COLOR INK JET PRINTER Reference rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON, EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. EPSON service of America, Inc. copyright Software England. copyright Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of
interface switch notch thickness thickness cover notch interface
Introduction This operating and instructions EPSON COLOR II, as as troubleshooting and technical specifications. instructions and the Microsoft or Apple the and Software the the ReadMe the EPSON or the the information about and software. of that the flexibility to or the software the and Software such as type, and halftoning to the right To easy, both the and include option that the to and the the type. the and Software instructions the and of the of the EPSON that this the efficiency. Introduction
The EPA that computers, and other peripheral would and would reduced tons. of to to If isnt off when Turn off and each when using them. the option software something catch them to If to rather than Not this and to This After the as the and Software to this the following information: to the right and and other Introduction
Where to Chapter the instructions the operation through its It to the Chapter instructions cleaning the heads, the cleaning and the and the from DOS. Chapter Troubleshooting, troubleshooting and operation Technical Specifications, the specifications the COLOR II Commands and Character the EPSON ESC/P and IBM X24/X24E commands the and shows the built-in character and Index the of the If purchased the United States or and technical EPSON EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer and the following services when EPSON technical information service Product and products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Introduction
Technical information the installation, and operation of EPSON products Customer You purchase and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. BUY-EPSON locations. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software that technical information. Services If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the services below. World If connected to the and World users to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON SM Corporate Info and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chat To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON Introduction
EPSON Service CompuServe You the EPSON Service (BBS) membership required. software to with and of or the that with software information. CompuServe the America CompuServe. If type GO EPSON the to reach the If currently introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory CompuServe user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication To of this offer, the United States and and other the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe Introduction
Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically this Reference to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following Introduction If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions.
Chapter Choosing and Other the Thickness and the Thickness the Thickness Loading Loading and Other Loading and Loading
this chapter information about choosing the or other and instructions them Choosing and Other You with and Coated they reduce the amount of that the coated enough the smear. To the EPSON and that formulated the EPSON These include the following: EPSON coated this when EPSON coated this when sheets included with the EPSON high-quality this with to EPSON high-quality EPSON EPSON within months of the when To EPSON and or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations.
the Thickness and the Thickness the following when or other coated inches) S041062 inches) S041048 coated inches) S041060 High-quality inches) S041072 Transparency inches) S041064 should the thickness and to they correctly the type of or other the there the and that To this, the or off the The thickness the right of the and thick the to the that the or other to as shown the following and type thickness Transparency or Thick
the Thickness the below to the thickness type. If smeared, the thickness to the of the type) and To the the cover; the the back corner, as shown the following type Thickness Transparency or Previously smeared thick
Loading thickness The following to instructions coated or and You to sheets of specifications, A. with the facing upward. The with arrow You these instructions however, to the thickness to the Thick and the thickness to the or from the when them.
the output the front of the Then the the the sheet to the as as of then to the
Loading and Other the of that its right the right of the the arrow the of the the Then the the of the the and other they the or loaded. instructions and Software as coated or the following coated and within year of purchase. within months. the of the the their The and reduce
high-quality or each from the immediately. each You of follow the instructions sheets and to their as as conditionsespecially high humidity, and sunlightcan the Follow other procedures included the of this section. Loading and The following to coated and You to the following of sheets the sheets of coated of with of beneath the the sheets of high-quality with sheet of beneath the the to the If of of beneath and If coated than to the arrow the of the
If of the top To with top and Follow these to or the the front of the and the the the to the as as
the or as the previous If of or the and then it to the the the whiter than the other and the when the as shown the below. the and other they the or loaded. instructions, and Software Loading specifications the thickness and of the A. that or or that too thin; they Also, choose
Follow these to the thickness and thickness to the as You to the with the facing as shown. the the straight the path. the and other they the loaded. instructions, and Software
the the Lights the the
This chapter to the using the It the functions the the The lights the and buttons as this section. Since from software, to the Normally to only to the following: Clean the or heads the the temporarily Turn or the the the
Lights On when the Flashes when received the On when memory or when or On when the of Flashes there On when selected. the character. It appear this rough of only that from DOS On when selected. The selected of their characters (Software this Flashes when the On when the or The the or NNN Flashes when the On when the or The the If while the You to with the switching to To this, off the and the
On when and flashes when the heads or The light flashes when off the when the light flashing. the section. to the below, functions and as Used or with other buttons to the clean the heads, or the the section information. (or temporarily. Press to Economy/Condensed (or Cleaning the Selects or as indicated the and lights. this from DOS
(or Cleaning or of The normally and automatically. combinations and (or Clears the and the to their factory information. Economy/Condensed (or Cleaning NNN Selects the and type when using DOS. The indicated the and right lights, the following type light Right light On Coated or On Transparency On On If the the and yellow The combinations below to Cleans the head; Cleaning the Heads Chapter information. the
(or Cleaning POWER switch the and the Testing the Chapter of and Software information. POWER switch connected to PC, containing of the to the troubleshooting Chapter and the To the and off the (If to clear the path.) POWER switch Prints of the and the the To the light then off the POWER switch the and instruction the section information. Economy/Condensed the To the and turn off the (If to clear the path.) the NNN Cleans the head; Cleaning the Heads information.
POWER switch and instruction the the this from DOS the To the and off the (If Load/Eject to clear the path.) the Additional functions through the the factory to the of users, rarely to the below. If necessary, however, the and the the buttons. the head the The options and the head to the graphics and the head both the as as selected, the switches and as when Font and Pitch. Select the built-in and character pitch as the Normally software to the and pitch. The Font and Pitch (characters inch). the
Interface from which interface the The allows the to switch as the and interfaces. might to the interface to or interface the the to from the (and from the other interface) when the interface You or timeout. Software. the to EPSON ESC/P or IBM X24/X24E. If software allows to EPSON ESC/P choose the and graphics. CR. that the and operation the the right of the (Used IBM X24/X24E only.) AGM Graphics that the high-resolution, graphics commands. (Used IBM X24/X24E only.) Character Selects the of characters and that printed. The the U.S.A. character If commonly containing or other characters the U.S.A. character to character of the character B. feed. that character encountered the command. off. If top of another, feed. the
Network interface If when the connected to computers, interface interface off. Loading the top to the the first The or Normally should software to top Thick Select or Envelope these To turn and instructions, off the Then the Economy/Condensed while the back Follow the instructions the to the pressing the the finished, and off the to (If to clear the path.) the
Chapter Cleaning the Heads Cartridges Selecting the Correct Cartridges and Cartridges Cleaning the Transporting the the from DOS
Instructions this chapter to the following to and Clean the heads the Clean the the the when from DOS. Cleaning the Heads The cleans its heads automatically, normally should to manually cleaning cleaning to the head they properly. You clean or both heads. Each cleaning about which the and hear the recharging the heads. The light flashes throughout the cleaning and then when the finished. To the head: the turned and the the and The cleaning Press the
Cartridges To the head: the turned and the the and The cleaning Press the the heads, turn off the then the as the back This the the light off the to It to cleaning to quality. If the clean the heads to each cleaning), and the or of (as the section), or authorized EPSON servicer. The NNN lights when and when to them. If of these lights flashes, the indicated to the its light to. If its light flashes, the that when with the and
the empty, with the switching to To this, off the then turn back and If the empty, the Selecting the Correct Cartridges these EPSON or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. the the ready to with Attempting to without the If when the light off and then back This the the and Once the the or the to them with ones. Once Black S020047 S020049 EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty.
and Cartridges Follow these to or both the and of the lights flashing or turned Press the that the light the the front of the and then the cover the notches its Warning: the beneath the of the cover; hand. the about seconds the head slightly to the The light (The to the seconds the the to The of the
the of the and of the or to the containing the and the from its wrapper. the from the top of the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with You the from the top of the the permanently the from the of the
the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the the Press the The light flashes as the charges the the cover. the charging finishes, the light flashing and Press the to off the light and
Cleaning the If to the follow these Turn off the and connected to to the cover closed as or other from the and with Clean the with cloth To clean of the with cloth. or thinner to the these chemicals the and the or these scratch the allow to the or the the the with or they the mechanisms.
Transporting the If to follow these Press the and off the the cover and that the head the right If the about seconds, and off. the when the Transporting the without the the the from the the interface from the from the sheet and the the and the the screw to the head to the as the the head. other protective to the the Notice that with the Repack the and the to the as If with output the the heads as If the the as and Software or as below, from DOS.
the from DOS If when from DOS to the its To that as instructed the too Follow these the and off. the and turn the to It instruction Follow the instructions the to finished, and off the to the and the should
Troubleshooting Quality with Other Troubleshooting
This chapter what It these this section the or what with this section this section or other with If the section and follow that apply to Also the the EPSON or the the information. If of the Where to the Introduction. Quality To the of the to and Chapter instructions. often cleaning the heads as earlier this chapter. that as as cleaning to If cleaning the heads the the following: the of the or MicroWeave and off High Troubleshooting NNN lights to whether the If the as Chapter and
Printed what or or higher EPSON coated and or EPSON high-quality only). high-quality when the matches the type of or other the If and the right, first to the software If the following You the of the both to which the On coated the white coated or with the facing the right of the and each as to smearing the that the thickness and thickness correctly the type. the Thickness and information.) or or with these incorrect higher Also, that the the the type of or other loaded. If when EPSON coated or EPSON high-quality Troubleshooting
whether To off this the Economy/Condensed the light off. whether or to or If graphics or MicroWeave and High off. that the Brightness and (PC or the using the to the the If DOS and the the the as Chapter and the with the the VGA or the of information the Clean or both heads as Chapter or both or as and Software If from DOS, the instructions this chapter. Troubleshooting
You white The incorrect or characters. You incorrect Turn MicroWeave the If white clean the heads as earlier the chapter. EPSON COLOR II selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser If the turned off the or instructions. the EPSON or the EPSON Select or then or If incorrect or characters, to the with instructions. If the with software or connected securely and troubleshooting information. If with EPSON or authorized EPSON servicer. EPSON COLOR II selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser Troubleshooting
that the Brightness and (PC or the If the the and match with the to to and to closely match If from DOS text or graphics appear off to too high or too the or the or what selected the option the and Software instructions. software to the or the of or the to match the the of the using as Chapter with If the to first that the Then that the outlet that switch or that the interface securely connected to the and If this correct, the following Troubleshooting
and the light the light off. The NNN NNN light flashes or and the temporarily suspended. Press the to One or both or too too than months or the its First clean the heads as earlier this chapter. If this the the If its light flashes, the that when the with the If the the light, off and the interface Then the and the The the and the the or and Software Turn off the and as Chapter of and Software If the the with the If the correctly, the caused software. or One or both or empty; the indicated as Chapter Troubleshooting
lights the light and nothing or Authorized EPSON servicer. and the and lights flash. There with the Turn off the seconds, back and If this the or authorized EPSON servicer. You memory PC and the The options the memory. If or to these options, closing reducing the of turning off the options, or increasing memory. The with correctly to You to the to the correctly the and Software instructions. The sounds nothing The heads cleaning. Cleaning the Heads instructions. One or both or too too than months or the its First the heads as earlier this chapter. If this the the Troubleshooting
You PC of conflicts. The to the the EPSON them temporary directory. If or the caused other temporary this directory. To the EPSON directory, follow these directory to the C:\SPLTEMP. the EPSON and the II selected, and then the Select the the directory to the created the this checked. Then OK the and Directory the the directory to the created Then OK the EPSON COLOR II selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser Troubleshooting
selected the option the and Software instructions. the selected software the Text You that graphics and slowing To text only, off MicroWeave and High of and allow to these this the possibly and off MicroWeave when of high-quality graphics or photographs. If text from DOS and selected the buttons, text than Select instead; Chapter instructions. as as expected. The the amount of If often with graphics and text with white than with of white The head cleaning cleaning necessary. If its light flashes, the that when correctly with the Troubleshooting
The to On PC, release that the EPSON and or Then the and the EPSON COLOR II the and there the option. On release that the EPSON Click the right of the and from the Click shown Waiting and EPSON COLOR II selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser If to the with instructions. If with EPSON or authorized EPSON servicer. If the with software or connected securely and troubleshooting information. On PC, the to the and software To first off the Then the and buttons, the and The the from the the to technician. Troubleshooting
This section to and that properly. If the frequently, the following: higher that and too thin, too thick, or rough. EPSON coated and high-quality specifications. the of If turning the The facing too the You to sheets of of coated sheets of (with of beneath the or of high-quality (with of beneath the If feed properly, the or The of quality; The too thin or thick; and type specifications. Troubleshooting
Other The than The to humidity, specifications The too tight or too the of the Too the You to sheets of sheets of coated of (with of beneath the or sheets of high-quality (with of beneath the If the following the of and to the Then the The too thin or thick, or to specifications. the thickness and thickness correctly type; Chapter instructions. the and the software to that selected the the and software. Troubleshooting
Ejected The too thin or or Single-sheet the to the The too that within the specified specifications. feeding crooked. The or creased. smooth of Too the sheets. The the and specifications. Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications A-2 A-3 Cartridges A-5 Mechanical A-6 A-7 A-7 A-7 A-8 Interface Specifications A-9 Interface A-9 Interface A-11 A-12 A-13 Technical Specifications A-1
yellow) each Printable and software and amount of covered. based with milliseconds -inch 56KB Bidirectional with text and graphics; and ESC/P and expanded graphics IBM X24/X24E feeding: spacing: -inch -inch, or -inch Character and graphics character Character and International character A-2 Technical Specifications Character pitch Printable LQ (characters inch) (characters second) condensed) condensed)
the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or path: top of Sheet capacity: of EPSON coated of EPSON high-quality (with of beneath the or each loaded) (with of of inches) A4 inches) inches) inches) High-quality and Thickness to inch to to to and inches DL inches bond, or Thickness to inch to to to Technical Specifications A-3
reduce and and other If switch to higher of coated high-quality and these or and The following EPSON S041062 coated S041048 coated S041060 S041072 High-quality S041064 Transparency Printable A-4 Technical Specifications A4 inches) Thickness to inch to to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH (High-quality to relative sheets BL BR C
Cartridges BR BL The top inch of the top inches BL The inch BR The right inch and inch and and inch A4 inch DL inch C The inch Black (S020047): Black capacity* (A4 Cartridge life* years from and to months the 77F (25C) to 104F to 40C) month 104F (40C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) 24.8F (4C) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) Technical Specifications A-5 C
(S020049): If often graphics and text with white than with of white The thaws approximately hours 77F (25C). Mechanical feed Friction with top (A4 A-6 Technical Specifications Colors and capacity* (A4; of each Cartridge life* years from and to months the 77F (25C) to 104F to 40C) month 104F (40C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) 24.8F 4C) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) only EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. the the
and inches Height inches without to Rated to to Rated LQ to 95F to 35C) to 140F to 60C) month 104F (40C) hours 140F (60C) Humidity: to RH to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 EMC: FCC inches inches Height inches without Technical Specifications A-7
Fonts The with of which using the the the with software The only to the when software allow to You other and pitch combinations using ESC/P commands, as B. Scalable Font A-8 Technical Specifications EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON
Interface Specifications Interface assignments IEEE P1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Direction STROBE IN STROBE to DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA ACKNLG OUT About LOW and the ready to BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following each character) and IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN These information to of respectively. Each HIGH when and LOW when Technical Specifications A-9
A-10 Technical Specifications Direction PE OUT HIGH the or SLCT OUT to through AUTO FEED XT NC Not GND ground CHASSIS chassis ground, GND which to the ground OUT to through GND Twisted-pair ground INIT IN this LOW, the to its when the first turned and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the ERROR OUT This LOW when the of GND as NC Not OUT to through SLIN IN Not IN this LOW, the
chart Interface The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. BUSY ACKNLG DATA STROBE (the and the of every than s. The built-in interface based the RS-422 the to Apple Based RS-422 Synchronization: Asynchronous DTR Technical Specifications A-11
Word Connector: Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 (M0197) The to of these three the to the selected the ESC the clear the input or clear the character The the or clear the character A-12 Technical Specifications Parity Stop The turned The INIT from the interface: LOW Software Software the ESC the command; the the and the the
The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form sheets: and right -inch Character pitch selected Cleared Every characters Font selection selected and character Hardware/control cleared Software and text the Technical Specifications A-13
Commands and Character Command B-2 EPSON ESC/P Commands B-2 IBM X24/X24E Emulation B-3 Character B-4 International Character B-8 Characters with ESC Command B-9 Commands and Character B-1
Command This with the of commands this section. EPSON ESC/P Commands the EPSON ESC/P commands software the advanced and graphics If information about commands, purchase the ESC/P Reference (ESCP2REF) from EPSON Accessories the U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. B-2 Commands and Character operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC I, ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font SI, DC2, SO, ESC W, DC4, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC S, ESC T, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC SP, ESC U, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC Color: ESC ESC MicroWeave: ESC
IBM X24/X24E This the IBM with the following commands. information, the IBM X24/X24E reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR ESC C, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphics Commands and Character B-3
Character The with of character when from and DOS software the the characters and its built-in character from DOS and the character should to the character You to the character or when the with These character selected the or software commands. the the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 shown completely. The of the only the characters through FF. PC437 (U.S., B-4 Commands and Character
PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) Commands and Character B-5
PC865 (Nordic) BRASCII B-6 Commands and Character
characters the character Commands and Character B-7
International Character You of the following international character the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected or with the ESC command. The following selected with the ESC command. B-8 Commands and Character
Characters with ESC Command To the characters the below, the ESC command. Commands and Character B-9
feed this selected the each (CR) feed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases reduce high The or of character The of numbers, and that the of characters CMYK of specifying and creating using yellow, and (K). which the of each character approximately of the of characters. or spreadsheets the The of the and lightest The the the higher the to function such as or feed. or that when the turned or initialized. dithering of to or
inch. The the which with to halftoning where distributed to ESC/P EPSON The of commands the to the It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P Enhanced of the ESC/P including and graphics. of type family such as or consisting of of from white to halftoning of repeating to troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. The of restoring the of
of which the each character precisely interface The the and the which to the which such as and cards. MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands using the of To to its of the amount of that represented. of measured of inch three and RGB of specifying its of red, and Computer this to which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows