IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding type third (grounding) This only grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service. PQ277
Where to Customer and service products network of authorized and service throughout the United States. America information and toll-free to its and service that this with the service and technical please Consumer Information and To or purchase ActionPrinter or please
Introduction The ActionPrinter L-750 advanced combining and high performance with of features. to the high-quality and ease of operation to from offers the following: with fast of to characters pitch characters inch). built-in Quality and high-quality that allows selection of international character and the Graphics featuring single-sheet with the ESC/P commands other Quality Introduction
About This This illustrated, instructions and operating around Chapter information testing, and the to and follow the instructions this chapter first. and include information and operation. This information the of Other information specifications, and commands. There of and At the back of this Reference this Notes: information and useful the operation of About This WARNINGS: to to and CAUTIONS: should to that operates correctly.
Chapter the Unpacking the the protective the Choosing the Assembling the the the Attaching the Testing the the Loading of the Connecting the to The interface Selection Choosing from the
Unpacking the the that the shown below and that the feed of the removing the the to the
Removing the protective The protected the protector, locking the protector, and the head protector. These protective items the these items, them with the other the tractor cover to the upright Then the cover and off. the then the protector. the the
the the and right locking the head the of the the as shown below. the
the back. Then the head to the of the the head and the head protector. WARNING: to protective the the the
Unpacking the the the tractor to the Follow these to the tractor. that the off. With the cover off, the Press the the tractor. Then the back and off the the
Choosing the location the following the the enough to the its to reach. around the to allow easy and grounded The below shows location. the
Choosing the If to the following The least or the of the The the than from With sheet the the If the supply below the that the catch the of the or the that the and the interface with feeding. If them to WARNING: locations that to sunlight, heat, or that switches or timers. of information both memory and memory. using outlets the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference such as or the of telephones. the
Assembling the To the only the following: the feed the the the The first the to the You this to manually the when the off. the feed the white the the the and the the
Assembling the the fits the the Follow these to the the head to the of the CAUTION: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching the
the from its and the wrapper. Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the and to the its and the the Press lightly both of the to the properly the Assembling the
Assembling the such as the of to the the head and while turn the ribbon-tightening to the the head from to to smoothly. that the or creased. the
Attaching the The to the smoothly and efficiently. Follow these to the the release back. the the the then the back the cover. the Assembling the
Assembling the Turn the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights that the release back to the single-sheet the
the to the the right to match the of Next, the WARNING: the using than inches to the head from directly the the Assembling the
Assembling the the to the the the back. If the without the the and then the the
Testing the that assembled, the built-in function to that the correctly though connected to to this to that operating properly. the to to and of the Follow these to the the turned off. the properly grounded Loading of Next, to of than inches the
Testing the the The or Quality To the follow the below: of as Turn off the While holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED Quality the release the of first, followed of characters. of typical Quality the
The the or the ON LINE If the satisfactory and to the the ON LINE To the the If loaded, the FORM FEED to Then off the the Testing the
Connecting the to If the correctly and the shown, ready to to the built-in interface. If shielded should to immediately. If whether interface, operating The interface the interface as below: both the and turned off. the securely the the
the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the it to the ground the back of the Connecting the to the
Selection specify the type of using that the of the features. of these or section that of to choose from. Choosing from the family of commands, its selection Choose from the following (the the of preference): L-750 L-1000 LQ-850/950/1050 LQ-500 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800/1000 LQ-1500 If of these listed, the first the following EX MX FX LX RX To the of however, it to with of the LQ its If these the to the
Chapter the the Lights Other features..................................... DIP Switches the DIP switches DIP switch functions Selecting character Selecting with the Selecting with DIP switches Selecting International Character Choosing Character Table the
the The buttons the of the The lights the of the the POWER READY PAPER OUT OFF ON LINE LINE FORM LETTER FEED QUALITY LINE FEED DRAFT
Lights POWER: READY: PAPER OUT: ON LINE: ON LINE: FORM FEED: LINE FEED: On when the switch and supplied. On when the ready to This light On when the of On when the and from the If this light the head overheated. this the the head cools and then This the line/off the this light and the and from the the off this to of or to the top of the the this to the Quality the section this chapter selecting the off this to the or to continuously. the this to the the the
the Other The to holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED Quality while the the The the DIP switch and operating of the holding both the LINE FEED and FORM FEED buttons while the turn the This allows advanced to the of the and the software. the the section testing the information.
DIP Switches the of the of DIP switches the back of the features, such as the character and length. These become when the turned or initialized. the DIP switches Follow these to the DIP switches: the turned off. pointed such as the of to the switch or off. The the following the DIP switch each The become when the the
DIP Switches DIP switch The below the DIP switch The to the which each that the the country. the DIP switch which appear DIP Switch the
International character Font selection Pitch selection DIP Switches the
DIP Switches feed (DIP switch each (CR) (LF). The input from If to other while the the to (DIP switch characters, however, to the switch to (off). graphics The ordinarily bidirectionally and graphics characters unidirectionally You however, text to with the software ESC U1. If DIP switch graphics character to bidirectional with ESC U0. If DIP switch off, graphics character whether or ESC U0 used. DIP switch of inches or inches If using that inches this switch (Factory off inch perforation DIP switch the perforation function. If this switch when using the one-inch the and the first the that the the perforation. of the top and Therefore, perforation these the
If top of to the of the the of and the top of the as shown below. DIP SW2-3 OFF perforation OFF) 23456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]' 3456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_ <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_ 6789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_' 23456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\] <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_ 56789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_' DIP SW2-3 ON perforation ON) DIP Switches the
Selecting of using character pitches, and other You the character the or DIP switches. character three built-in character DRAFT C o o back of o o o o ROMAN !"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK LMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_' o o o back of What the the
SANS SERIF !#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK LMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^_` o o o o o o o character high-speed which rough and and Quality (LQ) Quality to fully-formed characters Selecting with the To using the buttons, follow these the and to that the (the READY light should Press the LINE FEED to The sounds once when selected. Press the FORM FEED to s) sound when selected. Press the FORM FEED to s) sound when selected. The selected the FORM FEED or LINE FEED another selected software or the turned off, or initialized. Selecting the
Selecting Selecting with DIP switches You as the DIP switches and The with as the If to the DIP switches as shown the following CAUTION: the turned off DIP switch Font SW1-4 SW1-5 OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON to selection, the character pitch and other software commands the Command Summary, Chapter the
Selecting International Character Selecting international character with the characters and other the DIP switches, of international character To international character DIP switches and to the below. This shows the characters each international character Country USA UK CAUTION: the of DIP switch, to first off the the the back 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E ASCII DIP SW ON ON ON ON OFF OFF OFF OFF the ON ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF OFF
Selecting International Character the the international character and the shown below through the ESC command. ASCII Country Norway II II America the 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E
Choosing Character Table DIP switch selects the character or the Graphics character The Graphics international characters, characters, mathematical and character graphics corners, and areas. If IBM or Graphics DIP switch You then both text and the character graphics that the ESC command. of and Graphics shown below. Italics /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFG Graphics CAUTION: the of DIP switch, to first off the the the back the
Choosing Character the
Chapter Attaching the Loading Continuous the tractor Positioning supply Loading Attaching the the top of finished The thickness
with of inches to inches If the to sheets. the tractor Chapter the Follow these to the the release back. the the the then the back the the Next the right to match the of
the cover. Loading Follow these to the the release back as shown below.
Turn the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights should the the
the to the automatically. If the without the completely the and it firmly. Then the the back; then the ON LINE to the
To the the off the ON LINE and then the FORM FEED CAUTION: the the feed while the turned than of there software allow to the of If software characters the when reaches the of the this the and the ON LINE light off automatically. If software characters the of and to this the ON LINE light If the first thing should the ON LINE once to the off once the ON LINE light off, the that and as Press the ON LINE to the
To to the tractor With the with of inches to inches If the already installed, to Positioning supply this chapter. the Follow these to the tractor: Turn off the and the cover and the
Continuous the release and the tractor with the to the right. the notches the the rear mounting the Then the the front the front mounting of the
Positioning supply three to and supply of It to with the the tractor that the smoothly and straight the Loading Follow these to Turn off the the back; then the head to the of the WARNING: If the recently, the head cool to Continuous
the to the the to inch from the Then the back to
the right to match the of Then the the as shown below. both covers. Continuous
clean, straight and then the the the and the to the the of the the of the and then the covers.
the of the right to the and then If there the the head and the tractor the to the Continuous
Continuous the With to the to the of the with the the and then the the the top of It to the top of properly this the first of each The top of the turned off, or initialized. Follow these to the top of Turn off the the to feed the the perforation about with the ribbon.
the cover to the Turn the CAUTION: If the feed to feed the turning the the track to the LINE FEED or the
finished To tear off the finished follow the below: completed, the off Press the FORM FEED to the and then tear off the perforation.
to and of types, such as of to the thickness WARNING: You with the single-sheet feeding The thickness the of the thickness as follows: Turn off the the cover. the head to the of the WARNING: If the recently, the head it cool attempting to
the thickness to match the thickness of to the below. or Thin sheets sheets WARNING: the to when back to ordinary thickness or
the tractor cover. With the tractor You to three sheets thick including the the thickness to the the the previous WARNING: the the of forms. the thickness the as the section this chapter to the top of WARNING: with the feeding
Chapter Troubleshooting and and The The spaced incorrectly The or The properly Continuous properly The what Cleaning the the Ribbon.. Transporting the Troubleshooting and
and This chapter and their At the back of the chapter section the This users the of the and the This section and The that the turned and the POWER light If the turned the POWER light to that the and that the turned that the ON LINE light If the ON LINE that the connected to the both of the the and the that the of (The PAPER OUT light should off.) If the the from the and the Chapter If the properly, the and the the the software, or the If the the where purchased or the toll-free Troubleshooting and
The incorrectly Text or the of If the text the the of each of Turn DIP switch If the of Turn DIP switch off. If the turning DIP switch off, the AUTO FEED XT of interface. The or The properly the section Chapter The the section the this chapter. The thickness the the section the thickness Chapter The head This of characters Authorized to the head replaced. to the head other of the should the Troubleshooting and and
and The The of the supply. The the and The the section the this chapter. If the READY light off and the ON LINE light the to allow the head to cool. to to If the the sounds, and the ON LINE light the off and then back and to If the and to service sheets feed properly The of the release back to the single-sheet The too or too the Chapter The properly. the section attaching the Chapter The selected the DIP switch. the section DIP switches Chapter Troubleshooting and
properly The of the release to the The mounted the correctly. that the of the correctly the The properly. the section The supply too from the or with the tractor. Also, there the of the or something top of the supply. Chapter instructions the of the supply. The what The international character selected. the section international character Chapter The character or Graphics) selected. the section character Chapter The pitch, or selected properly. that software correctly the SelecType the (or installation) to the that with SelecType Another to the instead of SelecType to The to the Troubleshooting and and
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly year. Follow these to the the turned off. the and the to clear and If the outer or or with cloth with the cover to from the Troubleshooting and
WARNING: or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the Authorized Troubleshooting and Cleaning the
the Ribbon becomes too to the ribbon. the with Follow these to the ribbon: the turned off and cover the back; then the head to the of the To the straight and of the WARNING: If the recently, the head cool attempting to the ribbon. Troubleshooting and
To the ribbon, the ribbon- the of the arrow. the the the Press lightly both of the to the properly Troubleshooting and the Ribbon
the Ribbon pointed such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to the the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the cover or tractor cover. Troubleshooting and
Transporting the If to the the and as below. Turn off the the cover, and the from the then the interface from the the and feed the head to the then holding the head the head protector. Troubleshooting and
Transporting the the then the the and the locking Troubleshooting and
the protector. the tractor cover. Troubleshooting and Transporting the
Chapter Technical Specifications Specificataions.. Mechanical Interface Specifications.. Technical Specifications
Specifications Pitch Quality Characters/second/line Quality Quality Bidirectional logic-seeking and graphics and character graphics further information. inch, or of spacing: of inch Character pitch characters pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch pitch Technical Specifications character) character)
Character (characters inch) Font ASCII characters Character international character and Graphics character Friction tractor sheets to inches to sheets length: to inches to or (DIP switch to inches to Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Printable o o Technical Specifications o o o o Continuous to to or both or
feed thickness: of Mechanical Ribbon: MCBF: MTBF: head life: and inches with feeding; inches/s with feeding. sheets to inches to to inches to With only; to thickness: Cartridge ribbon, ribbons Quality characters, dots/character): head: hours inches Width: inches Depth: Approx. Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Insulation strength: AC and chassis) Humidity: Technical Specifications VAC to to AC and chassis withstand Operation: 41F to 95F (5C to 35C) -22F to 140F (-30C o 60C) Operation: to without to without Operation: to within to within Operation: to to to to
Interface Specifications with interface. assignments the interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following Direction STROBE IN STROBE to than the DATA IN These DATA IN information of the to DATA IN of respectively. HIGH DATA IN when and LOW DATA IN when DATA IN DATA IN IN DATA ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the to BUSY OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following off PE OUT HIGH that the of Technical Specifications
Interface Specifications Technical Specifications
The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair return, to ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and the of each than the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW.) Interface The below shows the the interface. Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications and The below shows the relationship or the line/off and the of the on/off characters, or DC3. While character and acknowledged that the another DC1 character that allow to Technical Specifications
There of and software The turned INIT the interface received. Software the initialized, the following The initialized. cleared. character cleared. cleared. Software the ESC and The the The ESC received. Technical Specifications
The below shows the that become when the initialized. to: Item Top of and right 1/6-inch Cleared VFU Font selection Hardware: to DIP switch Software: to the Character pitch to DIP switch Justification effects character Hardware: cleared Software: ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphic assignment ESC ESC ESC ESC when the turning the or INIT the cleared of Technical Specifications Every characters
Chapter Command Summary This summary the commands the If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of ASCII Hex. ESC DC1 DC3 DEL 7F ESC 3C ESC ESC EM ESC= 3D ESC 3E Select Character Select Unidirectional Turn Unidirectional On/Off Sheet R: Ejects sheet off MSB to MSB to Command Summary
Command Summary ASCII Hex. MSB ESC BEL 0D CR CAN Motion FF ESC C ESC C ESC ESC LF ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC VT ESC Command Summary 0C Length of Inches of inches 4E Perforation of 4F Perforation 0A Select 1/8-inch Spacing Select Spacing n/180-inch Spacing n/60-inch Spacing 4A n/180-inch 0B Vertically to should
ASCII Hex. Motion ESC as ESC the first selects 2F Select ESC Motion ESC 6C ESC BS ESC ESC 5C HT ESC the Margin Right Margin right Backspace from the Relative of inch and LQ to Terminated Command Summary Command Summary
Command Summary ASCII Hex. ESC Select Quality or Quality ESC 6B Select Family ESC and Character ESCP ESC 4D ESC ESC SI 0F ESC SI 0F DC2 o Command Summary To the of together the of the to from the below: pitch: pitch: condensed: emphasized: Select CPI Select CPI Select CPI Turn On/Off Select Select Double-wide
ASCII Hex. and Character (continued) ESC SO OE Select Double-wide ESC Turn Double-wide On/Off Double-wide DC4 ESC Turn Double-high On/Off ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC-1/0 2D Select Emphasized Emphasized Select Select Select Select ESC Strikethrough selected Turn On/Off Command Summary Command Summary
Command Summary Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC Word Processing ESC ESC SP Character ESC Select Character Selects character Graphics characters from Command Summary Select Select Character Normal with Select Justification Right Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and O-127 to
Hex. ASCII Character (continued) ESC Select International Character USA 3:UK Norway II II America Characters ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Characters ESC first character; character; of character; of character; right of character each 3A Copy ROM to RAM family Select Normal Printable Characters With Graphics this the of ESC Command Summary Command Summary
Command Summary ASCII Hex. Graphics ESC 4B Select Graphics ESC 4C Select Graphics ESC Select High-speed ESC 5A Select Graphics ESC 2A Select Graphics Option High-speed CRT CRT II CRT ESC 3F Reassign Graphics s=K,L,Y,orZ Command Summary ESC K,L,Y, and each
A-2 The Interface Boards A-2 Compatible interfaces A-2 the interface board..................................... A-8 New interface board............................... A-1
The Interface Boards of optional interfaces interface or to increase the memory capacity of Compatible interfaces The interfaces that with below. Interface New interface interface IEEE-488 interface If whether optional interface or to about interfaces, the interface The optional interface boards easy to The cross-head (Phillips) screwdriver. optional interface board, follow these Turn off both the and the from the and the the cover or tractor cover. the or the and A-2
Removing the WARNING: High the when the to the the turned off and the Also, to the board of the of the the electricity the from the cross-head screwdriver, the three screws located of the the front of the The Interface Boards A-3
The Interface Boards Partially the to the connected to the the and the together the the back through the the A-4
the shield from the back of the This to the of the there enough of to the cross-head screwdriver, the screw CG from the board. Then The Interface Boards A-5
The Interface Boards the There basic of interface board designs-the ground (FG) attached type and attached the other. This the of the interface If the interface board with FG ground) that already attached to the board, the as shown below the FG attached the interface to the as shown below. the CG screw to the round of the FG to the board. A-6
the interface clockwise and to the board. that the properly the the board with the three screws provided. The Interface Boards A-7
The Interface Boards interface boards the New interface board, the DIP switches the interface to the accompanying interface board. (If the board, the below.) the the of the installation. New interface If using optional interface, to match the of the and the they properly. the information optional interface or the to match the with the interface. the optional interface board, the DIP switch shown below. These DIP switches the interface board, the DIP switch ON OFF DIP SW Function following Selects Selects Selects following Selects following Selects EVEN ODD EVEN ODD Selects following A-8
selection SW1-1 SW1-4 ON ON OFF ON ON ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON ON OFF ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF OFF operation, higher than The Interface Boards A-9
The Interface Boards output input X-OFF or DTR to Can input X-ON or DTR to detected, other A-10
that these apply specifically to that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and of the of Usually to second. bidirectional which the head from to right other On the other from right to This increases the of the head both or which the of information or of information consisting of which each character of the of characters. or spreadsheets the GL-1
which each perforated and the characters, the ASCII includes other which These such as sounding the and or feed. (CSF) optional, which of the or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP of which each or of double-high which each character as high as GL-2
of characters. character the the slightly below the Can only which each character as as characters. One of of character high-speed Quality. of characters. character with the slightly to the right of the first. Graphics The Graphics character international characters, characters and character graphics corners, and areas. ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. of type family feed and that the to the top of GL-3
interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This Quality (LQ) One of Quality reduces the and increases the of character to increase the of character high-speed and that the the with the to interface interface. Parity and to the of pitch Indicates the of characters inch The that the GL-4
of quality: and Quality. high-speed, Quality polished which the of the character from character to character. than The than typewritten Random Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. of the of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM. GL-5
Reference
Hex. ASCII ESC ESC 3A ESC ESC ESC 4B ESC 4C ESC ESC ESC 5A 2A ESC ESC 3F Switch International character Font selection Switch perforation graphics Character pitch selection Character Descrlption CSF Characters Copy ROM to RAM Select Printable Characters Select Graphics Select Graphics Select High-speed Select Graphics Select Graphics Reassign Graphics ON OFF Graphic ON ON inches A4 ON ON Bidirectional Normal OFF OFF inches OFF OFF Unidirectional
Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ASCII ESC DC1 Select DC3 DEL 7F Character ESC 3C Select Unidirectional ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC EM Sheet ESC 3D MSB to ESC 3E MSB to ESC MSB BEL CR OD CAN FF OC ESC C ESC C ESC 4E Perforation ESC 4F Perforation LF OA ESC Spacing ESC Select 1/6-inch Spacing ESC n/180-inch Spacing ESC n/60-inch Spacing ESC 4A n/180-inch OB Vertically ESC ESC ESC 2F Select ESC Justification ESC SP Intercharacter ESC Select Character ESC Select International Character 6C Margin ESC ESC BS ESC Relative ESC 5C HT ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 4D Select CPI ESC Select CPI ESC Turn On/Off ESC OF Select SI Select ESC SI OF DC2 Select Double-wide o OE OE Select Double-wide ESC SO ESC DC4 ESC Select Emphasized ESC ESC Emphasized Select ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Select ESC 2D Turn On/Off Select ESC ESC Select Character ESC Hex. Right Margin Backspace Select Quality or 6B Select Family Select Select CPI Turn Double-wide On/Off Double-wide Turn Double-high On/Off Select