and Direct XXX-00
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, and Direct
Instructions Instructions of these instructions to follow and instructions the or cover the the through the to the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the to service the yourself.
the and servicing to service the following If to the Germany, the following: Precautions the the or the the head hand; otherwise the the off using the the the head the right) and the The or the the or the the normally or performance. To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected this pressed, the light flashes then off. the or off the to the outlet the light flashing.
the of the reach of and the If off with and If them immediately with this the immediately from its Leaving the reduced Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the the the within months of them. the or to them. This the head. choosing the the that than the The properly or locations to and humidity. from sunlight, light, or heat locations to and
the outlet where the easily and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of French-speaking users: fiche
and Functions cover interface input switch interface
front the information the functions of the buttons and lights. head top PC front
Function Lights o Light o charging or cleaning the head. o o o the and off. Loads or and released within seconds. and released the head to the seconds while the light flashing or the head to its head cleaning seconds when the flashing the then the to the of the and the If the light to flash, off the and the of the The nearly empty. (S020093). Black The empty. the (S020093). Black The nearly empty. (S020110). The empty. the (S020110). light off. Black or Black or
top the items and with the buttons the front C Select buttons: the PC with the the of with the Index button. A6 A4 Crop Effect Quality High High On Select Processing One Select the to the item to the Allows to the optional and or off the buttons: the the selected item the Allows to the and or off the From To Processing light: Flashes while PC the and the operation and the with the buttons. with the and selected with the buttons. While allowed to the with the of and the Select buttons: selected with the One selected with the
Chapter Direct or with Attaching the the the Cartridges
Direct or with You this to directly with PC or with the first, to this chapter. the of this to information about operation, and troubleshooting. to with the to and the software as with Computer. information about with the the Attaching the the the the of the
the that the turned off. It off when the the the back of the to the the matches that of the outlet Also, that the If the attached to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded the Cartridges the the following. Warning: The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with slightly from the of the It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord.
the them, or the the with the first otherwise the charge the properly. the as follows: the then the cover. Turn the The head slightly to the which the The light flashes and the Black and the head hand. the C lights
the the that with the from each Black the from the them; otherwise the become the of the from the otherwise the become and the from the of the otherwise,
the gently their with the The which the right and the the the Press the they both If of the the Once the their the the become
Press the the cover. ready to the with The the head and charging the The charging about to which the light flashes and the of mechanical sounds. These sounds the the head to its right) off the while the light flashing.
Chapter Direct Introduction What You Can with This (A4, A6, inch) EPSON the Selecting the Switch Direct Introduction
What You Can with This This photographs the following of You photographs This and easy. to to and PC the the and the to the You or to Chapter Directly with PC Cards. Direct Introduction
of photographs the PC as of This the of photograph or creating of Print Photographs or Card of A4 You write the around the photographs and together. You easily Direct Introduction
A4 With A4 sheet of photographs to 2L or 4L. You To the the optional PC which includes photographs EPSON Direct Introduction
The type and of the of to the following information and the This photographs directly with PC three (A6), inch) and (A4). You should and humidity: to 25C to 77F) and to 60%RH. off the of the the (A4, A6, inch) using the the following: to and to thickness. to the arrow EPSON EPSON that the EPSON EPSON recommends to distributed EPSON to high-quality distributed EPSON, the instruction sheets with first and the following The following type and when directly from the PC cards. the choice Direct Introduction
through and the software IP-100 with information. The of country. EPSON and humidity) to Product Characteristics EPSON A4 S041059 This S041025 handouts of business that and of Quality A4 S041061 This with S041026 high reasonable It Quality A4 S041126 This the highest The with finish. A4 S041140 This the inch S041134 highest The with finish. inch EPSON perforated around the to photographs. Loading EPSON inch) Direct Introduction
About the cleaning The Cleaning with of with the feeding of this Forcing the the feeding where to high high humidity, and sunlight. the its and cool, to quality. The the and FORMAT the the Product Characteristics EPSON Quality A4 S041106 Allows to to and off and EPSON A6 S041144 This and off and EPSON Quality Card A6 S041054 This of to family and cards. Direct Introduction
the This section the PAPER, FORMAT, SELECT, and SET the This item selecting the type of to EPSON EPSON Quality Card, EPSON or EPSON Quality FORMAT PAPER This item selecting the of to A6: A6 Direct Introduction C Quality selecting the A6 High On
inch A4: A4 This item selecting the of the photoprint. The the of selected. the Index the appears the Crop photograph the of the selected photograph the top of A4 of photograph or photographs of A4 photograph four or four photographs of A4 photograph three or three photographs sheet of A4 photograph or photographs of A4 EPSON to tear off This when A4 and or Card the the appears. Direct Introduction
The FORMAT selected the PAPER and FORMAT FORMAT 4L N/A N/A 2L N/A N/A N/A Card Top Crop Direct Introduction A6 A4 PAPER Top Top N/A N/A Approx.
The noted specify the of The EPSON or the off or the perforated off or the perforated the of the slightly the to trimming), the the information the the The of photographs the PC indicated when the the or the One the selected photo indicated. the the first indicated. the or Index the PC than photographs flashes to the This item specifying the of to the the indicated. the One the of that specified the of photographs that of "E": "Card": Direct Introduction
Quality This item selecting the of photoprint. The Quality the PAPER High: Prints with and Prints fast, This High: Prints with the highest This item or off. On The from the PC enhanced. that and to high off. Selecting the Switch You the photo function the the with Select the with the switch and then with PC PC to with the switch to INT. Direct Introduction
Turn the off and the cover. the switch to INT. Turn the from the To to and the switch to EXT. Turn the off and the cover. the switch to EXT. Turn the Direct Introduction
Direct Introduction
Chapter Directly with PC Cards Loading Loading A4 Loading A6 Loading EPSON inch). Loading PC Cards Loading PC Ejecting PC Photographs the PC Card Print. Selected Selected of the Restoring the to Directly with PC Cards
Loading Loading A4 A4 and the following EPSON follow the below. the instruction sheets with EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Sheet the Directly with PC Cards
the and the of then to the Pressing the of the release from the Directly with PC Cards
With the the resting the right and the such as and the as shown the to the to EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Loading with EPSON Directly with PC Cards If the necessary, the sheet first. the below. sheets to including sheet instruction with the Whiter Not Not
the the Loading A6 A6 and the following EPSON follow the below. the instruction sheets with EPSON Loading EPSON the the or the properly the EPSON Quality Card EPSON Directly with PC Cards
the and them as shown below. With the the the right and the EPSON Quality including the Card EPSON Loading with EPSON Directly with PC Cards If the necessary, the first. the below. Cards
the the of the Loading EPSON To the the Loading included the the first. Then, the with the and the to the right Loading EPSON inch) EPSON (S041134) perforated around the to inch photographs. the following when using this the the or the properly the Directly with PC Cards
the with the perforated as shown the If the or the Loading curled, to feeding the included Loading the of You to of the Select PAPER and 4X6 PAPER the Directly with PC Cards
or tear the the perforation tear, or the The of might off when the perforated Directly with PC Cards
Loading PC Cards photographs the memory or card-type memory which and from the The to as to this shown below. or CompactFlash cards, the PC the the PC CompactFlash with The PC the and PC with IP-100. EPSON information the of the and PC Directly with PC Cards PC (PCMCIA II) CompactFlash
Loading PC the PC the PC as follows: the the PC the PC the CompactFlash the with the the PC the with the Forcing the the other the and/or Directly with PC Cards
Ejecting PC that the Processing light or flashing. Press the as shown to the PC Directly with PC Cards PC or off to the while the (reading or writing) or the CompactFlash or while the PC the Processing
The PC enough to Photographs the PC Card of the photographs the PC specified of This the when PC the and PC containing photographs the Loading Loading PC Cards Press the to the The light and appears to the C Directly with PC Cards
Press the to the of to Press the the to the item to Press the buttons to the Directly with PC Cards as the PC the light flashing and appears to the and other already the information, with the The the PAPER what the FORMAT should the first. the the the SELECT C A6 selecting A6 selecting
Press the To To the You album-ready A4 of and A4 PAPER and or Card Then, the the with the It to and (the of) the this the light flashes and appears to the as as the PC the the the the the the the If to the Directly with PC Cards
photographs PC as of the specified of The high and and PC containing photographs the Loading Loading PC Cards Press the once or to the or Normal Press the to the of to Press the the to the item to Directly with PC Cards selected, the Index light flashing and shown to Quality the Normal selected, the light and High or High shown the You High or High the Quality The the FORMAT and the SELECT to selected. C Quality
Press the to Press the the The allows that the the PC quickly. the Normal the Normal High or High Quality. the Normal Quality and Enhanced changeable when the Normal Index selected. the the photographs the PC as of the specified of A6 selecting A6 selecting Directly with PC Cards
Selected It to photograph from the PC and specified of to with the PC continuously, continuously and PC containing photographs the Loading Loading PC Cards Press the One to the One Press the to the Directly with PC Cards The One light This The from the the the to the photo One C
Press the buttons the to the item to Press the buttons to the Press the button. selected photograph A4 of and A4 PAPER and or Card Then, the the The the PAPER what the FORMAT should the first. the the The selected photograph A6 selecting selecting Directly with PC Cards A6
continuously To the PC continuously, follow the instructions below. the as While to as Selected of It to of photographs the PC and them another. and PC containing photographs the Loading Loading PC Cards Press the to the that the the the SELECT then the buttons to the photo the Directly with PC Cards The light C From To
Press the to the to then the buttons to the the To. Press the the to the item to Press the to the This The from the the the to the numbers. The the SELECT items, the C A6 selecting A6 selecting Directly with PC Cards From To
Press the the selected of photographs A4 of and A4 PAPER and or Card Then, the the the You the to with and the and the or off. Follow these to the internal Press the and buttons the to the Press the to the item Directly with PC Cards The photographs the selected another. The and lights flashing and the and appear the The Item and
Press the buttons the to to the Press the buttons to the the selected about the the below. Item the to the of the If the to ratio of the the with trimming, of the Index and the photo to the without trimming. Prints the with and Prints the without and to the Select to the or to This only A4 and to the to the or to right. This A4 and (EPSON Directly with PC Cards
Item with as as the operation sound. Press the Restoring the to the the and buttons the then the seconds or hear sound. Directly with PC Cards the the the and the buttons other than the or off the while the the the and the The and lights turn off. The retained the turned off. with the operation sound.
Chapter and with Effects with of and
with Effects You manually the of photographs. Press the Press the buttons to Effect and The light flashing and Effect appears to the Pressing the allows to the and the and off. The the C C Effect
Effect yellowgreen High yellow Slightly Slightly brighter Brighter More colorearth Cooler Warmer Cooler Lighter tone Warmer tone Narrower aspect aspect reduction orientation: The selected retained the turned off. If buttons other than the buttons while selecting the Effect the becomes and the the and
Press the and as Directly with PC Cards. Turning off the Effect Press the to off the Effect light or the Effect to with With the optional PC including photographs as This option EPSON To with the included the optional PC A6 You EPSON (S041144). and The light to the If the the turned off with the retained. with the selected the Quality.
the optional PC which includes the Press the buttons to The light flashing and appears to the If the Pressing the allows to and the and off. information the and their instructions with option, or of as of C C and
Press the the optional PC from the and the PC with the photograph. A6 Select the photo to with the selected and and The selected retained the turned off. If buttons other than the buttons while selecting the the becomes and the the The light to the and to the If the the off with the retained. If within the the the
of You the of the optional PC which includes the optional PC including the A6 the Press the Press the The and lights flashing. the selection and
and
Chapter and Transportation Cartridges Checking the Head Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the Transporting the and Transportation
Cartridges The lights inform when to and when to This the of the lights and the actions to o Lights Action (S020093). o the (S020110). o the EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. If the though the other and Transportation flashing the the obtained the head
To the follow these the The light should flashing. which to as indicated the the the front of the then the cover. the three seconds the head slightly to the and the light flashing. the head hand. the to the If the three seconds when the Black and lights off, the cleaning the head. Black and and Transportation light.)
the that the to as as The partly of the the of the and of properly. the or to and Transportation Once the the becomes and Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with The shows To the the
the from its protective Next, the yellow from the the the with the the the Black You the yellow from the Leaving the when the permanently the of the from the top of the otherwise, the become and the from the of the otherwise, and Transportation The shows To the the
Press the Press the the cover. and Transportation Once the their the the become The the head and charging the This about to the charging finished, the the head to its and the light flashing. The light to while the the charging operation. off the while this light flashing. Doing charging of The shows To the the
Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these the head with the buttons. You the head from with the the software. A4 or the the the turned and the head Then release both buttons. and the and Transportation
Press the and Transportation The typical The and white, the (CMYK). to turn off the finishes the If the satisfactorily, of the there with the This or head. the section cleaning the head. information the head, the Head
Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head with the which that the properly. head cleaning both and To wasting the head only the head to that the head to cleaned. This the You the head from with the Head Cleaning the software. that the light and that both the the Black or light flashing or the head. the first. Black and lights off. The cleaning the head and the light flashing. head cleaning about to If the Black or light flashing or clean the head, and this the If to this the to the head to its three seconds. and Transportation
the light flashing, from to that the head and to the cleaning If hasnt repeating this four or or both of or and to replaced. To empty, or Cartridge the If the the the Head If of to this with the buttons. You the head from the Head software. Follow these to the head with the buttons: the and the and Transportation off the while the light Doing the to the the and Index lights flashing, release the
Press the to to the A4 or the Press the to the the of the correctly If incorrect, choose the Press the the to the Press the buttons to the the correctly C C C and Transportation
Press the Press the If the the from the Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off and the lights off. Then the cord. from the to clean and If the outer or the of the with cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the the and Transportation the head the to to automatically. to turn the off.
or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the Transporting the If to the and as follows: the cover and that the head the right) If the and the head to the Turn off the and then the cover. the from the then the interface from the the from the and the the and then the the protective to the to the or or the of the with the or service the when the Removing the the and Transportation
the and the the and Transportation
Troubleshooting to that ON to or The to of photograph. to the selected Quality the head the satisfactorily that the properly the Where to Troubleshooting
You with the lights If and the lights or flashing, the following of light to the then follow the recommended corrective o Lights and o Troubleshooting off, flashing the the then the The and the correctly. then the the of the the and the then the The nearly empty. (S020093). Load/ to this light off. The to this light off. to this light off. If the light to flash, off the and the of the If tears and the the cover and the of Turn the and
Lights and o The the empty. with (S020093). The nearly empty. (S020110). o The the empty. with (S020110). The head caught or other and to the o o Unknown unknown Turn the off, and occurred. seconds, If the cleared, Turn the off. seconds, The If the ejected, turn off the the cover and from the hand. If the cleared, Troubleshooting
Action Troubleshooting internal Turn the off. seconds, turn If the cleared, Turn the off. seconds, If the cleared, The switch Turn the off and the properly switch to the INT Turn the and photograph. The or empty. The or empty. the or loaded. the The properly. or the with (S020093). or the with (S020110). Cartridges the and the the properly the and the the cover and the the and properly. Cartridges
to If while the with the that ON that the the to or that the PC properly the that the PC displayed. The displayed when when there or when Indicators the E3 displayed. Photographs the switch to the EXT the switch to INT and the off and Selecting the Switch the PC or while the light the PC the and Troubleshooting
The that the PC containing the properly the to of photograph the the photograph to the the to the selected the and the Quality the head Checking the Head that satisfactorily. If of the or nothing the head. Cleaning the Head the satisfactorily appear or white appear. This when the head clogged. Cleaning the Head Troubleshooting
that the properly If smears thick the to the the cover. the to the thick to the to the If of thickness the the faintly. Troubleshooting
the To the amount of the follow the below: the Index while the turned Press the buttons and the of the to Troubleshooting Black Head the Head The of the to To the back to the the off and To Cartridges
Where to If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services to the following information: United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) of services and technical World If to the and browser, information the EPSON products, software user and to of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click About Software application(s) normally with and their number(s) Troubleshooting
EPSON EPSON Service information, including troubleshooting switch and information. To EPSON, the UK or from the of Ireland touch-tone You to follow to Once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service the and You the EPSON Service the UK or from the of Ireland. membership that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). Troubleshooting
Customer and Warranty Customer and Warranty teams the UK or from the of Ireland. They the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty of EPSON Customer and Warranty services the technical section of World and EPSON service The the UK or from the of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the following information: information and EPSON products World Where to purchase EPSON and options Troubleshooting
Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as the the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information, including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If phone URL Access the EPSON World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to Troubleshooting
EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information the telephone and below: To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Troubleshooting
Product information to of EPSON World board board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the and below: Troubleshooting BBS: Phone: BBS:
Chapter with the with PC Connecting the the software the with Connecting the the software Selecting the Chooser Loading First First with
To Microsoft or NT and shielded, twisted-pair should the following Recommended and NT or higher 16MB RAM 32MB RAM or and 64MB or NT 10MB and 50MB or free 20MB NT and 100MB or NT VGA VGA or these To this Apple the following You Apple with
Applicable (as of LC475, LC575, LC630 or 2300C/100 or The amount of memory to the and of that To memory choose About This from the Apple and to the memory Unused (1,024K=1MB). The memory These the of the the type of and the complexity of the to to these and memory 10MB of free to software. To amounting to about the of the to Recommended or 5MB of memory 10MB of memory when background turned 12MB or of memory 21MB or of memory when background turned with
the with PC Connecting the To the to the built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair Follow these to both the and turned off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the it to the ground the back of the the software instructions the software. You the software using with
the software the to to the software included the Software EPSON IP-100 CD-ROM shipped with software software includes: The the software that or With such as type, and The Head and Head top operating EPSON The EPSON of and displays information such as the amount of The when If to of the software included CD-ROM, the software CD-ROM, then based and follow the on-screen instructions. with
Follow these to the software: the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM The appears. Click to the software installation. the OK If the New or other appears when and follow the EPSON automatically. Click to this If to Checking and the information and the software, First the Software the If with or NT Network the with
the with Connecting the To the built-in interface, Apple Follow these to the both and switched off. of the interface to the the back of the only Apple to the to incorrect with
the other of the interface to the or the Macintosh. the INPUT switch of to the EXT Selecting the Switch the section instructions the software. You the software using the software the to Macintosh, ready to the software included the Software EPSON IP-100 CD-ROM shipped with software includes: EPSON with IP-100 This the software that With such as type, and EPSON and background You turn background the Chooser to this of the of and when the head Head Cleaning Cleans the head to the quality.
Turn off protection software. Follow these to software: Turn and the software CD the CD-ROM The EPSON software automatically. the appears, the the appears, The following appears. Head the head that and ColorSync and Profiles Matches the with the displayed automatically. this when photographs or graphics. with
If to of the software included software CD-ROM, the Location shows the and If Custom from the and Confirm the installation, then appears informing that finished, to the and Selecting the Chooser the software, to the Chooser to You to choose the the first or whenever to switch to another the selected. If using or to choose Compatible the Switch selecting from the Chooser. To the Switch choose from the Apple then choose Switch the connected to and turned with Click the to information each
Choose Chooser from the Apple Then and the connected to. Click the Background buttons to background or off. background while You background to the EPSON to the Chooser. information and the software, First the Software the If appear when the this the other or the Inactive then the If Ethernet to the or and the Active with
Loading Follow these to the You photo-quality or cards, and sheets. such the Turn the with
the and the Next, the that the the slightly than the of of then to the with
the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the Then the the of the with the first. the fits the arrow the the arrow right
the ready to first to the operation of the README with software. The README the information about software. Follow these to the README Click to to and or EPSON NT and then EPSON IP-100 Click the The appears. selected and then or You to of these buttons. The appears. with
Click the necessary, then anywhere the and the the Select as the the option to Click OK the of the You to the (or Click OK or to You to of these buttons. While the EPSON appear, showing the and the of Checking and the Congratulations! EPSON and ready to further information about the about the software, with selected, the software other to the and
First the ready to first to the operation of the README located software CD. The README the information about software. Follow these to the README the software CD. the EPSON and the README Choose from the This the shown below. Select the the from the Select or as the option. the OK to the You from the You from the with
Choose from the This the shown below. Select the the from the as the option. the option to Click to Congratulations! EPSON and ready to further information about the about the software, with selected, the software other to the and
and Products Interface A-2 A-2 EPSON A-2 and Products A-1
Interface You interface that the following specifications. Interface (shielded) C83602 from D-SUB to Amphenol The the of the which country. Black S020093 S020110 EPSON EPSON offers specifically to high-quality EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 A-2 and Products
The of country. when with EPSON Quality Card S041122 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON Cards A6 S041147 (with EPSON Cards S041148 (with EPSON Cards S041149 (with EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON S041134 EPSON Cards (A4) S041177 EPSON (A6) S041144 EPSON (A6) S041176 EPSON S041145 EPSON Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 S041155 and Products A-3
A-4 and Products