Sign-off: cover front thickness shield interface front front DR, A5 front cover Sunflower -P cover-1 cover-2 cover-3
A5 Sign-off: Sunflower-P EPSON LQ-2070 rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. EPSON SM service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright Corporation,
A5 Sunflower-P This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference- Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Netherlands Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): M. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. A5 Sunflower-P According to ISO/IEC and EN Product LQ-2070 P911A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN Directive 90/384/EEC: EN
A5 Sunflower-P EPSON that this the efficiency. The EPA that computers, and other peripheral annually and would reduced tons. of to The EPA of or service. to If isnt off when Turn off and each when using them. the option software to catch If to rather than Not this and
If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services when Technical with the installation, and operation of EPSON products locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer relations EPSON technical information service Product and products You purchase ribbons, and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software that technical information. Services If the to helpful specifications, and EPSON products through the services below. A5 Sunflower-P Where to
A5 Sunflower-P World If connected to the and Browser, World users to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON SM Corporate Info, and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chat To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON EPSON Service You the EPSON Service (BBS) membership required. software to with and to the that with software information. CompuServe CompuServe the EPSON America CompuServe. If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory CompuServe own ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, or CompuServe
United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the the terminals as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or with the earth or coloured or and The connected to the the with the or coloured The connected to the the with the or red. If to the the or only with of the and A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Instructions the following instructions to the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the or the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions.
Sign-off: Introduction EPSON offers high performance with of You the high-quality and ease of operation to from EPSON including: High of to characters characters inch both sheets and and four as as and of to three that allows selection of of advanced EPSON ESC/P commands and IBM with A4 and with Software including and that and easily. A5 Introduction Sunflower-P Introduction
A5 Introduction Sunflower-P The following options Cut-sheet (High capacity, C80673 C80674 to of or (high capacity) without reloading. You cut-sheet combining the high and this to A4 or sheets of and tractor (C80032 easy which You this tractor as front tractor. allows to with 8.5-inch that with Interface cards, to the built-in interface. Introduction
to This This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter information testing, and connecting the to this chapter first. Chapter to and and the Chapter the operation of Chapter to optional with information, including Chapter troubleshooting If the properly or the what this chapter of and The the specifications, commands, and character At the of the and A5 Introduction Sunflower-P Introduction
A5 Introduction Sunflower-P and Notes This the following to to to Notes information and the of Introduction
Sign-off: Chapter the Choosing the the the Ribbon Cartridge the the Connecting the to the Microsoft DOS DOS A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P This chapter to the and the software. Choosing the selecting to to follow these the enough to the the interface to reach around the easy operation and locations that to sunlight, heat, or properly grounded the where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the
If to follow these that least that the of than from If cut-sheet the If to through the of the choose that path. and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the that the straight the tractors A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Sunflower-P Unpacking the to this should include EPSON Notice and the following items: only) the permanently attached to the You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to these screwdriver included the screw. the
and protective including the protective locking the and the screw, to the the It should its There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country, the Ribbon Cartridge the that the the cover and off. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the head the as shown below. If the head this the head to the (the of the Warning the printhead while the turned this the Also, the head become cool the from its Then the from the of the and the the
the that the ribbon-tightening facing and the the of the the that the notch each of the fits the each of the the and clicks both the and the the head. Press the clicks the twisted or creased and that the head. Turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the head from to to smoothly. the cover first the front the the front of the then the
the the as shown below. You easy to the You the and the to the the the the of the the the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the and the the The when the cover the the turned off. the the back of the to the matches that of If the rated and outlet match, the cord. If the attached to the the to the AC the the properly grounded the to functioning properly as the section. the
the You the or with or sheets. You the from the rear, front, top, or The following to the single-sheet from the top. Chapter information The the the currently selected the off and the the release to the single-sheet the while the the LF/FF while the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter the to the arrow Then the right to match the of the using least inches) otherwise, the head directly the the and the the
of the the to match the of seconds, the the to the and the the cover The when the cover If to temporarily the the To To the first the If the the to the then off the of typical A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Connecting the to interface with the and that with the other reference the type. Follow these to the to both the and turned off. the securely the interface the together they both of the If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
the The EPSON software that of The EPSON that with includes the software as as to the through DOS. Microsoft the of If follow the the section to the If instructions. the users Follow these to the the EPSON (or B, From the choose A: SETUP (or B: SETUP then OK Select LQ-2070 ESC/P as the and The automatically. Click OK The LQ-2070 the LQ-2070 as the If to the or assignment, the the group. A5 Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the users Follow these to the the To the the IEEE-1284 (ECP or EPP bidirectional information. the and the connected to the (The to Turn off and necessary. Turn the first; then the If the You the New Found If the New please follow the the while instead. displayed the Then the from of the other buttons. The the the New this the then OK This appear the
Click OK You the From the If the A, OK the the Copy from and OK At the type the the that the as shown. The the to and to the using the assign. To the as the the Click the Next the YES to Click the Choose the the correctly. If correctly, choose and follow the the To the Checking the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the while Follow these to the the the Double-click the Double-click the Click the Next Select the or Network button. Click the Next Click the the containing the A: WIN95 (or B: WIN95 then OK Select the to with this Click the Next button. Select the or to the Click the Next Click the to Click the that appears, choose the satisfactorily. If satisfactorily, choose and follow the that appear the
Checking the should that the match While the with the to the following: The inch The of the the The of the or Tractor, feed, or Follow these to the the the Double-click the highlighted, and the the Select the the from the If the the arrows the right to through the The the to the select. Select or The the to the select. Select the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Sunflower-P Select the Click to the option You clicking the arrow to or You dithering choosing or users Follow these to the the the Select then Right-click the and choose Click the and the the from the If through the and the The the to the select. Select or The the to the select. Select the Select the the Graphics other wish, and OK when finished. the
DOS DOS software include EPSON ESC/P Also, DOS to from of to the If the LQ-2070 included the software to there updated or the first from the below. LQ-2170 LQ-1070/1070+ LQ-870/1170 LQ-850+/1050+ LQ-850/1050 LQ-510/550/1010 LQ-200 LQ-500 LQ-860+/1060+ LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800/1000 LQ-1500 DOS instructions selecting the DOS with the EPSON and EPSON You EPSON to from instead of the Also, EPSON to properly A5 Chapter the
Sign-off: the release Loading sheets with the Loading from the front Continuous Loading with the Loading with the optional tractor Loading with the tractor Removing from the tractor Switching Continuous and Switching to Switching to the thickness A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P This chapter to: the release with the or the optional tractor(s) Switch the release to the release the type of and to The release four with indicating the type of and each
release Tractor and Although arrows from the top, the actually the from the rear, when the The recommended when information about sheets, the section. information about and optional tractor, Continuous A5 Sunflower-P Single-sheet positionfor (including and postcards), whether from the front, rear, optional cut-sheet or Rear and tractor combinationfor from the rear. and front tractor combinationfor from the front. tractor positionfor from the front, rear, or
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P You of from to to inches) You from the top or front of the Loading sheets with the the release to the single-sheet the and the Turn the
the to the arrow the Then the right to match the of the and it the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the the seconds, the the to the You ready to the the right of the to clear when the turned off. the or it to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and To the the
Loading sheets from the front the release to the single-sheet the the the front Turn the the as shown below. the arrow the information the the right to match the of A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the seconds, the the to the You ready to the the right of the to clear when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the button.
Continuous The built-in allows to the tractor. to this, through the front or using or optional tractor information the optional tractor Loading with the optional tractor You that to to inches) The through the tractor off the and through the front or Loading with the You the to ordinary and To Loading with the optional supply with the the smoothly the Also, the ejected with the about to the optional with the information about using the optional tractor to Loading with the optional A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Follow the below to with the rear tractor: the turned off. the cover and the release to the Release the the
the to the of the the the as shown below. the the information the Then the right to match the of Also, the the clean, straight Then the covers and the of the the tractor A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P the covers. the right to the then the cover and the and right to the of the smoother feeding. Turn the the the the cover The when the cover You the to the pressing the the the as shown below. the the the the right of the to clear when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form
Loading with the optional tractor The allows to through the front or to the rear, purchase the optional tractor Selecting the tractor and The below the to the release to the indicated the Tractor release Rear or tractor or front The recommended The deactivated release supply with the the the smoothly the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P If through the that enough to feed from the without obstruction. tractor You the optional tractor as front or tractor; the to feeding the the front from the front first purchase the optional tractor You the optional as front tractor. Follow the instructions below to the turned off. the front and the both and straight of the front that bound the tractor. This type of from the front tractor.
the the mounting as shown below. You ready to with the front tractor. Loading with the front tractor or Loading with the tractor instructions. the tractor from the front If to the another follow the below to Then the section instructions. the turned off. that the feed path. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P the front and both and straight of the Press the tractors and of the
the front the the front the the the first purchase the optional tractor. the turned off. the cover and and off the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Press the both of the clear the front of the and off the the tractors the mounting then the back the thickness to that wasnt installation. the thickness the
the You ready to with the tractor. Loading with the tractor or Loading with the tractor the from the If to the tractor another follow the below to Then the section instructions. the turned off. that the path. the cover and the tractors and off the A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the clear the the notches each of the Press the head back and forth to freely. If the incorrectly installed. and Warning the head while the turned this the Also, the head become cool the cover and
Loading with the front tractor this path, first purchase the optional the optional tractor as front tractor. The that bound or only the tractor. This type of through the front tractor. the turned off. the front the tractor the front mounting and the release to the front tractor as shown A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P Release the the and from the as shown below. the arrow the information the
the Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight Then the covers and the of the the the covers. the right to the then the front the as shown below. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the and right to the of the path. This Turn the the the the cover The when the cover You the to the the the the as shown below. Also, the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form Loading with the this feed path, first purchase the optional tractor The tractor To with the tractor, the following.
the turned off. the cover and the tractor the and the release to the Release the the A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter the to the of the using the the of the tractor as the the information the Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight the covers and from either the front, or rear Then the of the the the covers. the right to the then the and
the and right to the of the path. This Turn the the the the cover The when the cover You the to the the the the as shown below. Also, the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form Loading with the You the front or the front and tractors first purchase optional tractor as tractor the front tractor the other the rear (top) tractor The A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P To the tractors, follow these the tractors the front or Also, the release to the front or rear the front or as the section earlier this chapter. the LF/FF to the to the the as the section. the release to the and the chapter) to the
the release back to the the and cover. the and right to the of the smoother the and the the the right of the to clear when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form the cover The when the cover the the as shown below. Also, the the A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P from the tractor To the Tear to feed the perforation to the tear-off of the cover. If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off Chapter Tear off the Press the Load/Eject to the backward of the and the tear off the button. feeding Switching Continuous and the tractor the front or easily switch and single-sheet without the
Switching to sheets To switch from to sheets, follow these If sheets the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the tear off back-feeding through the back-feeding too back-feed easily off their and the Press the The the to the The attached to the the path. the release to the single-sheet the to match the of You as A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Switching to To switch from back to follow these If the path, the to the release to the or The the to the when to and of other types, such as postcards, and of to the thickness or that software the within the the thickness to when to ordinary
the thickness the thickness to match the thickness of to the below. type thickness Thin or Ordinary or sheets sheets postcards to thin such as or thick or to A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P both single-sheet and You single-sheet both the front and top You from the front, rear, and only You of to four including the the thickness to the You the as sheets or with should the tractors The from the front or rear. from the rear, optional required. from the front, optional tractors (the tractor or Continuous earlier this chapter. to the as Chapter the within the of the information the the only operating single-sheet that bound the top the top or front path. (If to that the the front path.) that of
selecting choose the type mounted sheet with with tractor. to as sheets the properly. from the front or rear) with the the tractor You them the that the thickness to Continuous with the or Tear buttons. easily off the and the Since to and humidity, them operating the they around the and when To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P You from the top following the below: the thickness to match the thickness of the feed the the operating the of the head. the within the of the the You from the front and top operating the to Card the Tear the Tear light and information. the of the than inches), the top the operating from the top information.
Sign-off: Chapter the Lights Other features the Selecting instruction the the Tear-Off Function tear-off the Tear A5 Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P This chapter covers of including the lights and buttons, the and other The lights the the of the and the buttons Lights (red) On when the of or On when the ready to or the cover or the to The light flashes when the function or the head too the
Tear lights, The Tear selection lights: On, Both lights off when the tear-off You Card Font (three lights, The selection three lights the On, Others the selected the On when from the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Tear off Card Others* the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Press this to turn the or off. Press this to temporarily and to To the function, this least seconds when the Press to this function. this chapter Press this to single-sheet or to the the normally automatically. If single-sheet already the this to the If the or tear-off this to to the LF/FF feed/form feed) Press this to the the to of or to the top of the You this to of from the cut-sheet or to feed from the to the the
Tear Press this to to the tear-off Press to the to the top-of-form used, this to the cut-sheet feed postcards, this to Card Font Press this to of the following or Other. Other the selected the Press this to characters. Press to to character The the as only; slightly. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Other The to other To the below, the while of buttons, as follows: Chapter LF/FF Chapter Activates the the this chapter. and LF/FF Prints the input as and characters. the the of Chapter the this chapter. Font and Activates the this the
the The functions of the While of these functions through software or to from the through the To the and the while turning the The instruction Follow the instructions this and this section. The the indicated arrow the instruction Selecting instruction Follow these to the which to the of the instructions: Press the Font the Font lights the to select. Press the Tear to selection. Press the to the instruction the Follow the below to functions and The and the instruction and the the Press the Font the Font lights the item to Press the Tear the to that function indicated the Tear and lights. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter and to the Tear the the selected. the off the The following the and their function the Function Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC ISO 1T, ISO MAZOWIA, MJK, PC774, ISO PC LAT. International character U.S.A, Germany, U.K., Italy, Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, front tractor inches inches High On, Software ESC/P2, IBM Interface I/F, Option I/F interface On, On, the
Function tear off On, feed On, CR On, AGM On, On, On, On, The selected the to Other the The following the and These effective when IBM2391 selected. This section each of the Character character as as other countries. the character International character You characters the character to Since these characters often other they countries and to as international character the character Font You The following indicated the and cant selected and A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P front and rear through the front or tractor, the to of the following: or inches. High high the to (characters second) If to You or bidirectional normally bidirectional; however, allows Software ESC/P the operates the EPSON ESC/P IBM, the IBM Interface The interfaces: and (optional). You choose optional, or the interface interface The which interface and switches to that interface the of the (when received from the selected interface the amount of specified). You specify seconds or seconds. the
The input from The input to 64KB of free other while the the off, the the the to each character the perforation This when selected. this the one-inch the and the first the their top and should this them. tear-off with the front or tractor, this the perforation to the tear-off where then easily tear off the the the to the top-of-form and of the tear-off (off), the tear-off function manually pressing the Tear the Tear Function this chapter information. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the each (CR) received with feed (LF) the each (LF) or ESC /180-inch feed) (CR) and the the to the this off, the CR the feed to the to the This IBM only. Graphic (AGM) AGM the advanced graphics commands those ESC/P2 IBM this The off. The character when this when the off. This allows to easily distinguish O character and The when Troubleshooting Chapter information. If the to this off. this as single-sheet the release to the single-sheet This that the and advanced to the with the LF/FF the
The allows to with however reduced. To the and buttons while turning the You this when the You this the off the canceled. Each to this the as this section. The allows to or 1/360-inch You this to the and tear-off This section to the section information the tear-off The the of the the If appears too high or the the with the as follows: the turned If necessary, the cover the or single-sheet the the three seconds. The light flashing. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Press the to the the or the LF/FF to the the the perforation and the the with the top of the This top the
The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the Press the or to the to the both and the this turned off and back the Tear-Off Function finished the tear-off to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off the back to the that normally You the tear-off the to tear-off or the Tear the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the
A5 Sunflower-P If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off using the as the section. the tear-off to they off their and the The tear-off only when mounted the front or tractor. when using the (top) tractor; the off the (top) and the tear-off the tear-off the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off when the of or and three seconds. Select tear-off the as earlier this chapter. the selected correctly the turn off the to from the and then the front or (as Chapter the the perforation of the to the tear-off Tear off the
the the back to the and If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off the as the section. You tear-off when the when the release to the single-sheet tear-off to off the or touching the Tear when the (top) tractor. the Tear when the (top) tractor, the Tear to to the tear-off following the below: finished. Then the Tear the lights the The the to the tear-off Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the earlier this chapter. the the back to the and (You manually the back to the the Tear A5 Sunflower-P the
A5 Sunflower-P using bidirectional that the properly To this the as follows: the the while the The instructions printed, with the first of Follow the instructions the off the and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the information about the command. the
Sign-off: Chapter Cut-Sheet the high capacity cut-sheet Loading with the high cut-sheet the cut-sheet Switching and the cut-sheet Selecting single-sheets, postcards, or Tractor Interface Cards interface The C82305 and C82306 interface A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P This chapter to optional with including cut-sheet tractor, and interface cards. Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with High LQ-2070 C80673 C80674 The the which country. EPSON the country. both cut-sheet them as cut-sheet This allows to of the cut-sheet cut-sheet following the instructions the that with The cut-sheet with the high capacity cut-sheet the high cut-sheet the turned off. the and the cover.
If the optional the tractor the the optional tractor, and to them the cut-sheet Gently the head to the the cut-sheet both and both of the the notches the mounting the the cut-sheet the the the as shown the cover. You ready to with cut-sheet To the cut-sheet the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the printhead while the turned this the Also, the head become cool touch
A5 Sunflower-P Loading with the high capacity cut-sheet the high cut-sheet as follows: Turn off the the the with the arrow the back of the Next, the right to match the of the the
the the the and to allow of to then the and of the to the the The of the should the back of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back the to the the A5 Sunflower-P the cut-sheet
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the and or the selection as shown below. the cut-sheet sheets using the top or the front The cut-sheet when to the (as as the light You the the cut-sheet You the high cut-sheet to the cut-sheet to cut-sheet the cut-sheet information. You the cut-sheet without the high capacity cut-sheet the assembled cut-sheet the the high capacity cut-sheet earlier this chapter.
Select the the Tear The light of the currently selected You to specify the software Switching and the cut-sheet You easily switch and cut-sheet operation without the Switching to If sheets the path, the to them. the release to the the selection to the of the the and the back of the as A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Switching to the cut-sheet If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the The the to the The attached to the tractor the path. the release to the single-sheet the cut-sheet selection to the single-sheet Selecting single-sheets, postcards, or You single-sheet postcards, or the the first the to the the to the
Tractor The optional tractor (C80032 easy (The the of the which country.) You the optional tractor as front tractor. The with It with the tractor. Also, tractors front Chapter instructions. You the rear tractor. The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with the of to the Chapter To the follow the below. This option countries. Turn off the and the release the single-sheet A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the to the when the the the leading of the straight across. the through the of the the and the that from the of the
Bring the leading of the the and the the and the cover. Turn the The automatically. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The EPSON interface below with (Not interfaces Card type C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82310 C82311 32KB C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82331 Ethernet interface The the which country. If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces, interface Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface
the screws the shield plate to the back of the and the the interface the both of the interface to the the back of the interface the internal Then the screws and them. To the interface the A5 Chapter Sunflower-P
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P The C82305 and C82306 interface To the C82305 or C82306 interface the sections below information the and other such as and interface Selecting You from the following rates: and second). To the the bit-rate selection interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the increases to bytes, the outputs X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the the Transporting the A5 Chapter Sunflower -P and Transportation
A5 Chapter Sunflower -P Cleaning the To operating its should it thoroughly Follow these the turned off. Then as as the the optional and cut-sheet to and from the If the outer or dirty, with cloth with the cover and the cover to from the Warning: to the or or thinners to clean the these chemicals the and the or the of the with the and Transportation
the Ribbon becomes to the the EPSON or below containing ribbons only, The ribbons to the ribbons the EPSON ribbons to properly with EPSON their high operation and the head and other other Ribbon LQ-2070 S015086 S010033 To the follow the the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter Warning: If the recently, the head cool to the ribbon. The four which the The of the country. A5 Sunflower -P and Transportation
A5 Chapter Sunflower -P the If to the and as below: Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the the optional tractor, cut-sheet or the the the protective locking to the and then the the screw. the and the and them the and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting The The or characters or graphics Printed characters what The what properly Continuous properly The feed properly with the cut-sheet Continuous properly when using the tractors A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P should the of using the as Chapter If the properly, the the software, or interface If the or service If or to isolate the and To off the Next, the LF/FF and buttons while the Then from The the This section related to the supply. The lights the light If permanently attached to the that the properly the that the properly the If the outlet switch or another such as the outlet to whether the operating properly. Troubleshooting
The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to this section The The light off nothing printed. that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the both the and specifications. The and lights flashing and the three The of the The light and nothing printed. Press the to off the light and that the closed. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P The sounds nothing printed. The properly. Follow the Chapter to correctly. The the The thickness incorrectly. the type of The abruptly and the lights flash. Turn off the and the head cool. Then, or other to If the correctly, The occurred. Turn off the and If the three to the or the cover If the and the release the If the once, operation. the functions Chapter If the correctly, off and or service Troubleshooting
The or Printed characters the The properly. Chapter instructions. The The the as Chapter The thickness properly. the thickness Chapter characters or graphics of the the as If the correctly, the The head Stop and to the head replaced. there too the or the the as Chapter A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Troubleshooting
A5 Sunflower-P Printed characters what The or characters with software that the software correctly instructions, Chapter The selected the software Select the software The what too high or too the or the of the top of the You the the LF/FF button the match the of the the software and necessary. If the the the Chapter the to off the the Chapter Troubleshooting
this section sheets feed properly feed. the the the release to the and feeding crooked or the Turn off the and the the correctly. straight the the right type of the the that the cover closed. the release and thickness correctly. completely. the LF/FF to the the cover closed. The too that within the specified the the A5 Sunflower-P Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P properly The the that the release pulled to the If the to the The off the tractor. the to the tractor. feeding crooked or the the the upright and the release and thickness correctly. The of supply from feeding straight. the supply obstructed. supply within of the the cover closed. the tractor correctly. that the the of the with each other. Also, the locked and their covers closed. that the and thickness within the specified the the The and tractor correctly. both tractors, that the both evenly. Troubleshooting
The too the of the to the of the rotating the of the tractor. The properly. Tear off the the then the LF/FF or to feed the the Tear-Off Function switch sheets and the and the light You to the release while the the release to the and the Then the this section with optional The feed properly with the cut-sheet The feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly as Chapter You too the cut-sheet the than A5 Sunflower-P Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P the head. and the the of the correct. the the diamond-shaped There the or sheets You too sheets the cut-sheet the than sheets. You to the of the the and The properly. Too to together. The crooked. The or creased. sheets of There too the the thickness correctly. the correctly and the and the specifications. Troubleshooting
One of that the and software correct. the Chapter The type when switching the cut-sheet and tractor. The release the the to or the back to Continuous properly when using the tractors crooked or The tractor and correctly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the of the tractor. A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Sunflower-P Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Specifications A-2 A-2 A-4 A-7 Printable A-8 Mechanical A-9 A-10 A-11 A-11 CE A-12 Interface specifications A-12 A-17 commands A-17 the command summary A-17 Commands Topic A-18 operation A-18 feeding A-18 A-19 motion A-20 Font selection A-21 Font A-23 Character A-24 Spacing A-27 Graphics A-27 A-28 A-29 Character A-32 International Character A-32 Graphics Character A-32 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-1 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P Specifications Characters Quality Characters/second inch High The thickness or overheated head the A-2 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Printable Character characters Bidirectional text and graphics spacing: inch or of inch msec 1/6-inch feed inches/sec. feed) 0K or 64K Character other character Character international character and character Scalable Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-3 A5
A5 Sunflower-P sheets (CSF): both front and Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Rear: to to inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to both front and Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Rear: to to inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to the top of with front entry) operating only inches) inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to operating A-4 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Postcards*: both front and Width: to to inches) Length: inches) Rear: to to inches) Thickness: inches) operating Continuous and front, rear, and Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to to to of or (both Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-5 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 with front and inches) to to inches) to to inches) thickness: to to inch) thickness: to to inch) inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to A-6 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
the arrow The to the of the arrow Rear the The to the of the Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-7 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P sheets, and postcards: The top inch). The inch). The right inch). sheets, the inches); however, the inches). sheets than inches), the increase to match the of the C The inch). Continuous The top and and below the perforation inch). The and right inch). The inches). A-8 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Printable Printable C C Printable
The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches). Mechanical Paper-feed Friction feed (front and rear) Ribbon life: characters (LQ character) amount: head) head life: Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-9 A5 Sunflower-P Printable tractor front:with optional tractor C80032 tractor with optional tractors C80032 front:with optional tractors C80032 feed (front, rear, and with optional C80032 Cut-sheet (option C80673 C80674
A5 Sunflower-P (W) (D) (H) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) 120V Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated A* (ISO Insulation 10M AC and chassis, DC V) strength: AC or AC AC and chassis) the character type. 230V Rated AC to AC to Rated to to Rated A* A-10 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
(ISO Insulation AC and chassis, DC V) strength: AC AC and chassis) the character type. to 35C (operating, to 25C to 60C Humidity: to RH (operating, to RH to RH to shock: G, within (operating) G, within to G, (operating) G, UL1950 with D3 CSA C22.2 with D3 EMI: FCC CSA C108.8 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-11 A5 Sunflower-P without when postcards, or
A5 Sunflower-P EN (TV, SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, FIMKO) EMI: EN (CISPR Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC: EN60950 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC: EN55022 EN50082-1 IEC801-2 IEC801-3 IEC801-4 Non-Automatic Directive 90/384/EEC: EN45501 Interface specifications The bidirectional, interface and optional interface as A-12 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
interface IEEE-P1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL (IEEE-P1284 The following the assignments and their respective interface GND In/Out* STROBE latched of the DATA1 input to the 0:LSB DATA2 DATA3 DATA4 DATA5 DATA6 DATA7 DATA8 7:MSB ACKNLG This that the received and ready to BUSY This high that the ready to PE This high that the of SLCT high when the Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-13 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P GND In/Out* AFXT Not used. INIT This the ERROR This occurred. SLIN Not used. This pulled to through This pulled to through Chassis Chassis GND. GND GND. NC Not connected. In/Out shows the of flow from the of interface IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 A-14 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
The to the the affirmative when the 00H or 04H, which 00H: of 04H: ID of The following the assignments and their respective GND In/Out* clock DATA1 input to the 0:LSB DATA2 DATA3 DATA4 DATA5 DATA6 DATA7 DATA8 7:MSB clock and or AckDataReq/ Acknowledge and or and or INIT Not used. and or 1284-Active active Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-15 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P GND In/Out* Logic-H high that other sourced the peripheral This pulled to through Chassis Chassis GND. GND GND. NC Not connected. In/Out shows the of flow from the of A-16 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Commands commands actions software. Software commands the to typeface, the amount each the and The commands this summary. software these commands yourself. commands the software software the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. The software should the and the summary The following section and the commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of further information about using commands, the ESC/P Reference published EPSON. Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-17 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC EM Loading/Ejecting Select of CSF Select of CSF R feeding ASCII Hex. CR 0D Carriage FF 0C LF 0A ESC Select 1/8-inch Spacing ESC 1/6-inch Spacing ESC /180-inch Spacing ESC 2B /360-inch Spacing A-18 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin ESC Right Margin right ESC Format ESC Top ESC C Units ESC C of ESC C of ESC C of inches ESC 4E Margin Continuous of ESC 4F Margin Continuous Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-19 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P motion ASCII Hex. ESC from ESC 5C Relative ESC ESC from top ESC ESC ESC to terminated HT A-20 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character the the 1/60-inch this command. the the 1/120-inch and 1/180-inch LQ this command.
ASCII Hex. ESC to should VT 0B Vertically ESC 4A /180-inch Font selection ASCII Hex. ESC 6B Select Typeface Orator-S C OCR-B ESC Select Font Pitch and ESC pitch to pitch Select or or T, and H) other typefaces) Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-21 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P ASCII Hex. ESC Select ESC 4D Select ESC Select ESC Turn On/Off ESC Select Quality or Quality ESC Select Font ESC Font ESC Select Font ESC Font ESC Select To the of together the of the to from the below: double-width cond. A-22 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Font ASCII Hex. SI 0F Select DC2 SO 0E Select Double-Width ESC Turn Double-Width On/Off DC4 Double-Width ESC 2D Turn On/Off ESC Turn Double-Height On/Off ESC Select ESC ESC Select ESC Select ESC ESC Select Character Normal with ESC 2D Select ESC Strikethrough selected Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-23 A5
A5 Sunflower-P Character ASCII Hex. ESC 3A Copy ROM to RAM or Typeface ESC Select International Char. USA Norway II UK II L. ESC Character ESC first character character of character of character right of character each ESC Normal ESC 5E as Characters ESC amount of of as characters A-24 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
ASCII Hex. ESC Select Character Select character assigned ESC or downloaded characters from to ESC of With graphics character this command the of ESC ESC Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-25 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P ASCII Hex. ESC Assign Character ESC Assign Character Table and to or Character PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC LAT* PC BRASCII 1A 7F ISO 1F ISO 1T* 7F ISO 1D ISO 1B MAZOWIA* 1C MJK* areas. A-26 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Spacing ASCII Hex. ESC Motion (HMI) Pitch /360-inch ESC SP Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and ESC Unit ESC positioning as inch or Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC 2E Graphics ESC graphics DPI DPI of ESC Select Graphics ESC or Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-27 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P ASCII Hex. ESC 2A ESC A-28 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
ASCII Hex. ESC Select ESC Select EAN EAN Interleaved of UPC UPC POSTNET inch (1/180-inch Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-29 A5 Sunflower-P The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inch; the inch.
A5 Sunflower-P ASCII Hex. to the The of each type The the following characters of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters A-30 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character character (HRC) of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C the the The HRC the The HRC the 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B
The of each type below. If included the the printed. EAN13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with printed. when of the the right and and text the The of A, B, or C) as the firstdata of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The inch the Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-31 A5 Sunflower-P 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C
A5 Sunflower-P Character International Character Graphics Character PC (United States) A-32 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-2
PC PC PC PC Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-33 A5 Sunflower-P A-3 A-4
A5 Sunflower-P PC BRASCII ISO A-34 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-5
PC PC Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-35 A5 A-6
A5 Sunflower-P PC PC PC PC A-36 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
PC PC ISO 1T ISO Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-37 A5 Sunflower-P A-7
A5 Sunflower-P MAZOWIA MJK A-38 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-8 A-9
PC ISO PC LAT Character Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-39 A5 Sunflower-P
A5 Sunflower-P A-40 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Sign-off: Sunflower-P ASCII American Information assigning to and feed this selected the each (CR) line-feed (LF) bidirectional which the head both This increases the of The of the memory to character of numbers, and that with the characters characters inch of the of text characters. which each character approximately of the of characters. actually characters inch. or spreadsheets the that both perforated and to such (as or feed) instead of characters. characters inch DR, A5
DR, A5 Sunflower-P or that when the turned or initialized. dithering of to or of which each or of One of of character high-speed ESC/P This the of commands to It and software computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this such as and graphics. of type such as or feed and that the to the top-margin troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that as as the ASCII that the characters. the to its of interface The the and the
One of readability and appearance reduced feed (LF) and that the The to which the loaded. It with the The that the The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the of tractor optional that through the RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and as characters. To to its the operation of the the the the characters its ROM Memory). software that such as or tear off feed that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the DR, A5 Sunflower-P
DR, A5 Sunflower-P tear-off The to which the the the of You the using the top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top-margin which the head only. Unidirectional useful graphics allows
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. Phone: EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February
Printed