This English and Spanish. The English section this The Spanish section the of the
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and ESC/P of Corporation. and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-17641
Introduction This covers the following information to the the Troubleshooting Product Information Although of the this the LQ-590, the instructions apply to both the LQ-590 and the LQ-2090. to injury. to Notes information and about information about to the Reference It the optional products, software, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. and the Reference If about software, the which when the software. options such as cut-sheet or further Optional interface to built-in interfaces. the Reference information.) You purchase and from the SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Introduction
Introduction
the This chapter to and Unpacking the the following items. Follow the the Notice to the protective the and protective to the the Choosing the the The properly or or the to and humidity. it from sunlight, light, heat or or (LQ-590 only) (LQ-2090 only) Ribbon software the
the outlet where easily the cord. the and interface they with feeding. French-speaking users: fiche switches or timers. interruption information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. grounded Assembling the the turned off and Then the cover and to the the each and the
to the head to the of the the from the The top of the with To release the of the and the from the however.) the its and the as shown below; then both of the to the the You should hear Ribbon the
the the head clicks to or crease the ribbon. Turn the ribbon-tightening to the the lowering the mounting Then both clicks To the cover, the front the the and the cover Then clicks. the top of the cover as shown. Then the the
the when the tractor the front or Connecting the to with both interface and USB (Universal interface. It includes optional interface type of interface. the Reference to interface You to both interfaces; the switches to the interface when To to built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair with the To the to USB shielded USB both the and turned off, then the or USB to the the other to USB the
There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, the the AC the back of the and the other properly grounded the Software the to to the software the CD-ROM shipped with The the software that or With such as and The software XP, or NT and includes (which displays information and of the Reference information. the software XP, or NT If information. If the New Found or other appears when If the Not appears, If the The software CD-ROM includes the which the the Remote the
Follow these to the software: and the turned off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD the appears: If the CD-ROM. Select and You this Software and You the software the and The and this the
Turn then the software to (This If prompted to the CD-ROM, to follow instructions the the and the Then to and follow the instructions to the Reference and the Remote utility. If the the CD-ROM, the the CD-ROM and OK the appears, the to with the If that the and Click and the the Then OK and follow the on-screen instructions. Select the the and OK prompted, the software CD-ROM and to the path. If that the and If appears, If using NT, to path. If the If follow the instructions the the to the Reference and the the
DOS To the from DOS to the or another from the Choose the the the or If the include choose the first from the following the LQ-590 the LQ-2090 LQ-580 LQ-200 LQ-2080 LQ-200 LQ-300+ LQ-500 LQ-2070 LQ-500 LQ-300 LQ-860+ LQ-1070 LQ-860+ LQ-870 LQ-2550 LQ-870 LQ-2550 LQ-570 LQ-2500 LQ-850+ LQ-2500 LQ-850+ LQ-800 LQ-850 LQ-800 LQ-850 LQ-1500 LQ-510 LQ-1500 LQ-510 and the Reference To the Reference Reference the and The and LQ590-2090 Reference appears To the Reference the LQ590-2090 Reference You (or EPSON LQ590-2090 Reference and Reference the Remote The Remote easy to Follow these to XP, or NT: Select EPSON Remote the and the
the this Click Next and follow the instructions the the (If the the The Remote the its with option and the which to the To the (or Remote and then Remote To the (or Remote and then Remote If using or XP and the to the this of the following: the the to the LPT2 Then Remote to or the as the to the to LPT1. the to the USB instead. the
Chapter This chapter covers instructions to and information, the Reference the Release to the release to the to as the below. Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front Rear tractor with the the or when using the and tractors with the the front or when the front and tractors from the top of the the You the front, rear, or
the Paper-Thickness the paper-thickness the type of Turn the off and the cover. The paper-thickness located the of the The to the the thickness the to this type sheets or Carbonless with: Continuous with the F C) or lower, or F C) or higher, the paper-thickness higher to quality.
Loading with the Tractor the turned off. Then the front cover and the tractor the front (You to from the or If the LQ-2090, the cover from the front cover. (If to temporarily the front cover and then the cover from to the when to from the release to the front the paper-thickness to the thickness. the Paper-Thickness instructions. Release the and right the backward.
the approximately inch from the and the to Then the right to match the of the front cover it straight clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the with the the the covers. the right to the then the
the front cover with the as shown. the the and the to the of the Turn the the the and If the first appears too high or its the function as Additionally, when using the tractor, to the tear-off function the to On information. the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form Loading with the Rear Tractor the turned off, the the and the (You to the from the front or the release to the rear Release the and right the
the inch from the and the back to Then the right to match the of The top of the the furthest to the where clean, straight Then both covers and the first four of the with the the tractor the covers. Then the right to the and the the and the the to the of the Turn the the the and If the first appears too high or its with the function. the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form
Loading with the Tractor the turned off, and the cover the the and the the (You to the from the or front the release to the Release the the the approximately inch from the and the back to Then the right to match the of the to the clean, straight Then the covers. the off the the If the while the Edge
the the front or as shown below the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the front the front cover. Then with the the with the facing four of the the both Then the covers. the right to the then the to the
If the front the front cover. If the LQ-2090, the from the front cover the front cover. to the cover when to from Turn the the the LF/FF the the without the If necessary, the top of the function the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the cover the front the then lowering the the cover. to the The from the top-of-form the cover and tear off the the perforation the
Removing from the tractor tear off the supply the perforation the To and the LF/FF the or Tear when using the tractor; the off the and the Loading with the You ordinary sheets and from the top of the the The to inches the LQ-590 and the LQ-2090. To single-sheet forms, the front with the front (LQ-590) or the front (LQ-2090) information, the Reference or the
the the upright Then the paper-thickness to ordinary single-sheet (If using the release to the single-sheet Turn the necessary. the to the the Next the right to match the of of with the and the The the and ready to If the first appears too high or the function to the top-of-form information.
Loading Follow the this section when single-sheet and postcards. Continuous the paper-thickness the as ordinary the inch thickness. that or Thick such as with straight to thick the front or Single-sheet To single-sheet the front with the optional front or front Thick such as with straight to information, the Reference the type of that mounted with with tractor to of the feed properly. Thick such as with straight or straight path. You the front (to the tractor) or tractor) The with the as that ordinary the paper-thickness to
It to with the tractor. the or front tractor. with from the rear the curved, off their sheets the and that or the or Tear backward, easily off the sheet and to and humidity, them operating to F to C) to RH the they around the and when Removing with To from off the and the follow these to with from the Tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the feed using the or Tear backward, easily off the and
You feed the or the optional high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet the paper-thickness to or the thickness of the information. To follow the instructions Loading with the to the and the top of the the first. To the Reference The head the or right of the or other thick within the of Specifications the Reference information the of If the with the arrow the You feed using the or using the optional high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet The the front or postcards, the paper-thickness to and the release to the single-sheet
To follow the instructions Loading with the To cards, the Reference first, them the top A6 cards, them first. the the Tear the Tear light the Function The function allows to the or 1/180-inch to the tear-off and top-of-form the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the function to the perforation to the tear-off as below. tear-off off the the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off
You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the cover, then the LF/FF to backward, or the to the perforation with the tear-off of the cover. The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the Tear off the Press the to off the the back to the top-of-form and Tear-off of the perforation
the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the function to the top-of-form as below. top-of-form turn off the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the (If the tractor the to to the top-of-form If necessary, the cover the the three seconds. The light flashes and the Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the Press the to
The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You this as reference when the The top selected software the top-of-form with the function.
Chapter the This chapter the and lights the Selecting and pitch the and Lights Button/Light Function Font (Item Selects of the Selecting Font and Pitch Font lights Indicate which selected. (Font and both the Font and Pitch buttons Pitch) the clears the and its Pitch (Item Selects of the pitch Selecting Font and Pitch Pitch lights Indicate which pitch selected. Item selects the Item selects the the
Tear to the tear-off Tear Both when the tear-off lights the Pitch (Item and Tear buttons buttons the the or the lights the both lights Loads of the three seconds, the this the LF/FF and to the top-of-form or tear-off the Function LF/FF when temporarily, and when light On when the light On when the selected or correctly. the from the tear-off to the top-of-form Selects cut-sheet when selects Both off when the tear-off or when of the optional cut-sheet selected. light when Card selected. Right light when of the optional cut-sheet selected. Ejects of Loads from the to the loaded. Ejects or to the top-of-form when three seconds, Flashes when the when or
Selecting Font and Pitch Usually, to the and pitch to of the pitches) with the the as below. (The usually from the The pitches the select: Font Pitch HSD PS* PS* PS* Others PS* You other to the the selecting Others the information about the Font that the If the to Then the Font the three Font lights the HSD Others On, Flashing the
Press the Pitch the three Pitch lights the pitch. (The pitches which select.) PS On, the While often the through software or to or of the There to this: the Remote the software CD-ROM. the instructions the Remote the Remote the CD-ROM. To the below. information about the Reference The following shows the options each front inches: inches: perforation On tear-off On On the
Software ESC/P IBM PPDS I/F (interface) USB, Option I/F seconds seconds I/F bidirectional On CR IBM On PPDS A.G.M. (IBM PPDS); IBM PPDS Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character U.S.A. Germany, U.K., Italy, Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, feed second, seconds seconds, seconds On On IBM character Table On Follow the below to If single-sheet loaded, to each the the and loaded. Then the buttons (Item and the and both the lights The and showing which currently selected the instructions. (The selected On the
If the Item the shows the Press the to the The to the To of the the The the and then the first to To through the the Item or Item The the first and its Press the to through the options the selected the Press the Item or Item to the or to change. other to finish, the to become the the
Chapter Troubleshooting This chapter the and to clear and troubleshooting information, Reference If the the information the Where To the the following to Light the selected The release to the of ejected. The correctly. Continuous to the the the or the light off. Then the the light off and the and correctly. Chapter or the Reference the release to the the to If from another currently the path, the to the then the release to the Press the to the Tear off the perforation; then to feed to the To clear the Troubleshooting
Light The head overheated. Tear Font light Pitch light On, Flashing Three Clearing Turn off the and the cover. If the tear off the fresh supply the perforation the Turn the the of the counterclockwise to the the and torn of the the of the to clear only when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off If the where the the of the the cover and the the light flashing and the light off. Troubleshooting the once the head unknown or serious occurred. Turn off the and off then turn the
the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the the Reference and to the You the or of least the following type LQ-590 LQ-2090 (including inches inches perforated sheet A4 or A3 and the turned off. To the using the turn the while holding the LF/FF To the using the the Load/Eject while the Either the of however, the than the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the to If the the to the Then off the off the while it the the to and the Load/Eject to the off the Troubleshooting
Where To If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information, the information below. technical hours through the services and telephone services below. Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services hours Telephone Services To these services, tone telephone and of the following SoundAdvice SM to SoundAdvice: the LQ-590) or the LQ-2090). To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or apply. please the following information ready: Product LQ-590 or LQ-2090) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Troubleshooting
Product Information Instructions Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the or or heat the It properly or or cover the and the and through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the outlet the the cleaning and with cloth only. the as specifically the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. This the head and other to that they touch those the used. them cool touching them. Product Information
ENERGY STAR FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the users This Class of the Interface Causing toutes Product Information ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The International ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P363A/P363U (LQ-590 V/LQ-590 UPS) P364A/P364U (LQ-2090 V/LQ-2090 UPS) EPSON AMERICA, INC., LIMITED WARRANTY What Inc. warrants to the first of the with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of three years from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the What To Correct Should the warranty please the EPSON SM or warranty instructions and authorization, required. its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or repaired to the of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. warranty service, of the of purchase. Product Information
What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover to the caused and manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover or third or peripheral to the its from boards or chips. warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. and incurred warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC., NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to To Authorized Servicer the the United States. write to: Product Information Inc., P. O. CA