Sign-off: cover front thickness shield plate interface front front DR, A5 front cover Sunflower -E Ref. tractor release cover-1 cover-2 cover-3
A5 Sunflower-E Sign-off: EPSON LQ-2170 rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this Corporation and its or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. EPSON service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective Copyright Corporation,
A5 Sunflower-E This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference- Causing Regulations. FCC United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Prof. J. H. AT The that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): M. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. A5 Sunflower-E According to ISO/IEC and EN Product LQ-2170 P910A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN Directive 90/384/EEC: EN
A5 Where to United States EPSON and service through nationwide of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services the U.S. and through the EPSON Technical with the installation, and of EPSON products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer Relations EPSON technical information service Product and products You purchase ribbons, and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations.
CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, free introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory CompuServe ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and and other or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products (UK) Limited. A5 Sunflower-E
A5 information Warning This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the the terminals as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or with the earth or coloured or and yellow. The to the the with the or coloured The connected to the the with the or coloured red. If to the the or with of the and
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or near or heat or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. A5 Sunflower-E
A5
Sign-off: Introduction EPSON and high performance with of features offering the high-quality and ease of to from EPSON the following: High of to characters featuring and from the front and four as as and of to four that allows selection of of advanced EPSON ESC/P commands and IBM with A4 Software including and that and easily A5 Introduction Introduction
A5 Introduction The following options Cut-sheet (High capacity, C80673 C80674 to of or without reloading. You cut-sheet combining the high capacity and tractor (C80032 when with the tractor, which allows to with 8.5-inch that with Interface to the built-in interface. Introduction
to This This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter information testing, and connecting the to this chapter first. and include information and operation of Chapter to optional with Chapter information, including Chapter troubleshooting If the properly or the what this chapter of and The the specifications, commands, and character At the of the A5 Introduction Sunflower-E Introduction
A5 Introduction and Notes This the following Warning to to to Notes information and the operation of Introduction
Sign-off: Chapter the Choosing the Unpacking the the Ribbon Cartridge the the Connecting the to the Microsoft users DOS DOS A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Choosing the selecting to to follow these the enough to the the interface to reach around the easy operation and locations that to sunlight, heat, or properly grounded the where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. of information the memory of or the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the
If to follow these that least that the of than from If cut-sheet the If to through the of the choose that path. and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the that the straight the tractors A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the
A5 Chapter the should include EPSON and the following items: only) locations the permanently attached to the the to There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country, the
the Ribbon Cartridge the that the the cover and off. the head to the (the of the Warning: the head while the turned this the Also, the head become cool A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the
A5 Chapter the from the of the and the the with the ribbon-tightening facing the of the the that the notch each of the fits the each of the the and clicks both the
the and the the head. Press the clicks the or creased and that the head. Turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. the head from to to smoothly. A5 the
A5 Sunflower-E the cover first the front the the front of the then the the the of the the the the
the the the and the the cover The when the cover A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the
A5 Chapter the the turned off. the the back of the to the matches that of If the rated and outlet match, the cord. If the attached to the the to the AC the the properly grounded the You the or with or sheets. You the from the rear, front, top, or The following to the single-sheet from the top. Chapter information the
The the the currently selected the off and the the release to the single-sheet the the while turn the the LF/FF while the A5 Chapter the
A5 the to the arrow Then the right to match the of the least inches) otherwise, the head directly the the and the the
sheet of the the to match the of seconds, the the to the and the the cover The when the cover To the temporarily, the To the the then turn off the of typical A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the
A5 Chapter Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the to to built-in interface. Follow these both the and turned off; then the securely the interface the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
the The EPSON software that of The EPSON that with includes the software as as to the through DOS. Microsoft users the of If follow the the section to the If instructions. the users Follow these to the the EPSON (or B, From the choose A: SETUP (or B: SETUP then OK Select LQ-2170 ESC/P as the and The automatically. Click OK The LQ-2170 the LQ-2170 as the If to the or assignment, the the group. A5 Sunflower-E the
A5 Sunflower-E the users Follow these to the using the To the using the plug-and-play IEEE-1284 (ECP or EPP bidirectional information. the and the to the (The to Turn off and necessary. Turn the first; then the If the You the New If the New please follow the the while instead. the Then the from of the other buttons. The the the New this the then OK This appear the
Click OK You the From the If the A, OK the the Copy from and OK At the type the the that the as shown. The the to and to the the assign. To the as the the Click the Next the YES to Click the Choose the the correctly. If correctly, choose and follow the the To the Checking the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter the while Follow these to the the the Double-click the Double-click the Click the Next Select the or Network Then the Next Click the the containing the A: WIN95 (or B: WIN95 then OK Select the then the Next Select the to with this Click the Next Select the or to the Click the Next button. Click the to Click the that appears, choose the satisfactorily. If it satisfactorily, choose and follow the that appear the
Checking the should that the match While the with the to the following: The inch The of the the The of the or Tractor, feed, or users Follow these to the the the Double-click the highlighted, and the the Select the the from the If the the arrows the right to through the The the to the select. Select or The the to the select. Select the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter the Click to the option You intensity clicking the arrow to or You dithering choosing or Follow these to the the the Select then Right-click Choose The appear. Click the and the the from the If through the and the The the to the select. Select or The the to the select. Select the Select the the Graphics other wish, and OK when finished. the
DOS users DOS software include EPSON ESC/P Also, DOS to from of to the If the LQ-2170 included the software to there updated or the first from the below. LQ-1070/1070+ LQ-870/1170 LQ-850+/1050+ LQ-850/1050 LQ-510/550/1010 LQ-200 LQ-500 LQ-860+/1060+ LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800/1000 LQ-1500 DOS instructions selecting the DOS with the EPSON and EPSON You EPSON to from instead of the Also, EPSON to properly A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the To the follow these the containing the From the DOS type A:SETUP (or B:SETUP then the that appears, the and C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. You the directory or the Press the to the EPUTIL directory C (or to the directory specified the EPSON To EPSON follow these From the DOS the directory to the C To the EPSON type PRNSET and To the EPSON type CALIBRAT and Follow the instructions the to the
Sign-off: Chapter Selecting the the release Loading from the top Loading from the front Selecting the and tractor Loading the front Loading the rear tractor Loading the tractor Loading the from the Switching Continuous and Switching to sheets Switching to the thickness A5
A5 Sunflower-E Selecting the The type of with front, rear, and that mounted and top. This chapter the of and includes the feeding to the release to the release the type of and feeding to The release four with indicating the type of and each PULL
You sheets of from to to inches) You from the top or front of the Loading from the top the release to the single-sheet the and the A5 Chapter Single-sheet positionfor sheets (including and postcards), whether from front, top, the optional cut-sheet or the and front tractor positionfor when the the front. Rear and tractor positionfor when the tractor the rear. tractor positionfor when the tractor the top. this from the front, rear, or
A5 Chapter Turn the the to the arrow the Then the right to match the of the and the
the the it seconds, the the to the You ready to the cover The when the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Loading from the front the release to the single-sheet and the front cover. the the Turn the the as shown below. the arrow the information the
While the and right with the the seconds, the the to the You ready to the cover The when the the the right of the to clear when the off. Otherwise, the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the Load/Eject A5 Chapter Sunflower-E
A5 Sunflower-E The allows to through the front, rear, or You from to to inches) To to the tractor the front or the release correctly. The Selecting the tractor and The below the to feed the release to the indicated the Tractor release tractor and front Rear and
supply with the the the smoothly the If feed through the that enough to from the without obstruction. You the tractor as front or tractor; the tractor to feeding The rear the front tractor the the front to from its (top) the tractors while off the the turned off. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the front and the both and straight of the front that bound the rear tractor. This type of from the front tractor. the tractor the mounting as shown below. You ready to with the front tractor. To the its and it of the
the the the top to it from its (front) the tractors while off the the turned off. the cover and and off the both of the clear the front of the and off the the thickness to that it wasnt installation. the thickness this chapter the Warning the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the tractor the mounting as shown below. To the tractor its back, and off the Loading the front tractor the turned off. the front as shown below. the the front mounting and the release to the front tractor
Release the the backward. the as shown below. the arrow the information the the Then the right to match the of A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E clean, straight Then the covers and the of the the tractor the covers. the right to the then the front the and right to the of the path.
Turn the the the the cover The when the You the to the the the the as shown below. the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form Loading the rear the turned off. the cover and A5 Chapter Sunflower-E
A5 Chapter the release to the Release the the
the to the of the the the as shown below. the the information the Then the right to match the of clean, straight Then the covers and the of the the the covers. A5 Chapter Sunflower-E
A5 the right to the then the cover and the the as shown below. the the the and right to the of the Turn the the the the The when the cover You the to the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form
Loading the the off. the and the tractor the tractor and the release to the tractor Release the the A5 Sunflower-E
A5 Chapter the to the of the using the the rear of the as the the information the Then the right to match the of clean, straight the covers and from the top, rear, or Then the of the the the covers. the right to the then
the cover and the the as shown below. the the the and right to the of the Turn the the the the The when the cover You the to the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form A5 Chapter Sunflower-E
A5 Chapter Loading the To the and tractors first purchase the optional tractor. Chapter information options. The tractor To the tractor, follow these the the tractor and the release to the front or tractor the front or tractor as the previous the LF/FF to the to the the to the tractors as the section. the release to the and the chapter) to the the release back to the tractor the and cover.
the and right to the of the the and the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form the The when the cover the the as shown below. the the Removing from the To the Tear to the perforation to the tear-off of the cover. If the perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off Chapter Tear off the Press the to feed the of the and the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E tear off the feeding Switching Continuous and the the front or easily switch and single-sheet without the Switching to sheets To switch from to sheets, follow these If sheets the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the tear off back-feeding through the back-feeding too sheets back-feed easily off their and the Press the The the to the The attached to the tractor the path. the release to the single-sheet the to match the of
You as earlier this Switching to To switch from sheets back to follow these If the path, the to the release to the or tractor The the to the when to and of other types, such as postcards, and of to the thickness or that software the within the the thickness to when to ordinary A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the thickness the thickness to match the thickness of to the below. type Thin or Ordinary or to operating (5C or the to quality. operating high (35C or the higher to
both single-sheet and You single-sheet both the front and top You from the front, rear, and You of to including the the thickness to the You the as or with should the the and from the front or rear tractor. from the front, the optional tractor because the or Loading earlier this chapter. to the as Chapter the within the of the information the the only operating single-sheet that bound the top the top path. (If to that the top or the front path.) that of and waves. A5 Chapter Sunflower-E
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E selecting choose the type mounted with with tractor. to as the properly. from the front or rear) with the the You them the that the thickness to Continuous earlier this chapter with the or Tear buttons. easily off the and the Since to and humidity, them operating the they around the and when To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the
You from the top following the below: the thickness to to to match the thickness of the feed the the it operating the of the head. the within the of the the You from the front and top only operating the Card using the Tear the Tear light and Chapter information. the of the than inches), the top the operating from the top Chapter information. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter
Sign-off: Chapter the Lights Other features the Selecting instruction Selecting items and item Tear-Off tear-off the Tear A5 the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E This chapter covers of including the lights and buttons, the and other The lights the the of the and the Font Pitch Tear Tear Card Others Lights (red) On when the of or On when the ready to or or the cover The light off, the to The light flashes when the function or the head too the PS LF/FF
Tear lights, The Tear selection displayed lights: On, Both lights off when the tear-off You Card (three lights, The selection displayed three lights the On, Others the selected the A5 Chapter Sunflower-E Tear off Card Others the
A5 Pitch (three lights, The pitch selection three pitch lights: On, of the lights when Press this to the or off. Press this to temporarily and to least seconds when the the the function. Pressing this function. this chapter Press this to single-sheet or to the the normally automatically. If single-sheet already the this to the If the or tear-off this to feed to the the PS spacing)
LF/FF feed/form feed) Press this to the the to of or to the top of the You this to of from the cut-sheet or to feed from the to the Tear Pressing this to the tear-off and the to the top-of-feed sheets used, selects the cut-sheet feed the Card selected) to postcards. Font Press this to of the following or Other* Other the selected the Pitch Press this to of the following pitches: or (PS). The the as only; slightly. A5 Chapter the
A5 Other The to to other To the below, the while of buttons, as follows: Chapter LF/FF Pitch Activates the the this chapter. and LF/FF Prints the input as and characters. and the this chapter. the
the The basic of the While of these functions through software or to from the through the To the Pitch while turning the The instruction Follow the instructions this and this section, to the Selecting instruction Follow these to the which to the of the instructions: Press the Pitch the Pitch lights the to select. Press the Tear to selection. Press the Font to the instruction. Selecting items and Follow the below to items and their The items and the instruction sheet and the the Press the Pitch the Pitch lights the item to Press the Tear the to that item indicated the Tear and lights. A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the
A5 and items to the Tear the the selected. the off the The following the items and their item the following section. Item Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC ISO 1T, ISO MAZOWIA, MJK, PC774, ISO PC LAT. International character U.S.A, Germany, U.K., Italy, Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, front tractor inches inches High On, Software ESC/P IBM Interface I/F, Option I/F interface On, the
Item On, tear off On, feed On, CR On, AGM On, On, On, On, One of the selected the to Other the The following selected the and These effective when IBM2391 selected. item This section each of the item Character character as as other the character International character You characters the character to these characters often other they countries and to as international character the character A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E Font You The following indicated the and cant selected and front and through the front or tractor, the to of the following: or inches. High high the to (characters second) If to You or bidirectional normally bidirectional; however, allows Software ESC/P the operates the EPSON ESC/P IBM, the IBM Interface The interfaces: and (optional). You choose optional, or the interface the
interface The which interface and switches to that interface the of the (when from the selected interface the amount of specified). You seconds or seconds. The input from The input to 64KB of other while the the off, the the the to each character the perforation This when selected. this the one-inch the and the first the their top and should this them. tear-off with the front or tractor, this the perforation to the tear-off where then easily tear off the the the to the top-of-form and of the tear-off (off), the tear-off function manually the Tear Tear this chapter information. A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E feed the each (CR) with (LF) the each feed (LF) or ESC /180-inch feed) (CR) and the the to the this off, the CR the to the to the This IBM only. Graphic (AGM) AGM the advanced graphics commands those ESC/P2 IBM this The off. The character when this when the off. This allows to easily distinguish O character and The when Troubleshooting Chapter information. this as single-sheet the release to the single-sheet This that the and advanced to the with the LF/FF the
The allows to or 1/360-inch You this to the and tear-off This section to the section information the tear-off The the of the the If appears too high or the the with the as follows: the turned If necessary, the cover the or single-sheet the the three seconds. The light flashing. A5 Chapter the
A5 Press the to the the or the LF/FF to the the the perforation and the as shown. This The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the the
Press the or to the to the both and the this off and back Tear-Off finished the tear-off to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off the back to the that normally You the tear-off the to tear-off or the Tear the If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off using the as the previous section. the tear-off to they off their and the when using the tractor; the off the and the A5 Chapter Sunflower-E the
A5 Chapter tear-off the tear-off the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off only when the of or command and three seconds. Select tear-off using the as earlier this chapter. the selected correctly the off the to from the and then the front or (as Chapter the the perforation of the to the tear-off Tear off the the back to the and If the perforation the tear-off the tear-off the as the previous section. You tear-off when sheets the when the release to the single-sheet Dont the tear-off when the tractor. tear-off to off the or touching the Tear when the tractor. the
the Tear Whether or the tear-off the Tear to to the tear-off following the below: finished. Then the Tear the lights the The the to the tear-off Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the earlier this chapter. the the back to the and (You manually the back to the the Tear bidirectional that the properly To this the as follows: the the while the The instructions printed, with the first of Follow the instructions the completing off the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the information about the command. the
Sign-off: Chapter Cut-Sheet the high cut-sheet Loading with the high cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet Switching and the cut-sheet Selecting single-sheets, postcards, or Tractor Loading with the and the optional tractor Interface Cards interface The C82305 or C82306 interface A5 Chapter Sunflower-E
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E This chapter to optional with including cut-sheet tractor, and interface cards. Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with High capacity LQ-2170 C80673 C80674 The the which country. EPSON the country. both cut-sheet them as cut-sheet This allows to of Assembling the cut-sheet this chapter. cut-sheet following the instructions the that with The cut-sheet only with the high cut-sheet the high cut-sheet the off. the and the cover.
If the the If the optional the the and optional tractor them the cut-sheet the head to the installation the cut-sheet both and back the each the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Release the and the cut-sheet the the the as shown the cover. You ready to with cut-sheet To the cut-sheet the A5 Chapter Warning: the head while the turned this the Also, the head become cool
A5 Chapter Loading with the high capacity cut-sheet using the high cut-sheet as follows: Turn off the the the with the arrow the back of the Next, the right to match the of the the the the the and to allow
of to sheets); then the and of the to it the the the of the right that it matches the of the allows the to and freely. back the to the the the and or the selection as shown below. the cut-sheet sheets the top or the front The cut-sheet when to the (as as the light You the A5 Chapter the cut-sheet
A5 Chapter Assembling the cut-sheet You the high capacity cut-sheet to the cut-sheet to cut-sheet the cut-sheet option information. You the without the high the assembled cut-sheet the the high capacity cut-sheet the section. Select the the Tear The light of the currently selected You to specify the using software Switching and the cut-sheet You easily switch and cut-sheet operation without the Switching to If the path, the to them. the release to the tractor the selection to the of the the and the back of the as
Switching to the cut-sheet If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the The the to the The to the the path. the release to the single-sheet the cut-sheet selection to the single-sheet Selecting single-sheets, postcards, or You single-sheet postcards, or using the the first the to the the to the A5
A5 Chapter Tractor The optional tractor (C80032 (The the of the which country.) The with the optional with the front Chapter instructions. You the tractor. from the front with the top, the optional tractor the tractor Loading with the and the optional tractor the turned off and the tractor the tractor the and off the the optional the tractor as the Chapter The optional tractor the that the release the tractor the the tractor as Press the LF/FF to the to the
the to the tractors the release to the tractor and Chapter to the the release back to the tractor the and cover. the and it the using than the the and the back of the as the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with the of to the Chapter To the follow the below. This option countries. Turn off the and the release the single-sheet A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Position the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the to the when the the the leading of the straight across. the through the of the the and the that from the of the
Bring the leading of the the tractor and it the the tractor as shown below. the and the cover. Turn the The automatically. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The EPSON interface below with (Not interfaces C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82310 C82311 32KB interface C82312 LocalTalk interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82331 Ethernet interface The the which country. If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces, interface Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface
the screws from the shield plate the back of the and the the interface the both of the interface to the the back of the interface the internal Then the screws and them. To the interface the A5 Chapter Sunflower-E
A5 Chapter The C82305 or C82306 interface To the C82305 or C82306 interface the sections below to the and other such as and the C82305 or C82306 interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the selection the C82305 or C82306 interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that it ready to
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the A5 Sunflower -E and Transportation
A5 Chapter Sunflower -E Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these the turned off. Then as as the and the optional and cut-sheet to and from the outer If the outer or dirty, with clean cloth with the cover and the cover to from the Warning: to the or or thinners to the these chemicals the and the or the of the with the and Transportation
the Ribbon becomes to the the EPSON below EPSON ribbons to properly with EPSON their high operation and the head and other other Ribbon Ribbon LQ-2170 S015083 S010031 To the follow the the Ribbon Cartridge Chapter Warning: If the recently, the head cool to the ribbon. The four which A5 Chapter Sunflower -E S015086 S010033 and Transportation
A5 Sunflower -E Transporting the If to using the and as below: Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the the optional tractor, cut-sheet or the the the protective locking to the and then the the the the and the and them the and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting The The or characters or graphics Printed characters what The what feed properly properly The feed properly with the cut-sheet properly when using the tractor with the A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
A5 Sunflower-E You the operation of the the Chapter If the properly, the the software, or interface If the or service If or to isolate the and To off the Next, the LF/FF and while the Then from The the This section related to the supply. The lights the that the properly the If the switch or another such as the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. Troubleshooting
The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to this section The The light off nothing printed. that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the both the and specifications. The and lights flashing and the three The of the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. Follow the to correctly. The the A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The and then abruptly Turn off the and the head cool. Then, or other to If the correctly, The occurred. Turn off the and turn If the three to the or the cover If the and the release the If the once, operation. the Chapter If the correctly, off and or service The or Printed characters the The properly. Chapter instructions. The The the as Chapter Troubleshooting
The thickness properly. the thickness characters or graphics of the The head and to the head replaced. Either there too the or the the as Chapter Printed characters what The or characters with software that the software correctly instructions, Software Chapter The selected the software Select the software A5 Chapter Sunflower-E Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The what too high or too the or the of the top of the You the the LF/FF the Chapter sheets, the the first of correctly then too the or the from the of the as follows: normally what choose the the right to choose. include option to the If and 11-inch the to the ActionPrinter T-1000, which To the right that top and to and then of from to the the first This If the top or increasing the or both, the Troubleshooting
You the 11-inch try the inches. whether using or choose sheets. match the of the the software and necessary. If the the the Chapter the to the the Chapter this section with sheets properly feed. Continuous the the the release to the and A5 Chapter Sunflower-E Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter feeding crooked or the Turn off the and the sheet straight the using the right type of the specifications the that the cover closed. completely. the LF/FF to the the cover closed. The too that within the specified the the Continuous properly The tractor the that the release pulled to the If the to the The off the tractor. the to the tractor. Troubleshooting
feeding crooked or the the the upright The of supply from feeding straight. the supply obstructed. supply within of the the closed. that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the and thickness within the specified the the The properly. Tear off the the then the LF/FF or to feed the Tear-Off Chapter switch sheets and the and the light You to the release while the the release to the and the Then the A5 Chapter Sunflower-E Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E this section with optional The feed properly with the cut-sheet The feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly as Chapter You too the cut-sheet the than sheets. the head. and the the of the correct. the the diamond-shaped There the or You too the cut-sheet the than sheets. You to the of the the and Troubleshooting
The feed crooked. The or creased. of There too the the correctly and the and quality. the specifications. One of that the and software correct. the Chapter The type when switching the cut-sheet and the tractor. The release the the to or the back to sheets. A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Sunflower-E properly when the with the tractor feed crooked or the The tractor and correctly. both tractors, that the both evenly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the of the tractor. Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Specifications A-2 A-2 A-4 A-7 Printable A-8 Mechanical A-9 A-10 A-11 A-11 CE A-12 Interface specifications A-12 Commands A-17 commands A-17 the summary A-17 Topic A-18 operation A-18 feeding A-18 A-19 motion A-20 Font selection A-21 Font A-23 Character A-24 Spacing A-27 Graphics A-27 A-28 A-29 Character A-32 International Character A-32 Graphics Character A-32 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-1 A5 Sunflower-E
A5 Sunflower-E Specifications Characters Quality Characters inch High The thickness or overheated head the A-2 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Character characters Bidirectional and graphics spacing: inch or of inch feed msec 1/6-inch inches/sec. feed) 0K or 64K Character other character Character international character and character Scalable Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-3 A5 Sunflower-E
A5 Sunflower-E sheets (CSF): both front and Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Rear: to to inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to both front and Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Rear: to to inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to the top of with front operating only inches) inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to operating A-4 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Postcards*: both front and rear Width: to to inches) Length: inches) Rear: to to inches) Thickness: inches) operating and front, rear, and Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to to to of or (both Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-5 A5
A5 Continuous with front and inches) to to inches) to to inches) thickness: to to inch) thickness: to to inch) rear Width: inches) Thickness: to to inch) to to A-6 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
the arrow The to the of the arrow Rear the The to the of the Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-7 A5 Sunflower-E
A5 Sunflower-E Printable and postcards: The top inch). The inch). The right inch). the width inches); however, the inches). sheets than inches), the increase to match the of the C The inch). The top and and below the perforation The and right inch). The inches). A-8 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Printable Printable C C
The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches). Mechanical Paper-feed Friction (front and rear) Ribbon life: characters (LQ character) amount: head life: Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-9 A5 Printable feed front:with optional C80032 with optional tractors C80032 front:with optional tractors C80032 (front, rear, and with optional tractor C80032 Cut-sheet (option C80673 C80674
A5 Sunflower-E (W) (D) (H) 120V Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated A* Insulation 10M AC and chassis, DC V) strength: AC or AC AC and chassis) the character type. 230V Rated AC to AC to Rated to to Rated A* A-10 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Insulation AC and chassis, DC V) strength: AC AC and chassis) the character type. to 35C (operating, to 25C (operating, to 60C Humidity: to RH to RH (operating, to RH to shock: G, within (operating, G, within to G, (operating) G, UL1950 with D3 CSA C22.2 with D3 EMI: FCC CSA C108.8 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-11 A5 Sunflower-E without when postcards, or
A5 EN (TV, SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, FIMKO) EMI: EN (CISPR Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC: EN60950 EMC Directive 89/336/EEC: EN55022 EN50082-1 IEC801-2 IEC801-3 IEC801-4 Non-Automatic Directive 90/384/EEC: EN45501 Interface The bidirectional, interface and optional interface as A-12 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
interface IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL (IEEE-1284 The following the assignments and their respective interface GND In/Out STROBE latched of the DATA1 LSB input to the DATA2 DATA3 DATA4 DATA5 DATA6 DATA7 DATA8 MSB ACKNLG This that the and ready to BUSY HIGH that the to PE HIGH the of Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-13 A5
A5 Sunflower-E GND In/Out SLCT HIGH when the AFXT Not used. INIT LOW to the ERROR This LOW when the SLIN Not used. This pulled to +5V through +5V This pulled to +5V through Chassis Chassis GND. GND. GND. NC Not connected. In/Out shows the of flow as from the interface IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: to IEEE-1284 specifications to IEEE-1284 specifications IEEE-1284 to IEEE-1284 specifications A-14 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
The to the the affirmative when the 00H or 04H, which 00H: of 04H: ID of The following the assignments and their respective interface GND In/Out latched of the DATA1 LSB input to the DATA2 DATA3 DATA4 DATA5 DATA6 DATA7 DATA8 MSB Used to to the host. LOW then HIGH to indicating to that then then HIGH then follows then Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-15 A5
A5 Sunflower-E GND In/Out LOW to that peripheral to Then high to acknowledge of that high to to phase. INIT LOW to the This LOW when the 1284-Active HIGH high that other sourced the +5V This pulled to +5V through Chassis Chassis GND. GND GND. NC Not connected. In/Out shows the of flow as from the A-16 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Commands commands actions software. Software commands the to typeface, the amount each the and The commands this command summary. software these commands yourself. commands the software software only the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. The software should the and punctuation. the summary The following section and the commands topic. If command If they explained. The indicated lowercase The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of further information about commands, the ESC/P Reference published EPSON. Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-17 A5
A5 Sunflower-E Commands Topic operation ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC EM Loading/Ejecting Select of CSF Select of CSF R feeding ASCII Hex. CR 0D FF 0C LF 0A ESC Select 1/8-inch Spacing ESC Select 1/6-inch Spacing ESC /180-inch Spacing ESC 2B /360-inch Spacing A-18 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin ESC Right Margin right ESC Format ESC Top ESC C Units ESC C of ESC C of ESC C of inches ESC 4E Margin Continuous of ESC 4F Margin Continuous Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-19 A5 Sunflower-E
A5 Sunflower-E motion ASCII Hex. ESC from ESC 5C ESC ESC from top ESC ESC ESC to terminated HT A-20 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character the the 1/60-inch this command. the the 1/120-inch and 1/180-inch LQ this command.
ASCII Hex. ESC to should VT 0B ESC 4A /180-inch Font selection ASCII Hex. ESC 6B Select Typeface Orator-S C OCR-B ESC Select Font Pitch and ESC pitch to pitch Select or or T, and H) other typefaces) Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-21 A5
A5 ASCII Hex. ESC Select ESC 4D Select ESC Select ESC Turn On/Off ESC Select Quality or Quality ESC Select Font ESC Font ESC Select Font ESC Font ESC Select To the of together the of the to from the below: double-width cond. A-22 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Font ASCII Hex. SI 0F Select DC2 SO 0E Select Double-Width ESC Turn Double-Width On/Off DC4 Double-Width ESC 2D Turn On/Off ESC Turn Double-Height On/Off ESC ESC ESC Select ESC Select ESC ESC Character Normal with ESC 2D Select ESC Strikethrough selected Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-23 A5 Sunflower-E
A5 Sunflower-E Character ASCII Hex. ESC 3A Copy ROM to RAM or Typeface ESC Select International Char. USA Norway II UK II L. Spain ESC Character ESC first character character of character of character right of character each ESC Select Normal ESC 5E as Characters ESC amount of of as characters A-24 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
ASCII Hex. ESC Select Character Table character assigned ESC or downloaded characters from to ESC of With graphics character this the of ESC ESC Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-25 A5 Sunflower-E
A5 ASCII Hex. ESC Assign Character ESC Assign Character Table and to or Character PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC LAT* PC BRASCII 1A 7F ISO 1F ISO 1T* 7F ISO 1D ISO 1B MAZOWIA* 1C MJK* areas. A-26 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
Spacing ASCII Hex. ESC Motion (HMI) Pitch /360-inch ESC SP Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and ESC Unit ESC positioning as inch or Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC 2E Graphics ESC graphics DPI DPI of ESC Select Graphics ESC or Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-27 A5
A5 ASCII Hex. ESC 2A Select ESC A-28 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
ASCII Hex. ESC Select ESC Select EAN EAN Interleaved of UPC UPC POSTNET inch (1/180-inch Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-29 A5 Sunflower-E The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inch; the inch.
A5 Sunflower-E ASCII Hex. to the The of each type The the following characters of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters A-30 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character Check character (HRC) of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C the the The HRC the The HRC the 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B
The of each type below. If included the the printed. EAN13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. when of the the right and text and text the The of A, B, or C) as the firstdata of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The inch the Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-31 A5 Sunflower-E 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C
A5 Character International Character Graphics Character PC (United States) A-32 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-2
PC PC PC PC Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-33 A5 Sunflower-E A-3 A-4
A5 PC BRASCII ISO A-34 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-5
PC PC Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-35 A5 A-6
A5 Sunflower-E PC PC PC PC A-36 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
PC PC ISO 1T ISO Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-37 A5 Sunflower-E A-7
A5 MAZOWIA MJK A-38 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-8 A-9
PC ISO PC LAT Character Specifications, Command Summary, and Character A-39 A5
A5 A-40 Specifications, Command Summary, and Character
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. Phone: EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February