Reference first instructions, and then this to information about the topics the right. Read first instructions, and then this to information about the topics the right. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Loading Continuous Onto the Rear Tractor Loading Onto the Tractor the Printed From the Tractor. Removing With the Ribbon Cartridge. Clearing If Unexpectedly. XX-00
Loading Continuous Onto the Rear Tractor To the tractor, follow the below. with the tractor; the off the and the To with to purchase the optional tractor (C80032 cover the cover and both covers, and the the first four of the the Then the covers. To from the path, the The the to the where the from the that clean, straight to If which or thickness, to the of the or the thickness Chapter of the instructions.
the the cover, and the release to the tractor the cover Loading Continuous the Rear Tractor
Loading Continuous Onto the Tractor To the front tractor, follow these To the front tractor, to purchase the optional (C80032 and the front the front the the of and then the both and straight of the To from the path, the The the the where the from the both covers, and the first four of the the tractor Then the covers. that clean, straight to If of or thickness, to the of the or the thickness of the instructions.
the front the the as shown. with that the tear-off off to If backward, the off the sheet and the the front and the release to the front tractor the To off the tear-off the Chapter of the instructions. Loading Onto the Tractor
the Printed From the Tractor To the from tractor, follow the below. To from the optional tractor, Chapter of the the Tear lights flashing. (You to the Tear the Tear lights flashing, the tear-off the the to the top-of-form and from the front the cover, and tear off the the tear-off To feed the from the tear-off to the the from the
Removing Continuous With To off the and the follow the below when with from the front tractor. that the finishes You to the to the the light Tear off the fresh supply of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the the Load/Eject or Tear button. backward, easily off the and the Printed From the Tractor Continuous With
the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON S015086. becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They operation and of the head and other To the follow the below. Warning: You to the head to the If the the head touching Press the to off the The off when the of the with the protectors as shown. the head while the the the from the the cover. Then the cover its back and straight and off the
the head cool touching Then the head to the (the of the hand. the tractor the when the head the the and and of the the Ribbon Cartridge
the Cartridge the from the and Then the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. ribbon-tightening the with the ribbon- the front notches the each of the as shown. Then the that the notches the
Gently the the both and the the head the twisted or creased and that the head. Then the clicks Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the Ribbon Cartridge
the Ribbon Cartridge the head from to to the cover and the smoothly. cover.
Clearing To clear follow these Press the to off the If ejected of the the cover. If from the rear the Clearing the Ribbon Cartridge
Clearing If the tear off the fresh supply the perforation the Turn the the right of the from to the the of Turn the only when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off
the necessary. the cover and the cover. Press the to turn the the and lights off. Clearing
If Unexpectedly... the lights and follow the instructions below. information, Chapter of The Press the to You the release while from another the path. the then the to the selected or correctly. off the light, necessary. the Clearing to the Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light. of ejected. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clearing The and the light the release back to the and the to feed the of the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary.* *If the tractor, instructions. The and lights The light flashing and the light Printed