and Lights Tear (Pitch/Font) lights** when the tear-off otherwise, the lights the selected Pitch Selects pitch and the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off Chapter the **Font the the to the Tear The Tear lights off or to the selected LF/FF when and released. Ejects or to the top-of- when of Ejects of loaded. from the backwards to the light On when the selected or when correctly. Flashes when or occurred. temporarily, and when three seconds, the To off, light On when the Flashes when the the Flashes when the head overheated.
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P2 of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
to EPSON LQ-1150 high- and performance Its of to The to of types, including (with and to three sheets, cards, and High-speed of to (characters second) (characters inch) or with the and other software, including the EPSON Microsoft or NT The EPSON the of and easily. and Notes This the following to injury. to to Notes information and useful the of to
Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the and the and through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, that the of the outlet the the cleaning and clean with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. to
the and servicing to the following those that covered the operating instructions. If the or If the If the or the If the normally or performance. This the head and other to that they these the used. them cool touching them. to
NERGY TAR C The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused to NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
Chapter the the Choosing the Assembling the the Attaching the the or the the Connecting the to the interface the interface the Software. the software or NT DOS the
Unpacking the the items shown the below, the should include EPSON software CD-ROM and Notice that everything included the the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country of purchase; the the right location. There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, the
You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to these and protective to the the It should its Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. outlets switches or timers. information the memory of or Also outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the
the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded If to follow these that least that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the
Assembling the This section with information to and the of this the of the the The first assembling the the Follow these to the the the the and the the fits the the
Attaching the You should the the Follow these to the the the backward. and then fits of the and the the notches the the
another and the the notches of the other the another and the the notches the the other the Follow these to the the
the switch the turned off. It off when the the the back of the to the the matches that of If the attached to the to the AC the the properly grounded or the the that the Follow these to or the the turned off. the of the switch If the rated the and outlet match, the cord.
the to the upright then to the the and the from the the
that the head inches) from the as shown below. If the and then, off the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to the
the the as shown; then both of the to the the pointed such as to the the head and the
Turn the ribbon-tightning the of the arrow to the should twisted or creased. the and the cover. becomes to the To the first the head inches) from the Then the the both and of the the
the the built-in function to that the properly. You the with or sheets. The below the sheets, which the Follow these to the the turned off. that the paper-release back to the single-sheet and the the upright as shown below. You should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the the
While holding the LF/FF the the the Next, the right to match the of the
of the The the and the To temporarily, the PAUSE To the the Press LF/FF to the then off the of typical If the satisfactorily, Troubleshooting. If correctly, to the section. the
Connecting the to includes both IEEE-1284-compatible interface and EIA-232D interface. the upright, as shown below. (This to the to the interface as below. You to both interfaces; the switches to the interface when the interface You shielded, twisted-pair than to the interface. Follow these to the to the using the interface: Turn off both the and the the
the securely the interface the together they both of the the other of the the interface (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the If there ground the of the to the ground located to the right of the interface the
the interface You that DB-25 the to the interface. Follow these to the to the using the interface: Turn off both the and the the securely the interface Tighten the screws both of the the
the other of the the interface and then the screws both of the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the to the or necessary. About If there ground the of the to the ground located to the right of the interface the
the Software the to to the software included the EPSON software CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The the software that or With such as quality, and EPSON or NT The EPSON of and displays information. To the software, the software or NT If DOS, DOS software and NT If to LQ-1150 those operating the
the software or NT Follow these to the software or NT the software or NT If information. If to of the software CD-ROM, the CD and the the that appears, the based and follow the on-screen instructions. If the of the EPSON software, of the EPSON software or installation. If the New or other appears when and follow the below. If the Not appears, If the as below. or NT and the off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. If the Click the CD-ROM then from the Then (If using the the Double-click the and then the the
Double-click to the software installation, then follow the instructions the the or NT the EPSON information and the software, Chapter the Software. DOS To the from DOS to the using or another from the of Choose the EPSON LQ-1150 the the or of DOS If the include the LQ-1150 choose the first from this LQ-2180/LQ-2080 LQ-200 LQ-2170/LQ-2070 LQ-500 LQ-1070/1070 LQ-860 LQ-870/1170 LQ-2550 LQ-850 LQ-2500 LQ-850/1050 LQ-800/1000 LQ-510/550/1010 LQ-1500 If the software to the
the the Selecting built-in About Continuous with the from the Switching back to sheets with the the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off Loading the paper-thickness and Cut-sheet tractor the
the You operationssuch as feeding, feeding, and ejecting and selecting with the buttons the The lights the information the buttons and the lights the and Lights the front cover. Selecting built-in Follow these to built-in the buttons the that the If the three seconds to the The light to flash. The three Tear (Pitch/Font) lights the selection. Press the Pitch repeatedly to through of the selections; then when reach the with shown the selection the from the to and pitch. The Pitch directly OCR-B, Orator-S, or H. To of these first the to it as the other and then Others the Pitch selected the
About The While often these through software or to from the the The following the and the options the The the instructions the The options the country of purchase. These when IBM PPDS selected. tractor* inches: perforation On, tear off On, feed On, Software ESC/P2, IBM PPDS High On, I/F I/F seconds, seconds BPS Parity I/F bidirectional On, the
Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, (PS), (PS) CR (IBM PPDS)** On, A.G.M. (IBM PPDS)** On, second, seconds, seconds, seconds tear off seconds, second, seconds, seconds, seconds On, On, The options the country of purchase. These when IBM PPDS selected. the
This allows to the inches) perforation This only when selected. On the one-inch the and the first the the from the should this top and using tear off tear off and using with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and of the feed feed the each (CR) with and the to the If the every return, You bidirectional or normally bidirectional however, allows which useful graphics. the
to the the and which Software ESC/P2 the operates the EPSON ESC/P2 IBM PPDS, the IBM The character when this turned It when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the and High choose On the to (characters second) (characters inch) or choose the to or I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface. If connected to or the interface the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which the
I/F (interface) This when I/F (interface) to This the when from interface whether through the other interface. You seconds or seconds the interface this option to the the interface. The measured and software the Parity this option to The used, of and software the the of the interface to or and software the I/F bidirectional The interface bidirectional when this turned If bidirectional unnecessary, this off. the
to AUTO to from the included the software CD-ROM that with the Turn off this when from based other operating such as DOS. Character You character International character You international character the character Each character characters that the country or the to Font You the The selected appears Others the The indicated the selected the CR This the IBM PPDS each (LF) or ESC This the to the of the A.G.M. Graphic This the IBM PPDS A.G.M. the advanced graphics commands those the ESC/P2 the
feed This the amount of the the and when If the its to satisfaction, increase the The when the Indicators information If the to when this off. this the that the to the and to the when the LF/FF Follow these to the and the To the instructions, four of A4 or single-sheet or four of that least inches) and inches) If sheets without optional cut-sheet to of each the and the turned off. the
While holding the Pitch the The the the sheet of necessary. The the Press the Pitch Font The the instructions (three or four the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the using the buttons the off the and the them from inches) to inches) where the tractor, it as tractor or tractor. The following where to the tractor: the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the Turn off the when finished
to switch and without the supply? tear off sheet-by-sheet? the the tractor (The with the this the following section. or other that the as tractor. with the tractor instructions. with the using the tractor, to the tear off the to On About Follow these to the tractor: the turned off. the cover and the and the paper-release the the
Release the the the the the as The to the right of the the back to Then the right to match the of the the the
clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and the the the the right of the to clear and only when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form the
To the incoming from the the and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the click. Turn the the cover closed. Press the LF/FF to the to the the automatically. follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or its the the top-of- the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the back to the the
from the tractor Follow these to the the Tear (Pitch/Font) lights flashing. the cover, then tear off the using the tear-off of the If they to the Tear as to the If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the
the cover. To to the where the the Then the covers of the tractor and the tear off the feeding Switching back to sheets To switch to the button; the the backwards the Then, follow the Loading tear off the feeding the the the back to the top-of-form and
with the To the tractor, the tractor to the as through this If already this the turned off and to the the right of the to clear and when the off. the or it to the top-of-form Turn the off; then the cover and the Next, the the and the from the Finally, the release to the using the tractor, the tear off the to otherwise, the the
the tractors both and then the to from the the tractor to the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the the should the notches the
Release the the the the or the as shown below, and the the the as The to the right of the the
the that its match the of the the and the Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and then the gently the from the or
To the incoming from the the and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the click. the cover and the with the Turn the the perforation the head. Then the the cover closed, with the cover the it automatically. If to the where the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then the top-of-form the section to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to feed the the
the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top- of-form Follow these the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. the turned If necessary, as this chapter. the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the the
Press the LF/FF cover to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form To the top-of-form the tractor, the following the
the top-of-form the to the Advancing the to the tear-off If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off turning the tear-off the tear-off (as below) to with backwards; they off their and the the First inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the
Advancing the to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or feed the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these to the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off tear-off off the the Tear (Pitch/Font) lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Pitch to the to the tear- off the cover. the about three seconds. The light to and the the the
Press the LF/FF the tear-off the to the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and the to the backwards, or the to the forwards, the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the tear-off
You single-sheet sheet the of the single-sheet from to to inches) single-sheet or other to the the thickness to the To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet and specifications the of single-sheet Specifications A-4. You the to single-sheet that the top the bound first and Loading You as shown the the without other buttons. the to the the right of the only to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form the
of types, including cards, and and should than inch) from of the information the of Specifications A-4. thicker-than-normal or software the within the the of these the head. the paper-thickness to the thickness Follow these to the thickness the
Turn the off and the cover. The thickness the of the The to the the thickness the below to the thickness. the cover. type (single-sheet or or (single-sheet or 3-sheet to the
You or shingle-sheet of to four three the the thickness as the section. The following that or or single-sheet that the top. the first the only that of and waves. If to the software or the as the top-of-form the with the If this the You the as tractor and from the to the thickness as the thickness the following Choose mounted with with tractor. as sheets, the slightly. the
the as would ordinary with the tractor instructions. to and humidity, them operating the within the Specifications A-4 specifications.) the they around the and when To the from the tear off the fresh supply the of the then LF/FF to the of the backwards through the they easily off the and the If become the the
You individually using the the following the thickness to the the paper-thickness To follow the the the of the the first, the the and the and the within the The head the or right of the or other thick Specifications A-4 specifications.) Its to of Cards You individually the the following only and the the the of the
and Cut-sheet The optional cut-sheet (C80639 to sheets of or without reloading. Follow these to the cut-sheet the turned off. the and the cover. If the the pull-tractor it and the push-tractor the paper-release the single-sheet the
the cut-sheet both and the the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Releasing the the cut-sheet the
the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the the the the and to allow the
of and Next, the and of the to the to of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the the from the and the with the cut-sheet the the the to the cut-sheet as shown below. from Release the or the cut-sheet Release
the to the the Then the right to the of You easily switch and cut-sheet operation. Switching back to sheets of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the feed the properly and (C80034 as option. You the performance of tractors the This with and Follow these to and and tractor: the paper-release pulled to the the included tractor the push-tractor Then the optional tractor the the of the tractor. Continuous To the from the cut-sheet both release and the the when the
Turn the the LF/FF to feed Release the of the and the to match the of the that the both tractors that the crooked. the covers. the of the the tractor of the and the as necessary. Continuous the covers. If there the the and tractors, and the the right of the to the that the crooked or and the the cover and the the
The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with This option Follow these to and the Turn off the and the the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the the paper-release to the single-sheet to the when the the the
the leading of the straight the through the of the the and the the that from the of the Then the Bring the leading of the the and the the the to the the Then the right to the the
You this as the BASE TX (C82378 the interface the with this option instructions installation and the
the
Chapter the Software the with and Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with and NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the About the EPSON Utility. EPSON Accessing EPSON the Software
the with and You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the the Software
To the the top of the the below to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the section to the the four Graphics, and Utility. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to the to their Once and necessary ready to the Software
the with and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the the Software
The screen the following section from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Select or from the of software. The or appears. the Software
that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software
To the the top of the the below to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the The this from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Click the and then to Click the Software
Right-click and The displays the which the and Advanced These the To the the top of the the section to the the software appears, which includes to the the Software
the from which the and Advanced. You the the of the You right- clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the Software
The following the that of The shown below. Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom or and the the that appears. Select or Landscape. Source Select the to Graphics Select the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of Intensity/ the to or Select option from the If turn and increase. Turning off the to with the the the EPSON You the EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON the Software
Explanations the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Click this to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. the this The shown below. Explanations EPSON You the EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON information, EPSON the Software
About the EPSON The EPSON that with or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON only when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional The EPSON when the as If the the or the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as the using the EPSON to the README the This the information the EPSON Follow these to EPSON the as the with and or the with and NT the Software
Click the Preferences The Preferences appears. The following the Software Select the item ON/OFF Notification Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. shared Allow this selected, shared of shared other Click the to items to the Turn this to the selected shared when this selected.
Accessing EPSON To the EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the to the and follow the instruction. the then the EPSON To to the the with and or the with and NT the EPSON as the following appears. You information this the Software
the Software
Chapter Troubleshooting the and Supply. The The or characters or graphics. Printed characters what expected. The what expected properly. Continuous feed properly the cut-sheet the properly. Switching the cut-sheet and the properly the with the tractor, feed properly Troubleshooting
the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If using this to the section. light The the selected Troubleshooting from another currently the path. The correctly. the Press the to the paper-release back to the and the to clear the from the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. and instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. Turn off the the cover, tear off the supply and the to the
light Continuous back to the The head overheated. the lights the flashing of (three of The once when the function of ejected. the unknown occurred. Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to turn off the light, necessary. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as the previous the once the head cooled. Turn off the and off then the If the Troubleshooting
and while operating You the operation of the the If the properly the the the software, or the interface If the or service If or to the and To off the Next, the and LF/FF buttons while the Then from The the The lights the The that the properly the The outlet operating. If the switch or another such as the to whether the outlet operating properly. Troubleshooting
The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned The of the and outlet match. that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to The The PAUSE light off nothing printed. The software properly. that the software properly as the Software the softwares The interface match the of the or both of the interface the both the and specifications. The light and the three The of the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. or the The the Troubleshooting
The the sounds and the abruptly. The or Turn off the and or other The overheated. the cool. Then to If the correctly The sounds and the PAUSE light occurred. Turn off the and If the PAUSE light or If there or service (If when switch and the paper-release the The or Printed characters the The properly. or the The The the as or the Troubleshooting
characters or graphics of the The head Stop and to the head replaced. there too the or the the as or the Printed characters what expected The or characters with software The software properly configured. that the software correctly instructions, Chapter the Software. The selected the software the software. Troubleshooting
The what expected too high or too the or the of the top of the software incorrect. the or top-of-form software. match the of the The incorrect. the software and necessary. If the the and the One-inch to off the and Troubleshooting
properly feed. Continuous the the the paper-release to the single-sheet the to the feeding crooked or the The correctly or of the type. Turn off the and the straight the the right type of the Specifications A-4. completely. the LF/FF to the The too that within the specified the specifications Specifications A-4. feed properly The tractor the The paper-release the that the paper-release to the If off the the and Troubleshooting
The off the tractor. the to the tractor. feeding crooked or the The of supply from feeding straight. that the supply obstructed. that supply within of the the closed. the correct. the the diamond-shaped that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the and thickness within the specified the Specifications A-4. the with the If this the to the The properly. The too Tear off the fresh supply of and the from the that within the specified Specifications A-4. switch and the sounds and the PAUSE light You to the paper-release while remained the the paper-release to the previous and the Then the paper-release Troubleshooting
the cut-sheet the properly The feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly the as Cut-sheet the paper-release back to the single-sheet You too sheets the cut-sheet the head. the correct. the the diamond-shaped There the or You too the cut-sheet You to the of the the and The feed crooked. The or creased. clean sheets of There too the that the correctly and that the and Specifications A-4 specifications. Troubleshooting
One of to software incorrect. that the and software correct. Switching the cut-sheet and the tractor properly The type The paper-release the the to or the back to sheets. the with the tractor, feed properly crooked or the The tractor and correctly. both tractors, that the both evenly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the The caught the that the the and that the correctly. Troubleshooting
Cleaning the A-2 Transporting the A-3 Specifications A-4 Mechanical. A-4 A-6 A-7 A-8 A-8 Printable A-11 A-15 Command A-16 EPSON ESC/P2 A-16 IBM PPDS A-17 Contacting Customer Support. A-18 Customer A-19 A-1
Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly Follow these to the the off. the If tractor or optional to and from the and If the or or dusty, clean them with cloth with the cover and the top of the to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the A-2 to the or or the of the with the EPSON think
Transporting the If to using the and Follow these to the its Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the the If If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the as the the tractor that with the the and their and them the A-3
Specifications Mechanical High LQ LQ Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch Printable feed Friction (top (rear entry) tractor or entry) and (optional) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) A-4
feed Continuous inches/second) 1/6-inch Reliability: head) MTBF POH duty) head Black ribbon: and Height inches) inches) inches) the paper-release Ribbon: Black characters Black characters (LQ, character) Acoustic (A) (ISO A-5
Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE-1284 and One EIA-232D interface 32KB EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C A-6 EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC- A, UPC-E, POSTNET
Character One and graphical character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (French-Canadian), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Character international character and character USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, Norway, II, II, selected only with the ESC command. the the back of the the of Rated to to 270V Rated to to Rated the character type) Appiox. (ISO/IEC Universal (UPS) A-7
to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH cards, and single-sheet and as follows: that or or curled. sheets and cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inch) to to A-8 Humidity (without to C to F) to RH Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inch) Cut-sheet to to
Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Card: inches) Thickness inch) inches) A-9
Continuous and and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to to to of or bound both inches) sheet to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) with optional inches) Thickness to to inch) to to A-10 inch)
Printable sheets, and The top inch) The and right inch) each. C The inch). The inches) and the inches). than inches) the increase proportionally to match the of the C C A-11
The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. A-12 The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the
The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches). A-13
The inch). The right inch). The top inch). C The top/bottom/right/left the inch). A-14 C C The inches). The inches). C C
the The to the of the A-15
Command the EPSON ESC/P2 and IBM PPDS below. EPSON ESC/P2 Selecting EPSON ESC/P2 software allows to advanced and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC (V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC (U Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A-16
ESC (B IBM PPDS This the IBM using the commands below. information, the IBM PPDS reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) A-17
Graphic ESC ESC Download: Download provided. Contacting Customer If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information. Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with A-18
Customer information, and services World (www.epson.co.in) Information specifications, (FAQ), Products and Technical Head Office Offices: Phone: Phone: Phone: A-19
A-20