rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained While every the of this Corporation or Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and ESC/P and ESC/P of Corporation. IBM and IBM PC of International Corporation. Copyright Corporation EPSON
United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of WARNING
TIPS FOR PRINTING ON SINGLE SHEETS There things should about sheets as to sheets, that the first of correctly then too the or that the from the These easy to of the as below to the right it normally what choose the Chapter the right to choose. include option to the If and using 11-inch the to To the right that using top and to and then of from to the the first This If the top or increasing the or both, the You try the 11-inch the inches. whether using or choose sheets.
Where to United States America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the Consumer Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and operation of products technical information service Product with technical and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations.
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should or or heat This should built-in This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third (grounding) This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the outlet of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically the to service this yourself. or those covers that to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often technician to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction advanced that high performance with of features. These features You to characters The four to top, rear, and front. The sheets and ESC/P This and graphics With characters of The the ESC/P commands written other LQ and SQ You choose from and The LQ-570 and LQ-1070 basically the the of their The LQ-570 that to inches) The LQ-1070 that to inches) Introduction
Introduction You choose from options to information these Chapter Cut-Sheet (C80637* LQ-570, C80639* LQ-1070) This cut-sheet to sheets of without reloading. You and manually without the cut-sheet High-Capacity Cut-Sheet (C80638* LQ-570, C80640* LQ-1070) This cut-sheet to of or without reloading. You cut-sheet this cut-sheet to the Pull-Tractor Unit (C80019* LQ-570, C80022* LQ-1070) Although the tractor as tractor, the optional accuracy, which Ribbon Cartridge LQ-570, LQ-1070) optional higher than the ribbon. Interface Cards Optional interface to the built-in interface. choosing the right interface and instructions the Chapter The option numbers, country, the country. Introduction
Around This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter information testing, and connecting the to this chapter first. and include information and operation of Chapter troubleshooting information. If the properly or the what Chapter of and Other chapters information options, specifications, and commands. the of this of terms and and Notes WARNING to CAUTION to to Notes information and the operation of Introduction
Introduction Introduction
the the Checking the Choosing the Assembling the the protective the Attaching the Testing the the the Connecting the to Software the from the
Unpacking the Checking the the the shown below and that locations the attached to the the to CAUTION: There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country, the Ribbon
Choosing the selecting to to follow the below. the the enough to the the interface to reach around the to allow easy operation and CAUTION: locations that to sunlight, heat, or grounded the where easily the cord. switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the
Choosing the If to follow these that least the LQ-570 or the LQ-1070. that the of than from If cut-sheet the If to through the of the choose that path. and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the that the straight the tractors the
Assembling the the protective the and locking protects the the the locking as the the cover and off. both of the clear the front of the and then off. the locking from the paper-tension the with the other to the
Assembling the the the that the If necessary, the cover and off. both of the clear and and off also. WARNING: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching the head to the of the the
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the and to Next, the its and then both of the to the the pointed such as to the the head and Turn the ribbon-tightening to the the head from to to smoothly. that the or creased. the Assembling the
Assembling the the paper-tension the mounting then the front of the Press the front of both of the the first the front the the then You the optional or ribbons the as the should follow the below when ribbon: ordinary only. the paper-thickness to the lowest the
Attaching the the notches the straight the mounting the the the upright the Assembling the
Testing the connecting to the built-in function to that the properly. the to the the turned off. the the back of the to the the matches that of CAUTION: If the rated and outlet match, the cord. If the attached to the to the AC the rear the properly grounded the You the with or sheets. Also, the the from the top, rear, or The following to the single-sheet from the top. Chapter The the first and of The then the DIP-switch and character the
The the the currently selected the turned off and that the paper-release the single-sheet While holding the LF/FF Feed/Form Feed) the The and the seconds, that the the to the Then the right to match the of the Testing the
Testing the CAUTION: the least inches) the LQ-570 or inches) the LQ-1070; otherwise, the head directly the of the it seconds, the the to the and the To the the PAUSE the the PAUSE Press the LOAD/EJECT to the from the and then the off. If satisfactory, Chapter of typical the
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the shielded twisted-pair to to the built-in interface. the interface as below: both the and turned off; then the securely the interface the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the it to the ground the back of the the
Software the specify the type of that the of the features. of these or section that of Choosing from commands, its selection Choose from the following (the the of preference): LQ-510/550 LQ-500 LQ-860 (LQ-1060) LQ-850 (LQ-1050) LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800 (LQ-1000) LQ-1500 If of these listed, the first from the following EX, FX, LX, RX, MX, To the of however, to choose with its If this the of the software to that the LQ-570/1070 the
Chapter Selecting the paper-release Loading from the top Loading from the front Tractor and tractor Loading with the tractor from the Loading with the tractor............ from the Switching Continuous and Switching to Switching to Paper-thickness
Selecting feed from the top and front and from the rear, front, and Also, the tractor as or tractor. You or of these This chapter the of and includes the feeding to the paper-release The paper-release three with indicating the type of and each
This sheets. This from the rear, with the the push-tractor This from the rear, front, or with the the pull-tractor this when both the and the optional tractor. Selecting
of from inches) to inches) the LQ-570 and from inches) to inches) the LQ-1070. You from the top or front of the Loading sheets from the top the paper-release to the single-sheet the the upright Turn the The OPERATE light the
the to the arrow the Then the right to match the of the the seconds, the the to the
CAUTION: the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the LOAD/EJECT Loading from the front the paper-release to the single-sheet and the front cover. Turn the The OPERATE light the
the the You the to the to increase the of the While the with the the seconds, the the to the
CAUTION: the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form If the the the completely the and firmly. To the the LOAD/EJECT The built-in front of the to of
Continuous You from inches) to inches) the LQ-570 and from inches) to inches) the LQ-1070. You from the rear, front, or with the tractor the push-tractor feeding from the rear. If this feeding to To feed from the front or the the You optional tractor and both the and tractors together. Tractor and the of feeding the paper-release to the indicated the feeding Paper-feeding Tractor Paper-release Push-tractor Pull-tractor supply with the the the smoothly the If to feed through the that enough to feed from the without obstruction.
Continuous tractor You the as tractor or tractor. You should the tractor to feeding The with the the push-tractor the push-tractor the off. the cover and the and off the If necessary, the from the the while the and of the mounting Press the tractors the tractor the and straight the back mounting the the mounting release the If the clear previously, the mounting then Press both of the
the cover. the to the push-tractor You ready to with the tractor. the the turned off. the cover and and off the both of the clear and from the front and off the If necessary, the tractor from the push-tractor the while the and of the mounting Press the tractors the and the front mounting arrow each of the mounting shows where to the the tractor the mounting release the the paper-release to the You to Continuous
Continuous Loading with the the turned off and the the the push-tractor and the paper-release the push-tractor Release the tractors the
the to inch) from the and the back to Then the right to match the width of the the clean, straight leading Then the covers and the first four of the the Continuous
Continuous the covers. the right to the Then the back. the notches the straight the mounting the Slightly the and then the both to the of the Turn the The the to the when it You the to the the LOAD/EJECT CAUTION: the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form from the tractor Press the TEAR OFF to the to the tear-off Chapter information.) Tear off sheets. CAUTION: tear off back-feeding; back-feeding too sheets Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the back to the the from the tractor
Loading with the tractor the the from the rear, front, or The the the the the TEAR-OFF or the LOAD/EJECT to the back to the the turned off and the and cover the the and the paper-release the Continuous
Continuous Release the tractors the the to approximately inch) from the and the back to the Then the right to match the of it the the
If the front the front cover and the completely to the clean, straight the the (rear, front, or the and head. the the perforation the first and with the top of the
Continuous If through the front the front cover. the first four of the the the covers. the right to the Then the back. the notches the straight the mounting the Slightly the and then the both to the of the Turn the
If necessary, the the micro-feed Chapter CAUTION: the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form To the cover, the front the the and then the cover Continuous
Removing from the tractor To when using the tractor, tear off the the Press the LF/FF to the of the
Switching and using the tractor, easily switch to single-sheet without the Switching to To switch from to sheets, follow the below. If sheets the the TEAR OFF to the to the tear-off Tear off the CAUTION: tear off back-feeding; back- feeding too back-feed easily off their and the Press the LOAD/EJECT The the to the The attached to the the path. the paper-release to the single-sheet
Switching and the the upright the to match the of You as this chapter. Switching to To switch from sheets back to the tractor, follow the below. If the path, the LOAD/EJECT to Slightly the and then the both to the of the the paper-release to the push-tractor The the to the when
to and of other types, such as and of to the paper-thickness CAUTION: or that the within the the paper-thickness to when to ordinary Paper-thickness the paper-thickness to match the thickness of to the below.
Ordinary (with ribbon) Thin Ordinary sheets or sheets reduced paper-thickness of and both single-sheet and You single-sheet the front You of to four (including the the paper-thickness to the You the as or with recommended the tractor the together with the optional tractor. or Loading with the tractor earlier this chapter. to the as micro-feed or to to
CAUTION: the within the of the information the Chapter four-sheet thick operating single-sheet from the front only. choose the type mounted with with tractor. to as properly. It recommended from the front or with the the You the that (with the tractor), the paper-thickness to Loading with the tractor earlier this chapter CAUTION: feed with the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF buttons. easily off the and the to and them operating the they around the and when To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the
You from the top single-sheet should to the below: the paper-thickness to or the thickness of the feed the the CAUTION: operating the of the head. the within the of the
Chapter the Lights Other DIP Switches DIP-switch DIP-switch DIP-switch feed the Tear Tear-off the TEAR OFF the tear-off Character Character the
The lights the of the The Lights OPERATE On when the switch and supplied. PAUSE On when the ready to The PAUSE light off the to DATA On when the MULTI-PART On when the paper-thickness to or higher. The reduced when this light this light the micro-feed PAPER OUT (red) On when the of BIN On when of the optional cut-sheet selected feeding. the
BIN On when of the optional cut-sheet selected feeding. TEAR OFF (yellow) On when the TEAR OFF to to the tear-off CONDENSED On when from the Font On when selected. PAUSE Press this to temporarily Press this to LOAD/EJECT Press this to single-sheet or to the the normally automatically. If single-sheet already the this to the If the or tear-off this to to the LF/FF feed/form feed) this to the this to of or to the top of the You this to of from the cut-sheet or to from the to the the
ALT this with other buttons to the following BUFFER CLEAR (PAUSE) Clears the and the To clear the the top-of-form the PAUSE then the LF/FF to the to the top of the and then the ALT and PAUSE the MICRO FEED (LOAD/EJECT) Select/TEAR OFF This selects the when both optional cut-sheet and sheets. this once to from the to the tear-off Press this to feed the to the CONDENSED Press this to characters. Press to to character FONT Press this to from the built-in The as only; slightly. the (LF/FF) this chapter information the MICRO FEED
Other The to the functions below. the LF/FF LQ or the LOAD/EJECT while turning the to the The that operating properly and of the DIP-switch the LF/FF and LOAD/EJECT while turning the to allows advanced users to the of the and the the section testing the information. The the of this chapter. the
DIP Switches the of DIP switches, features, such as the graphics character and length. New whenever the turned The DIP switches located to the DIP-switch To DIP-switch follow these Turn off the the DIP-switch cover. pointed such as the of to switch or off. The section DIP-switch the each switch. the DIP-switch cover. The DIP-switch when the the
DIP-switch The below the of the DIP switches. You the DIP-switch the as Chapter Table DIP switch SW International character character High-speed -inch DIP switch SW Tear off feed The the or factory The DIP switches and to the country. Bidirectional Unidirectional the DIP Switches On and On* KB On On On On
DIP Switches Table international character Country USA On On On On On On On United On On On On Character Table inches inches inches inches the On On On On On
DIP-switch This section the of the DIP switches. International character You choose from international character DIP switches and to DIP-switch the character The character DIP switch USA, Germany, United I, Italy, and I. the following with the ESC software command: (English), II, II, America, and If the ESC (to while DIP switch the international character USA. Character character built-in: graphics character and character You the character with DIP switches and to To graphics character first DIP switch If the ESC (to graphics) while DIP switch off, the graphics character PC (United States). character included the the DIP Switches
DIP Switches normally bidirectional. turning DIP switch printing-in which the head only-allows This graphics such as or boxes. If DIP switch bidirectional with the ESC software command. High-speed DIP-switch off, characters to (characters second). The reduces the of each character to increase the If or high- temporarily switches to the turned off. Also, dot-graphic, or downloaded characters, switches to that only. The from its input DIP switch off to 8KB the
Turning DIP switch when using the function. this function to 1-inch the and the first the This the to the perforation of the top and these top-of-form with the MICRO FEED buttons to of the the of and the top of the DIP switches and from the four DIP-switch Tear off You DIP switch to tear-off tear off this chapter information tear-off the tear- off with with the tractor. the tear-off with the tractor. the DIP Switches
DIP Switches feed (DIP switch the each (CR) received with (LF). If spacing, DIP switch off. If each the DIP switch the
The allows to the or You this to the and tear-off to the or tear-off with the the off the the of single-sheet the the off the The to the factory when the turned feed To the micro-feed the ALT the as the LOAD/EJECT or LF/FF as indicated the To the micro-feed follow the below: stopped. While holding the ALT the LOAD/EJECT to the or the LF/FF to the backward, as indicated the arrows the bottons. the
the The the of the the If too high or the the with the micro-feed as follows: the turned or single-sheet the LOAD/EJECT The MULTI-PART light to You the while the MULTI- PART light While holding the ALT the LOAD/EJECT to the to the the LF/FF to the to higher the The MULTI-PART light the
the this turned off and back The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the The remembers the sheet only off the The to the factory when the the
Tear finished the tear-off to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off sheets. the back to the This that would normally You the tear-off turning DIP switch to tear-off or the TEAR OFF the If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the CAUTION: the tear-off to feed they off their and the feed when the tractor; the off the and the Tear-off tear-off with DIP switch the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off when the of or and three seconds. the
tear-off the following the turned off. Turn DIP switch Turn the tear-off and the tractor, the the to the tear- off Then tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the section the tear-off this chapter. the the back to the and (You manually feed the back to the the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF the TEAR OFF Whether or the tear-off the TEAR OFF to to the tear-off following the below. finished. Then the TEAR OFF button. The the to the tear-off and the TEAR OFF light Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off as the section. the the back to the and (You manually feed the back to the the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF the Tear
Tear the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off following the below: the the tear-off and the TEAR OFF light While holding the ALT button, the LOAD/EJECT to the tear-off to the or the LF/FF to the tear-off to higher the The the tear-off Tear off the the back to the and (You manually feed the back to the the LOAD/EJECT or TEAR OFF button.) The and tear-off If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set tear-off the and feeding the factory as reference when the tear-off the
You of combining character and other You using the DIP switches, software commands, or Character built-in character The character This rough and the DIP switches to high-speed DIP-switch this chapter.) other (LQ) fully-formed characters To the FONT the the light to The selected another. With ESC/P the and The of each and the You increase the of the allow to with the software. The below shows characters of the following and the
The following shows characters each (high-speed To high-speed DIP-switch off. the
the
C Orator-S OCR-B the
Character Character spacings of or (characters inch) and software commands or Chapter the character spacings each the or each character amount of the from character to character. lowercase than W. The below the of spacing: This This This This reduces the of characters to approximately of their allowing characters to This spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information You and software commands or You The below shows and This 1O This the
that allows users to the of the and the of the To follow these the off. both the LF/FF and LOAD/EJECT while turn the the Next, or written the as shown below. o 1B 1B 1B 1B 1C 6E 6C 6F 6D o 6E 2E 0D o To off the PAUSE to and then the off. the shown On the of the the On the right of the the appear as characters or, they as codes-they appear as the characters the field or the exactly what to the the
Chapter Cut-Sheet cut-sheet Loading with the cut-sheet Loading or with the high-capacity cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet Switching and the cut-sheet Tractor.. Loading with the tractor and the optional Interface Cards interface The C823051/C823061 interface
Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with LQ-570 C80637* C80638* LQ-1070 C80639* C80640* which country. The cut-sheet to of and the high-capacity cut-sheet to of or to connecting both cut-sheet them as cut-sheet Assembling the cut-sheet This allows to of automatically. the cut-sheet following the instructions the that with cut-sheet You follow the to the or high- cut-sheet the turned off. the and cover. If the the and the push-tractor If the optional the the and optional pull-tractor them the cut-sheet If the cut-sheet to the the High-capacity
the paper-release the single-sheet the cut-sheet both and back the each the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Release the and the cut-sheet the You ready to with cut-sheet cut-sheet the of the Loading with the cut-sheet the cut-sheet as follows: Turn off the the necessary. Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the to the the the the and to allow of and Next, the and of the to the CAUTION: or the cut-sheet
to sheets of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the If necessary, the wires (that with the cut-sheet to the of the the the notches the straight the mounting the the and then the to the the cut-sheet sheets the top or the front The cut-sheet when to the (as as the PAUSE light You from the cut-sheet the LOAD/EJECT Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet Loading or with the high-capacity cut-sheet To using the high-capacity cut-sheet follow these the the and right the the the with the the front of the cut-sheet then the back its Next, the right to roughly match the of the
the each of the cut-sheet the the and to allow of and Next, the and of the to the CAUTION: or the cut-sheet to of or to or the of the right that matches that the of the allows the to freely and Then the right back the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet the each of the cut-sheet the sheets of or them back the back to the or the when the cut-sheet sheets the front or the the and The cut-sheet when to the (as as the PAUSE light You from the cut-sheet the LOAD/EJECT
Assembling the cut-sheet You the cut-sheet to the high-capacity cut-sheet to cut-sheet Follow these the gear cover from the back of the high-capacity and the cut-sheet both the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the of the high-capacity cut-sheet Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet the cut-sheet the high-capacity While the locks, the cut-sheet together they securely together. the assembled cut-sheet the the section cut-sheet this chapter. each the sections this chapter. You cut-sheet to The high-capacity cut-sheet becomes and the cut-sheet becomes Select the the Select button. The light of the selected You specify the using software commands. You to specify the software. software
Switching and the cur-sheet You easily switch and cut-sheet operation without the Switching to If the path, the LOAD/EJECT to them. the paper-release to the push-tractor to of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the the properly and Switching to the cut-sheet If sheets the the TEAR OFF to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the LOAD/EJECT The the to the The attached to the the path. CAUTION: backward. easily off their and the switch to the cut-sheet when using the from the as the paper-release the single-sheet Cut-Sheet
Tractor The optional tractors, C80019* LQ-570) and C80022* LQ-1070) (The the which to country.) The with the optional with tractor the push-tractor Loading with the and the optional the turned off, the tractor the push-tractor and the paper-release the push-tractor the cover, and them and off the the optional tractor the as Chapter The optional the the to the tractor as Chapter Turn the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the and then the LF/FF to feed of through the CAUTION: the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form
the paper-release to the pull-tractor the to the tractor as the the right of the tractor and to the the and tractors. the notches the straight the mounting the both to the of the Slightly the and then the the cover the front the the and then lowering the cover to of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the the properly and Tractor
Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The interface below with (Not interfaces C823051/C823061 interface C823071/C823081 32KB interface C82310* 32KB interface which country. If whether optional interface or would to about interfaces, interface Follow the below to optional the turned off. the and the interface
the screws from the interface cover. the interface cover. to switches and the the interface the interface the both of the interface to the the of the the internal the screws and tighten to of the optional interface. of the interface the of the Interface Cards
Interface Cards The C823051/C823061 interface To the C823051/C823061 interface the sections below selecting and other such as and the C823051/C823061 interface Selecting You from the following rates: and second). the the selection the C823051/C823061 interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and
and Transportation Cleaning the the Ribbon Cartridge Transporting the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. Then as as the and tractor the optional and cut-sheet or to and If the outer or or with clean, cloth with the cover to from the CAUTION: or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the or the of the with the WARNING: to the or and Transportation
the Ribbon the becomes too to the The following recommended: LQ-570 LQ-1070 To the follow the the the optional when high operations, the and Transportation
Transporting the If to the and as below: Turn off the the from the then the interface from the the the optional tractor and cut-sheet or the the the protective locking to the paper-tension and then the the the push-tractor the and the and them the and Transportation
Troubleshooting and TroubIeshooting
and This chapter while operating and their If the below and then the the supply supplied. The The or characters or graphics. Printed characters what expected. The what expected. sheets properly. Continuous feed properly. the cut-sheet the properly. using the optional tractor, the properly. optional interface, the properly. Troubleshooting
supplied. The OPERATE light that the the outlet properly. If the outlet switch or another the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. The OPERATE light and then off. The light off when the switched that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to Troubleshooting
The The PAUSE light Press the PAUSE The PAUSE light off nothing printed. that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the and the interface both the and specifications. If using the built-in interface, shielded twisted-pair The PAPER OUT light the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. the section The the as The thickness incorrect. the paper-thickness Chapter The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other If the correctly, The PAUSE light and the or abruptly. The head overheated. the when the head Troubleshooting
The or Printed characters the The properly. the section The The the as Chapter that the paper-thickness correctly the the paper-thickness characters or graphics. of the The head and to the head replaced. there too the or the the as Chapter Printed characters what expected. The or characters that software printed. that the software correctly The selected the software the software. Troubleshooting
The characters printed. The character or the international character selected. the DIP-switch The characters than expected. Press the CONDENSED to The what expected. too high or too the the top software or to to the the text the DIP switch that the to each return. The text with the of DIP switch off. incorrect. the software. match the of the the with DIP switches and the software and necessary. Troubleshooting
the One-inch DIP switch off. the perforation the of the the DIP-switch matches the of If the top and DIP switch off. Turn DIP switch too the or the of the top of the to choose the when choose from software to specify the type of or software to reduce or the top and to reduce the or clearing the the top-of-form. the to the top of the with the LF/FF clearing the You the operation of using the the Chapter If the properly, the operating properly, and the the the software, or the If the Troubleshooting
The following section through and If the optional the section options sheets properly. the the and feed. The too to the right. the with the arrow the that the paper-release the single-sheet the the rotates feed. the firmly. feeding crooked or the Turn off the and the paper-release to the the and the following items: the within the specified the with the The the LOAD/EJECT to the LF/FF The too that within the specified Troubleshooting
properly. the and the tractor the The PAUSE light Press the PAUSE or the LOAD/EJECT the rotates, the feed the The paper-release the the paper-release to the push-tractor The off the tractor. the to the tractor. feeding crooked or the that the paper-release the the supply or other that supply within of the The of supply from feeding straight. that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the paper-thickness correctly the that the and thickness within the specified The properly. The too Tear off the and from the that within the specified Troubleshooting
the cut-sheet the properly. the and feed. The PAUSE light Press the PAUSE from the the rotates feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly the cut-sheet and as Chapter that the paper-release the single-sheet The pulled back the the head. There the You too sheets the cut-sheet You to sheets the cut-sheet and to sheets or to or the high-capacity cut-sheet or sheets feed the You too sheets the cut-sheet You to the of the the and Troubleshooting
feeding crooked. The or creased. only sheets of There too the that the and quality. Chapter One of to the software. the optional tractor, the properly. the section troubleshooting this chapter.) feeding crooked or the The tractor and correctly. the both tractors There the the of the to the of the and rotating the the right of the optional tractor. optional interface, the properly. The or the what expected. You trying to interface or with the specifications. the to the interface or with this The and interface match. the the and match. The interface that the switch the interface Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
Chapter Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications.. Specifications and assignments Interface Option Specifications Cut-sheet Technical Specifications
Specifications Quality High-speed Quality Bidirectional logic-seeking text and graphics. Unidirectional graphics. (Unidirectional selected DIP -switch or software command.) inch, inch, or spacing: milliseconds inches with feed Printable Character Technical Specifications Characters inch Characters/second/line characters LQ-570 LQ-1070
KB or KB (DIP-switch Character You other ESC/P commands. the summary Scalable Font Character Character One and graphics character international character and character Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications sheets: top to to inches) LQ-570 to to inches) LQ-1070 front to to inches) LQ-570 to to inches) LQ-1070 inches) Thickness to to inches) to to Single-sheet to to inches) LQ-570 to to inches) LQ-1070 to to inches) sheets to three Thickness to to inches) to to to to inches) LQ-570 to to inches) LQ-1070 to three Thickness to to inches) to to inches) to to to to You with this however, increases and If this higher of Technical Specifications single-sheet the front only
inches) inches) inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inches) type only. and inches) inches) to to inches) Thickness to to and the top only. Printable The top inches). The and right inches). the inches) LQ-570 or inches) LQ-1070. C The inches). Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications The top and and below the perforation) inches). The and right inches). the inches) LQ-570 or inches) LQ-1070. The top inches). The and right inches). C The inches). Technical Specifications
Mechanical Paper-feed Friction tractor tractor cut-sheet (optional) High-capacity cut-sheet (optional) cut-sheet combining both optional cut-sheet Black (LQ-570) or Ribbon: (LQ-1070) expectancy: LQ, dots/character: characters dots/character: characters (LQ-570) or (LQ-1070) (optional) LQ, character): characters characters MCBF: head): LQ-570: hours duty) MTBF: LQ-1070: hours duty) head life: (with ribbon) (with ribbon) and Height inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) LQ-570 LQ-1070 Technical Specifications Specifications inches)
Specifications Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated LQ-570: LQ-1070: AC and chassis): Rated AC to AC to to Rated to Rated LQ-570: 33W LQ-1070: AC and chassis): the the back of the the of Technical Specifications AC AC
to 35C to 95F) Operation: to 60C to 140F) (without to RH Operation: to RH Technical Specifications Specifications
Interface Specifications with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: STROBE Synchronization: BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or The below the assignments and their respective interface Direction STROBE IN STROBE to than microseconds the These information of the DATA IN IN DATA to of respectively. IN DATA Each HIGH when and LOW when DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN DATA IN ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the ready to Technical Specifications
Direction BUSY OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following the PAUSE HIGH that the PE OUT of to through SLCT OUT this LOW, the AUTO IN Not used. NC GND ground CHASSIS chassis ground, which Not used. NC GND Twisted-pair ground INIT IN this becomes LOW, the to its and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than microseconds the ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when the when the PAUSE FEED (The to this XT DIP switch to isolated from the ground. GND Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications Direction GND as NC Not used. OUT to through SLCT IN IN The DC1/DCB only when this HIGH. This LOW. The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair return, to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based the TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the BUSY LOW.) Technical Specifications
Interface The below shows the the interface. Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Option Specifications Cut-sheet The the which to country. and when mounted the includes sheets: C80637* and C80639* C80638* and C80640* to of C80638* and C80640* to bond) to MCBF: Technical Specifications to of
C80637* to C80638* to to C80639* to to to C80640* to inches) to inches) Thickness Operation: to 35C to 95F) (without Operation: to to RH Envelope with the C80638* and C80640* cut-sheet (C80638* Only) sheets NIA to inches) to inches) to inches) N/A to inches) to inches) to inches) to to to to inches) to inches) to to to to to to 22C to 72F) to Humidity: to 60C to 140F) Technical Specifications Option Specifications
The to of three The turned The INIT from the interface LOW). Software Software the ESC command. You the PAUSE and ALT buttons the clear). The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top of The DIP-switch and right inch Character pitch or selection) Cleared Every characters Font selection selected character Hardware: cleared Software/control and text the of Technical Specifications
Chapter Command Summary the Command Summary Commands Topic operation feeding motion Font selection Font Spacing Character Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This the ESC/P You these commands to high ESC/P commands and and graphics. The following section and the commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of Command Summary
Commands Topic Hex. ASCII ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC ESC EM Loading/Ejecting of CSF Select of CSF R the ESC EM the the characters or and or or feeding ASCII Hex. CR FF LF ESC ESC ESC ESC 0D 0C 0A Select Spacing Select Spacing n/180-inch Spacing 2B n/360-inch Spacing Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ESC ESC C ESC C ESC C 4E ESC ESC 6C ESC ESC Command Summary 4F Format ESC Top Units ESC C of of of inches Margin of Margin Margin Right Margin right
motion ASCII Hex. ESC from The inch. ESC 5C The inch and inch LQ ESC (V ESC ESC HT Commands Topic ESC from top Relative ESC to Terminated Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Font selection ASCII Hex. 6B Select Typeface ESC C Orator-S C Select Font Pitch and ESC ESC pitch to pitch Select ESC with ESC I, M, or Command Summary OB Vertically 4A n/180-inch to should or or and other typefaces)
ASCII Hex. ESC 4D ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Commands Topic Select Select Select Turn On/Off Select Quality or Quality Select Font Font Select Font Font Select To the of together the of the to from the below: double-width Command Summary
Commands Topic Font ASCII Hex. OF SI DC2 SO OE ESC DC4 ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 2D ESC 2D ESC Command Summary Select Select Double-Width Turn Double-Width On/Off Double-Width Turn Double-Height On/Off Select Select Select ESC Strikethrough selected Turn On/Off Select Character Normal with
Spacing ASCII Hex. ESC SP ESC ESC Character ASCII Hex. ESC Assign Character Table ESC Assign Character and to or Character Table PC (USA) PC PC PC C o Intercharacter of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and Unit ESC positioning as inch or Motion (HMI) Pitch n/360-inch Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ESC Select Character Table Select character ESC ESC Select International Character Norway ESC Character ESC first character character of character of character right of character each only ESC 3A Copy ROM to RAM or Typeface Select ESC Normal of ESC With Graphics this the of Command Summary or downloaded characters from O-127 to II UK II America
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC 5E as Characters ESC ESC amount of as character ASCII Hex. ESC 2A Select ESC Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC Graphics ESC or Graphics with ESC ESC 2E Graphics ESC graphics DPI of The following allowed: and Command Summary
Character A-2 Character A-2 Graphics Character A-3 International Character A-6
Character These character selected DIP switches and or the ESC software command. the graphics character the ESC and ESC software commands whether to 9F characters (ESC or (ESC Character CODE C C A-2
Graphics Character PC (United States) character CODE C PC character CODE C C C Character
Character PC character C C PC character CODE C C A-4
PC character CODE C Character with ESC C To the characters the the first the ESC command. This featuring ESC/P Character
International Character Country U.S.A. United The following the ESC software command. ASCII Country Norway II II America A-6 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E ASCII DIP switch On On On On On On On off off off On On On On On off off off
The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and bidirectional which the head from to right every other On the other from right to This increases the of the head both or which the of information or The of the memory to of information consisting of character of numbers, and GL-1
characters inch of the of text characters. the which each character of the of characters. or spreadsheets that each perforated and to functions such as or feed. characters inch. cut-sheet (CSF) optional, that sheets of the troubleshooting that advanced the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. Also or that when the turned or initialized. GL-2
DIP switches switches that functions and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP of which each or of double-height which each character as as double-width which each character as as One of three of character high-speed high-speed and Quality. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this features, such as and graphics ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. of type family CL-3
and that the to the top-of-form high-speed One of three High-speed of character to high-speed and Quality. To establish the of the turning the or INIT interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This Also, character that characters and Quality (LQ) One of three readability and appearance reduced and high-speed and that the The to which the loaded. It with the micro-feed GL-4
that to the and tear-off and to or backward, interface interface. The that the The of which the It than the physical of the to which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten RAM memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its or INIT or turning the off and then back the operation of the the the its DIP-switch and the characters its ROM. The which the attached to the the path. GL-5
which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character tear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the tear-off The the the to when the TEAR OFF or when tear-off the the that the perforation the tear-off top of The the that the as the first The the to this when the only. Unidirectional useful graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the known as characters. GL-6