Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 FRONT.FM C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 FRONT.FM FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Sign-off: WARNING
A5 FRONT.FM Sign-off: DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P220A/P220B C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 FRONT.FM Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: Chapter the the Choosing the Assembling the the the Connecting the to or the Ribbon Cartridge the Software. the software or NT the software or NT DOS C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM Unpacking the this should include EPSON software CD-ROM, Notice and the following items: the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country of purchase; the the right location. There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, the Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to these and protective to the the It should its or Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or around the easy and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. French-speaking users: fiche C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM outlets switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the clear and Position and interface they with feeding. If to follow these that least that the The should If the and interface to of the they with feeding. the Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: Assembling the the To the the the the the mounting the as shown below. the the turned off. the the back of the to its matches that of the matches Warning: It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM If the attached to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded Connecting the to IEEE-1284 interface and optional interface. If type of interface, of the optional interfaces Optional interface cards A-19. Follow the below to the to interface or ground both the and turned off. the securely the interface the Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: the together they both of the If ground wire, to the ground as shown below. the other of the the C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM or the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON recommends the of EPSON Ribbon Cartridges (S015016). Warning: You the head to or the If the the head cool proceeding. the turned off. the cover the notch the both the Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: The head should the indicated the front as shown below. If the cover and the to the head to the seconds, then the off and the cover. Following the below while the turned the C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM If already installed, the each of the and the of the Properly the and Turn the ribbon-tightening the the of the arrow to the the with the and the ribbon-tightening facing and the the head. Then the that the both of the the notches the the Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: the its and then both of the to the the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the and to the freely. the cover. The and when the cover C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM the Software the to to the software included the EPSON software CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The the software that or With such as and EPSON and NT The EPSON of and displays information. EPSON DOS-based The EPSON allows to easily the from the the EPSON Utility To the software, the software or NT or the software or NT this section. If DOS, DOS the Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: the software or NT Follow the below to the software or NT the software or NT If information. If to of the software CD-ROM, the CD and the EPSETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. If the of the EPSON software, of the EPSON software or installation. If the New or other appears when and follow the below. If the appears, If the as below. or NT and the off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. (If the then the and the C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM Click to the software installation. Select from the then follow the instructions the the or NT EPSON information and using the software, the Software. the software or NT Follow the below to the software or NT the software NT If information. and the the software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM (If of software the Sign-off:
A5 SETUP.FM Sign-off: Choose from the The appears. the Command type D:SETUP the as necessary.) Then OK If to of the software CD-ROM, type EPSETUP instead of SETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the instructions. Select from the The copying the software the OK to the The selects the LQ-680/LQ- as the information and using the software, Chapter the Software. C R4C4590 the
C R4C4590 A5 SETUP.FM DOS To the from DOS to the or another from the of Choose the EPSON the the or of DOS If the include the choose the first from this LQ-670 LQ-2070/LQ-2080 LQ-2170/LQ-2180 LQ-870/LQ-1170 LQ-570/1070/570+/1070+ DLQ-3000/DLQ-3000+ DLQ-2000 LQ-1060 LQ-1050 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 If the software to the Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: Chapter Selecting Source. and types. the release (LQ-680) the Source the Thickness Continuous Positioning supply Loading with the the tear-off function Continuous Single-Sheet Switching Continuous and Switching to Switching to the the tear-off the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM of types, including sheets, postcards, and This chapter to these with C specifications the the Selecting Source of through four optional cut-sheet or optional The should the type of to and types LQ-680 users: To the release the release (LQ-680) users: To the Source the the Source Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: and The below shows which to each type. type Continuous sheets Single-sheet You this type with this You this type with this You single-sheet that the top of the The optional C R4C4590 Tractor Optional Optional only) only) only)
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM the release (LQ-680) the release to the paper-feeding the to The release feeding and single-sheet feeding, as below. Sign-off: Single-sheet feeding to the the optional cut-sheet or the optional Tractor feeding to the tractor.
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: the Source the Source the to the the to There three Tractor feeding, single-sheet feeding including the cut-sheet and BIN2 single-sheet feeding including cut-sheet as below. Tractor Tractor feeding to the tractor. Single-sheet feeding to the the optional cut-sheet or the optional Single-sheet feeding to the the optional cut-sheet or the optional C R4C4590 Source
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM the Thickness You to the thickness to match the thickness of There from to The the LQ-680 users: the thickness manually to the from to as the below. users: the of the selected, the to match the thickness each slowed. If the type of every to the thickness to the as the below to speed-up Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: The following selecting the the type of type thickness Ordinary or or or to thin such as or thick or only. If the thickness to or higher, to the back to the (or ordinary C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM Continuous You from the built-in located the back of the C Positioning supply supply with the tractor the smoothly the as shown below. Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: Loading with the the turned off. LQ-680 users: Select feeding with the release and the thickness to ordinary users: Select tractor feeding with the Source and the thickness to or ordinary the as as C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM Release the them Facing the back of the the that the to the of the the and the arrow the Then the to the the arrow the and the the The to the of the arrow and the Sign-off: arrow
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: the right to roughly match the of the the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM the covers. the first three of the the both to the first of clean, straight that feed smoothly the Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: the covers. If necessary, and the that the perforation with the arrow the Then the the right to the Then the to the Turn the the the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM the tear-off function to tear off wasting to the information, the section. You the to the the the there least than properly through the the the right of the only to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form the tear-off function finished the tear-off function to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off the back to the that would normally You the tear-off function the the or the or the EPSON to tear-off. About information the Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off using the as this chapter. the tear-off function to backwards; they off their and the the Tear You the Tear (the Tear the LQ-680 or the Tear Off/Special the to to the tear-off following the below: finished. Then the Tear the lights the flashing. The the to the tear-off C R4C4590 tear-off
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM Tear off the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off this chapter. the the back to the top-of-form and (You manually the back to the top-of-form the to the tear-off the tear-off function the or the EPSON the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off when of or command and then three seconds. Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: instructions to the tear-off function, About or the EPSON as Chapter and follow the on-screen instructions. While the or the the correctly the advanced, tear off and as the Tear earlier this chapter. You the tear-off when sheets. The while sheets. tear-off the tear-off function. Press the to the of the and the To completely from the the covers. the from the and then the covers. Continuous with to including the You or backed carbon-interleaved C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM the thickness to the LQ-680 users should the as the users should the to the You the as ordinary instructions, Continuous this chapter. forms, that software the within the of the the of the head. information about the the C. users backed with The of the than that of the when the The thickness of this thicker than the the thickness to the both the and the perforation the the Thickness earlier this chapter and information. You the as ordinary instructions, Continuous earlier this chapter. Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: that software the within the of the the of the head. information about the the specifications C. with the or Tear Off/Special buttons. Doing or to the To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the selecting choose mounted sheets with with tractor. single-sheet the to and feed properly. the as ordinary the thickness LQ-680 users should the to users recommended to the or manually to throughput. instructions earlier this chapter. instructions thickness the Thickness earlier this chapter. C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM that software the within the the of the head. information about the the C. with the Tear (LQ-680), or Tear Off/Special (LQ- buttons. easily off their and the To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the to and humidity, them operating the they to and off their and the when You of the the front of the or of the optional cut-sheet information the optional cut-sheet C single-sheet specifications. If enough the back of the that the obstructed. Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: Follow these to sheets from the that the off and the attached as Then the covers and the to the LQ-680 users: Select single-sheet feeding with the release as Selecting Source the thickness to ordinary single-sheet users: Select single-sheet feeding with the Source as Selecting Source the thickness to or ordinary single-sheet Turn the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM the the as shown below. of following the to and top first. seconds, the the to the The ready to from and If the the the the completely and Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: the the the If the and sheet the The the and If the the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the Single-Sheet single-sheet with to including the You or carbon-backed the carbon-interleaved the thickness to the as the or to the only). You single-sheet the as ordinary instructions, earlier this chapter or A, Loading from the cut-sheet C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM that software the within the of the the of the head. information about the the A. single-sheet the of the only from the from the optional You of them the as sheets: from the or with the optional cut-sheet information this section and earlier this chapter or A, Loading from the cut-sheet LQ-680 users: the thickness to the as the users: the thickness to or the as the Then Envelope the Tear Off/Special first. Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: that software the within the the of the head. information the the C. operating You of postcards, them the as sheets: from the or with the optional cut-sheet instructions sheets, or Loading from the cut-sheet A-6. LQ-680 users: the thickness to Then Card the Tear the users: the thickness to or Then Card the Tear Off/Special the top first. C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM Card when the thickness to or or higher the postcards, that software the within the the of the head. information about the the C. operating Switching and using the tractor, easily switch and (including or postcards) without the from the tractor. Switching to sheets To switch from to sheets, follow the below. with follow the to backward. easily off their and the information from the path, earlier this chapter. Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: finished the Tear (LQ-680) or the Tear Off/Special to the to the tear-off (If selected tear-off the or the EPSON the the perforation to the tear-off automatically.) Tear off the tear off feeding backwards; feeding too backwards Press the to the back to the The attached to the tractor, the path. Select single-sheet feeding with the release (LQ-680) or with the Source as and types sheets from the instructions, C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM Switching to To switch from sheets to follow the below. If necessary, the to the the as Loading with the tractor Select feeding with the release (LQ-680) or with the Source as and types The the from the to the when The allows to or 1/180-inch You this to the and tear-off the The the of the the If appears too high or the the with the as follows: Top software to the with the If necessary, the software. Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: the turned If necessary, the cover the or single-sheet (Press the to from the or from the optional cut-sheet the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the to the the front of the or the Press the LF/FF to the the rear. The to the where release the buttons. C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM Pressing the LF/FF the the top of the when from the front (from the Pressing the LF/FF the the of the when from the (from the cut-sheet or the tractor). The and If try to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the If to the top and the top of the the that the top of the with the the as shown below. the the to off both single-sheet and off the Sign-off:
A5 HANDLE.FM Sign-off: the tear-off If perforation with the tear- off the to the perforation to the tear-off as follows: both Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear the Tear information.) the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the to or the Press the LF/FF to backward, the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If try to the tear-off these the and the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 HANDLE.FM Tear off the Press the to off the the back to the top-of-form and tear-off off the the The the the where the head actually You the temporarily the as the below. only the or off the that the If the to the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the If necessary, the cover to the and the LF/FF to or the correctly, the to off and Sign-off: to backward.
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: Chapter the Software About Software. the With or Accessing the from applications. Accessing the from the the the With Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the With and NT Accessing the from applications. Accessing the from the the the With NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM About Software The EPSON software that with includes the software, the EPSON and the EPSON and NT software that allows to the You to the software of the proceeding, the PC as Chapter EPSON DOS-based that allows to easily the from the To the EPSON with DOS, the EPSON Utility The EPSON and NT It allows to the of when and with troubleshooting To the Accessing EPSON of the To the the below, and and NT NT the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: the With or You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: To the the top of the the below to the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the section to the the four Graphics, and Utility. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to the to their Once and ready to C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM the With You the from or from the the from apply only to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: Select or from the of software. The or appears. the information about the this that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. the to the C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Accessing the from the To the from the follow these the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. To to the section to the the You the (or and the of the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: the With and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the The the following section from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however the instructions the C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: To the the top of the the below to the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these The the following section from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however the instructions the Click the and then to Click C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Right-click and The displays the which the and Advanced These the the software appears, which includes To the the top of the the section to the the from which the and Advanced. You the the software. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the With NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and the to the the Software Proof Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: Click (or button) to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and the to the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these the the The highlighted, then and The appears. C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Click the then You the which includes the and the to the Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and the to the the boxes: and Advanced of the To these boxes, the previous sections the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: The following the that every of The shown below. Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom or and the the that appears. Select or Landscape. Source Select the to Graphics Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of Intensity/ Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the EPSON You EPSON when this To the the the selected. C R4C4590 Select the The higher the select, the however, increasing the If this option only from the the to or the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Explanations Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Click this to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. this The shown below. Explanations EPSON You EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON information, EPSON the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: the EPSON The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow the below to EPSON the software CD-ROM At the DOS type D:\SETUP. If the other than D, the Then Select the and C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to the C:\EPUTIL directory. Accessing EPSON To EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this You EPSON C:\PANEL the DOS and The PRNSET and PANEL slightly. The PANEL of EPSON that the often C R4C4590 the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM the EPSON The EPSON with and NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional The EPSON when the as Chapter If the the or the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as Chapter EPSON to the README the This the information the EPSON Follow the below to EPSON the as the With or or the With and NT the Software Sign-off:
A5 SOFTWARE.FM Sign-off: Click the Preference The Preferences appears. The following Select the item ON/OFF Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. Allow this turned of shared other Click the to items to the C R4C4590 Turn this to the selected when this turned the Software
C R4C4590 A5 SOFTWARE.FM Accessing EPSON To EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the the then EPSON To to the the With or or the With and NT EPSON as the following appears. You information the the Software Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM Sign-off: Chapter From the Selecting Built-In Font and Pitch About From the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 CHANGE.FM Selecting and Pitch with the built-in C-4 information of select. You the pitch turning the or off. You the and pitch the buttons the as below. usually from the to and pitch. Follow these to built-in or pitch the buttons the that the If it finished. To the Font the three Font lights the with shown the The Font directly OCR-B, S, or H. To of these first the to as the other and then Others using the Font selected the Press the to the or off. From the Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM Sign-off: About The While often these functions through software or to from the the The following the and the options the The the instructions the tractor* inches: perforation On, tear off On, On, Software ESC/P2, IBM High On, I/F Option I/F seconds, seconds I/F bidirectional On, CR (IBM On, A.G.M. (IBM On, The options the country of purchase. These when IBM selected. ***This option with the only. From the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 CHANGE.FM Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, (PS), (PS) second, seconds, seconds, seconds On, On, The options the country of purchase. These when IBM selected. ***This option with the only. From the Sign-off: other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC
A5 CHANGE.FM Sign-off: tractor This allows to the perforation This when selected. On the one-inch the and the first the the from the should this top and tear off tear off and with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off and with the tractor, to the perforation to the tear-off the the Tear information. feed the each (CR) with and the to the If the every From the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 CHANGE.FM You bidirectional or normally bidirectional however, allows which graphics. to the the and which Software ESC/P2 the operates the EPSON ESC/P2 IBM the IBM The character when this It when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the O and High choose On the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to From the Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM Sign-off: I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface which optional interface. information optional interface, Optional interface A-19. If connected to or Optional the interface the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which I/F (interface) This optional interface and the interface selected. This the when it from interface whether through the other interface. You seconds or seconds the interface I/F bidirectional The Interface bidirectional when this If bidirectional unnecessary, this off. Select to the IEEE-1284.4 If unnecessary, or this off. From the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 CHANGE.FM CR This only IBM each (LF) or ESC This the to the of the If the every return, A.G.M. Graphic A.G.M. the advanced graphics commands those ESC/P2 IBM this Character You from to character the country of purchase. Character C-5 information of the International character You international character the character Each character characters that the country or the to Font You The selected appears Others the The following indicated the and cant selected and From the Sign-off:
A5 CHANGE.FM Sign-off: This the amount of when the and If the its to satisfaction, increase the The when the Indicators information If the to when this off. only) This when the the the head each one-inch with the You to both the and the when This Follow the below to the and the To the selection and instructions, sheets of A4 or single-sheet or of that least inches) and inches) If without optional cut-sheet to feed sheet of each the From the C R4C4590
C R4C4590 A5 CHANGE.FM and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While holding the Font the The the and the selection instructions. Press the Font the Font lights the as the selection instructions. Press the Tear (LQ-680) or Tear Off/Special to the instructions (four the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the the buttons the The the instruction the off the and the them To the off the when finished From the Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the and supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding or Clearing Printout. C R4C4590 Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM the You using the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If cant this to the section. light The the selected Troubleshooting Sign-off: Press the to from another currently the path. (LQ-680 only) the release back to the and the to clear the from the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. The cover the cover and the the Then the to off the light, necessary. The correctly. and Chapter instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as Clearing
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: light back to the The to switch of or other only) The head overheated. the lights the flashing of (three of The once when the function C R4C4590 Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light. of ejected. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as Clearing from the and clear the as Clearing Then the selection. the once the head cooled. unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM and easy to the information this section to the and to that what type of occurred, and the below: supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding or You the to whether the or the causing the instructions. To users to the To clear Clearing Troubleshooting Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to outlet that the The and the lights off though turned the What to The properly the outlet or The outlet C R4C4590 the and the ratings. If the match, the immediately and Turn off the and the the outlet and the necessary. Then turn the Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM Single-sheet or feeding The single-sheet or feed properly. What to Tractor feeding selected. Select single-sheet feeding. information, Selecting Source The the too to the or right the to that there. Single-sheet properly. instructions The thickness the Thickness correctly. creased, the specifications too thin, or too thick. C and of The What to Press the to too the the of within the specified single-sheet C. and the or Troubleshooting Sign-off: the to the or right.
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: The optional cut-sheet single-sheet properly. What to The cut-sheet as properly. the cut-sheet A-3. Too sheets than the cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet Cut-Sheet A-2 information. You the type of of the cut-sheet The of the cut-sheet correctly. There of the cut-sheet the of the and together. then C R4C4590 the high-capacity or the the type the top of the and postcards. the with the arrow then the right to match Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM or feeding The or properly. What to Single-sheet feeding Select feeding. selected. information, Selecting Source Continuous Chapter instructions properly. the tractor to The off the the the as tractor. Loading with the tractor The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness The supply the supply obstructed. or other Positioning supply The the of the that the the of the with each other. the and their covers closed. The feed back to the What to You tear off the pressing the Troubleshooting Sign-off: Tear off the the perforation. Then the to feed the to the
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: too high or the What to The software or match the of the The the tractor match the of the The top or top-of- incorrect. The to Choose the from the selected software. or You the the while the the to the top-of-form the C R4C4590 the or the the using the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility the top or top-of-form software. the specifications C. the top-of-form however, that the the top-of-form the the Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM The or too from the perforation of What to The to Choose the from the selected software. or The or match the of the The the tractor match the of the Troubleshooting Sign-off: the or the the the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: or The when the What to Press the The The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as this chapter. the and/or specifications. software properly The nothing or abruptly What to The thickness the thickness to match the thickness of correctly. the Thickness The too the or the properly. C R4C4590 interface that the of both the and Optional interface cards A-19 and Select from the or If necessary, or the software as Chapter the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM The What to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness The the as Chapter The What to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness of the or What to The too the or the properly. The the as Chapter Troubleshooting Sign-off: the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. the head yourself; the Other of the when the head replaced. the text the What to to the the of each of C R4C4590 Turn the feed the or the EPSON that the to each About or the EPSON Utility Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM The of What to feed commands the of each of The software incorrect. The perforation Turn off the perforation the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility The incorrect or other characters. What to and correctly. The character Select the character selected software. software, the or the EPSON The character software the or the EPSON Troubleshooting Sign-off: Turn off the using the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility the software. that the interface and that the correct. If optional interface Optional interface cards A-19.
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: The to Choose the from the selected software. or software correctly Software the EPSON or the buttons. What to Bidirectional which the of C R4C4590 that software correctly If necessary, or the software as Chapter software to the the bidirectional to this Printout, this chapter. Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM Clearing To clear follow these Turn off the the cover. If the or tear off the supply the back of the Turn the the right of the to the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of- or tear-off the cover. The and when the cover Turn the the and lights off. Troubleshooting Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this To the below, four of A4 or single-sheet or four of that least inches) and inches) If sheets without optional cut-sheet to of each the the Follow these to the bidirectional and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the While the the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of off the and the bidirectional selections automatically. C R4C4590 Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You or characters the of the that least inches) such as To follow these and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds back otherwise the Troubleshooting Sign-off:
A5 TRBLE.FM Sign-off: To the the the LF/FF while the To the using the the while the seconds, the the and of characters printed. To the the to Then or tear off the and turn off the If or to isolate the and software the received from the as You or that least inches) or A4 or single-sheet C R4C4590 Troubleshooting
C R4C4590 A5 TRBLE.FM To follow the below. and the turned off. Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To both the LF/FF and buttons while the software and to the the If they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as To off the to Then or tear off the and off the Troubleshooting Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: With Cut-Sheet A-2 the cut-sheet A-3 Loading from the cut-sheet A-6 Switching the tractor and the cut-sheet A-13 Loading manually from the A-14 A-15 the A-15 Loading of A-17 A-18 Optional interface A-19 interface A-20 C R4C4590 With A-1
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with High C80687 C80679 The the which country. EPSON the country. You the high-capacity cut-sheet or and cut-sheet combining the high-capacity and second-bin the cut-sheet installed, the high-capacity sheet as and the second-bin as The second-bin with the high- The second-bin from the high-capacity combined them. cut-sheet the that with The cut-sheet instructions to the cut-sheet to the You to of single-sheet or the high- cut-sheet of the You sheets the second-bin cut-sheet of the With the or of specifications, C. A-2 Enhancing With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: the cut-sheet The cut-sheet with sheets. To the cut-sheet to both the cut-sheet and the Follow the below. The second-bin only with the high- capacity both the high cut-sheet and the cut-sheet the as below. the cut-sheet as the sheet the turned off. the covers they and the the necessary. You to from the tractor to the cut-sheet information switching the cut-sheet and Chapter Switching and C R4C4590 With A-3
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM the cut-sheet both of While holding the both the notches each of the the mounting the the cut-sheet the the from the front of the Then the the cut-sheet the the mounting the the to the A-4 With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: the (If to the sheets, to this If the located the of the C R4C4590 With A-5
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM You ready to with cut-sheet as the section. To the cut-sheet off the and the the cut-sheet its instead of the Loading manually from the A-14 information. Loading from the cut-sheet This section to the high-capacity and second-bin cut-sheet single-sheet and the high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet single-sheet the type that the top of the To allow the to than sheets the the cut-sheet A-6 Enhancing With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: Loading from the high-capacity cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet of the as follows: both the to allow Release the them C R4C4590 With A-7
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM the right that its with the the cut-sheet and back the to the Next, the to roughly match the of the the A-8 With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: of to then the and of the to the the right and the of the that matches the of the allows the to and freely. Then the with the If the top-down. C R4C4590 Enhancing With A-9
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM the to the the feeding selected. the thickness to the the cut-sheet the Thickness software, from the and from the Source (If from DOS the using the Tear (LQ-680) or the Source the If or postcards, Card or Envelope the as and Postcards The cut-sheet when to the You the A-10 Enhancing With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: Loading from the second-bin cut-sheet Follow the below to the of the cut-sheet You the second-bin cut-sheet without the high-capacity cut-sheet although the the second- both and the right to the and the the to the C R4C4590 With A-11
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM of to the right of the with the right to the with the the and to the and then back the to the feeding selected. the thickness to the the cut-sheet Selecting Source and the Thickness software, from the and from the Source (If from DOS the the Tear (LQ-680) or the Source the The cut-sheet when to the You the button. A-12 With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Proof Sign-off: Switching the tractor and the cut-sheet You easily switch from the and from the cut-sheet without Switching to Follow the below to switch to from the tractor. If the path, the to them. Select the feeding, as Chapter Selecting Source. the to its and the the Switching to To switch back to sheets from the cut-sheet follow these If the the Tear (LQ-680) or the Tear Off/Special to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the The the to the The attached to the the path. C R4C4590 With A-13
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM Select single-sheet feeding, as Chapter Selecting Source. the and the Loading manually from the The cut-sheet single-sheet allows to switch to type or of without the the cut-sheet or the Follow these that the single-sheet feeding selected, as Selecting Source. the thickness to as Chapter the Thickness the to its necessary, and the the A-14 With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: the with the the of the to seconds, the the to the The ready to from and the the the and the and lights If the and the The the and The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that This option the To the follow the below. Turn off the C R4C4590 Enhancing With A-15
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM Facing the back of the both the to the right, and the the to the right. the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the Gently the the positioning the to the when the the A-16 With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: Loading of To of the follow these the leading of the straight across. the through the of the the and the the the from the top of the and the of the the C R4C4590 With A-17
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM Turn the and that the single-sheet feeding selected as Selecting Source. Bring the leading of the the and the The the automatically. backward. To the where the Press the Load/Eject to the A-18 With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: Optional interface You optional interface to built-in interface and compatibility. The EPSON interface the below with (Not the interfaces the Card type C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 bidirectional) interface C82362 /C82363 Ethernet interface C82364 C82384 Int. The the which country. interface C82363 to the optional interface (C82525 to the interface If the C82305 /C82306 optional interface to the to of the following: If whether optional interface or to know about interfaces, C R4C4590 With A-19
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM interface Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws the shield to the back of the and the the interface the both of the the to the the back of the the internal Then the screws and them. A-20 Enhancing With Sign-off:
A5 OPTIONS.FM Sign-off: the The the usually covered with the shield plate to the interface To the interface the C R4C4590 With A-21
C R4C4590 A5 OPTIONS.FM A-22 Enhancing With Sign-off:
A5 CLEANING.FM Sign-off: Cleaning and the Cleaning the B-2 Transporting the B-3 C R4C4590 Cleaning and Transporting the B-1
C R4C4590 A5 CLEANING.FM Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly To follow these the the turned off. the If optional cut-sheet to and from the and If the outer or or them with cloth with the cover closed to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think B-2 Cleaning and Transporting the Sign-off:
A5 CLEANING.FM Sign-off: Transporting the If to the and as below. Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the the If options them and them their boxes. the cover. that the head Then the as Chapter or the Ribbon Cartridge. the and the and them the C R4C4590 Cleaning and Transporting the B-3
C R4C4590 A5 CLEANING.FM B-4 Cleaning and Transporting the Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: C Specifications Specifications C-2 Mechanical. C-2 C-4 C-6 C-6 C-6 Printable C-11 C-14 CE C-14 Command C-15 EPSON ESC/P2 C-15 IBM C-16 C R4C4590 Specifications C-1 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM Specifications Mechanical High-speed LQ LQ Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch Printable Friction (front tractor Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) Continuous inches/second) 1/6-inch spacing C-2 Specifications Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: capacity: High-capacity cut-sheet to sheets of to or to to head) MTBF POH duty) head Acoustic (A) (ISO and Height inches) inches) inches) LQ-680 Ribbon: Black (S015016) Ribbon characters (LQ, character) C R4C4590 The thickness of the to inch). cut-sheet to sheets of The thickness of the to inch) Specifications C-3 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM Interfaces: One bidirectional interface with IEEE and optional interface 64KB EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C C-4 Specifications Sign-off: Scalable EPSON EPSON (every EPSON EPSON (every EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC- A, UPC-E, POSTNET
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Character One and graphical character PC (US PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (French-Canadian), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Character international character and character USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, II, II, selected only with the ESC command. C R4C4590 Following graphical character PC PC (Eastern PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland), MJK (CSFR), ISO ISO 1T PC (LST PC (Lithuanian), ISO PC LAT. PC UKR PC APTEC PC PC PC AR Specifications C-5 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC the the back of the the of to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH postcards, and and as follows: to C to F) to RH that or or curled. C-6 Specifications Sign-off: to (without the character type)
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Ordinary sheets: front and cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) Second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) Thickness to to inch) Cut-sheet to to inch) to to Cut-sheet to to Single-sheet forms: front and high-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) top to to inches) to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) to C R4C4590 Specifications C-7 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM Thickness to to inch) to to the top or of High-capacity cut-sheet the top of front and high-capacity cut-sheetfeeder inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Postcards: front and high-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Thickness inch) with optional inches) Thickness to to inch) to to C-8 Specifications Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) Gathering to inch) to to to to of or/and both The ratio of the the perforation should and The thickness of the perforation when should or The perforation should the to the of the the should or the and perforation crossing, and below the perforation and and right the perforation. C R4C4590 Specifications C-9 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM Continuous with only): and of the as to Thickness Printable to to inch) to inch) other below inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) C-10 Specifications Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Printable sheets, postcards, and The top inch). and from cut-sheet inch). The and right inch) each. The inches). sheets than inches), the increase to match the of the C The inch). C R4C4590 C C Specifications C-11 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM Continuous and The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C-12 Specifications Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Continuous with The top from the perforation to the inch). The and right inch) each. The inches). C The from the to the perforation inch) each. C R4C4590 Printable C Specifications C-13 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN EN C-14 Specifications Sign-off:
A5 SPEC.FM Sign-off: Command the following EPSON ESC/P2 and IBM EPSON ESC/P2 Selecting EPSON ESC/P2 software allows to and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC (V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC (U Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (B C R4C4590 Specifications C-15 C
C R4C4590 A5 SPEC.FM IBM This the IBM the commands below. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphic ESC ESC Download: Download provided. C-16 Specifications Proof Sign-off:
A5 CUSTOMER.FM Sign-off: Customer Information Contacting Customer Support. D-2 North D-3 the United and the of Ireland D-4 D-6 D-7 D-8 D-8 D-9 the D-10 C R4C4590 Customer Information D-1
C R4C4590 A5 CUSTOMER.FM Contacting Customer If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information. Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with D-2 Customer Information Sign-off:
A5 CUSTOMER.FM Sign-off: North America If purchased the United States or EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON E-MAIL To technical through Technical to and the the troubleshooting as requested. Automated of services Telephone Services hours To these services, tone and To directly to technical (U.S.), or AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase C R4C4590 Customer Information D-3
C R4C4590 A5 CUSTOMER.FM of the other software the that software technical information. You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please the United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) LTD of services and technical the World information the EPSON products, software and to To EPSON Technical Support: of EPSON Customer and Warranty services: D-4 Customer Information Sign-off:
A5 CUSTOMER.FM Sign-off: Telephone Customer and Warranty teams the UK or from the of Ireland. They the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty the UK or from the of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the following information: information and EPSON products Where to purchase EPSON and options C R4C4590 Customer Information D-5
C R4C4590 A5 CUSTOMER.FM EPSON wishes to with high of service. to the following information: Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to URL Access the EPSON World Worth the The EPSON information and technical EPSON service EPSON service the specifications EPSON products offered and the through of choices the information to EPSON EPSON as to to the and operating EPSON EPSON products and where the or service located. of D-6 Customer Information Sign-off:
A5 CUSTOMER.FM Sign-off: The to the information when The information the the This information includes EPSON type of operating and information information, and services World (www.epson.co.in) Information specifications, (FAQ), Products and Technical Head Office: Phone: C R4C4590 Customer Information D-7
C R4C4590 A5 CUSTOMER.FM information, and services World (www.epson.com.my) Information specifications, (FAQ), and Head Office Sources of information, and services from World (www.epson.com.sg) Information specifications, (FAQ), and with the following the and information Product or service and warranty D-8 Customer Information Sign-off:
A5 CUSTOMER.FM Sign-off: To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: C R4C4590 Customer Information D-9
C R4C4590 A5 CUSTOMER.FM the To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: D-10 Customer Information Sign-off:
Sign-off: feed this option turned the or the EPSON each (CR) followed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally), from to right and then right to This increases the reduce character of numbers, and that with the of characters characters inch The of characters that inch of text the of the characters. pitch that both perforated and to such as or feed, instead of characters. characters inch cut-sheet that of the or that when (such as turned or initialized. dithering which to or Dithering with such as charts and halftoning of which each or of A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4590
A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4590 The when as the The character ESC/P EPSON the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P2 The of the ESC/P of type such as or feed (FF) and that the to the top- of-form of using to to of using or nearly of using of dithering troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that it as as ASCII that characters. interface The the and the through which transmitted to the that oriented the This that than high and spreadsheets. (LQ) The with readability and appearance reduced Sign-off:
Sign-off: feed (LF) and that the that allows to precisely the tear-off and top-of-form pitch The of the which measured the of character inch The characters inch that oriented upright the (as to which the This the or software that commands the of of the amount of that represented. of measured the of inch the of the the internally printed. The of when attached to the the tear-off The of where tear off the tear-off the the tear-off that the perforation with the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top the the top-of-form which the head only. Unidirectional graphics because You using the or the EPSON bidirectional A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4590
A5 GLOSS.FM C R4C4590 Sign-off: