rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P2 of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
to and Notes Instructions. ENERGY STAR United Users. of options information. the the and Lights. Selecting built-in About Continuous with the from the Switching back to sheets with the tractor. the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off Loading sheets the paper-thickness and Cut-sheet tractor the Ribbon Cartridge. EPSON the
the Software the with and Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with and NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the About the EPSON Utility. EPSON Accessing EPSON the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON Troubleshooting the and Cleaning the Transporting the
Specifications Mechanical and Command EPSON ESC/P2 IBM Contacting Customer users North America users the United and the of Ireland. the East South Africa users users Thailand users users users the
to EPSON LQ-300+ high-quality and performance Its of to The to of types, including (with and to three sheets, and High-speed of to (characters second) (characters inch). with the and other software, including the EPSON Microsoft XP or NT The EPSON the of and easily. and Notes This the following to injury. to to Notes information and the of to
Instructions of these instructions using the follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the and the and through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, that the of the the the cleaning and clean with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. to
the and servicing to the following If the or If the the or the If the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or users: A- This the head to that the head the head the used. the head cool touching to
NERGY TAR C The International NERGY TAR Office partnership with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. to NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
information Warning: This earthed. to the rating plate and that the to the If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the The connected to the the with the If to the the or with of the and The wires the to this coloured to the following and yellow Earth to
to
Chapter the the and Lights. Selecting built-in About the You operationssuch as feeding, feeding, and ejecting and selecting with the buttons the The lights the information the buttons and the lights the and Lights the front cover. the
and Lights Tear lights* when the tear-off otherwise, the lights the selected Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form *Font the the to the Tear The Tear lights off or to the selected the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and to the top-of-form or tear-off the the LF/FF when and released. Ejects or to the top-of-form when Loads of Ejects of loaded. Loads from the backwards to the light On when the selected or when correctly. Flashes when or occurred. temporarily, and when three seconds, the To off, light On when the Flashes when the the Flashes when the head overheated.
Selecting built-in Follow these to built-in the buttons the that the If the three seconds to the The light to flash. The three Tear lights the selection. Press the Tear repeatedly to through of the then when reach the with shown the selection usually from the to and pitch. The Tear directly OCR-B, Orator-S, or H. To of these first the to as the other and then Others using the Tear selected the the
About The While these functions through software or to from the using the The following the and the options the The the instructions the the
tractor* inches: perforation On, tear off On, feed On, Software ESC/P2, IBM High On, I/F I/F seconds, seconds BPS Parity I/F bidirectional On, Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC the
International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 Pitch Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, (PS), (PS) CR (IBM On, A.G.M. (IBM On, second, seconds, seconds, seconds, Others On, On, The options the country of purchase. **These when IBM selected. tractor This allows to the inches) perforation This when selected. On the one-inch the and the first the the from the should this only top and the
tear off tear off and with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the automatically the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off, to the perforation to the tear-off the the Tear information. the each (CR) with feed and the to the If the every return, You bidirectional or normally bidirectional however, allows which graphics. to the the and which Software ESC/P2 the operates the EPSON ESC/P IBM the IBM the
The character when this turned It when this turned off. The allows to easily distinguish the and High choose On the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface. If connected to or the interface the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which I/F (interface) This when I/F (interface) to This the when from interface whether through the other interface. You seconds or seconds the interface this option to the the interface. The measured and software the the
Parity this option to The used, basic of and software the the of the interface to or and software the I/F bidirectional The interface bidirectional when this turned If bidirectional unnecessary, turn this off. Select to the IEEE-1284.4 If or this off. Character You from to character the country of purchase. information the International character You international character the character character characters that the country or the to the
Pitch You from pitch Font You the The selected appears Others the The indicated the selected the CR This only the IBM each (LF) or ESC This the to the of the This the amount of the the and when If the its to satisfaction, increase the The when the Indicators information If the to when this off. this the that the try to the and to the when the LF/FF the
Follow these to the and the To the selection instructions and the instructions, or sheets of A4 or single-sheet or or of that least inches) and inches) If without optional cut-sheet to of each the and the turned off. off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the While holding the Tear the The the and the selection instructions Follow the instructions to the the instruction the of necessary. The the Press the Tear The the instructions (three or four the selected. The instructions the change, to them, and the lights the
Follow these instructions to the using the the turn off the and the them the The the instruction the Turn off the when finished
Continuous from inches) to inches) where the tractor, as or tractor. The following where to the tractor: to switch and without the supply? tear off sheet-by-sheet? the the tractor (The with the tractor this the following section. or other that the tractor as tractor. with the tractor instructions. with the the tractor, to the tear off the to On About Follow these to the tractor:
the turned off. the cover and the and the paper-release the Release the the
the the the as The to the right of the the back to Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and the the
To the incoming from the the holding and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the click. Turn the the the right of the only to clear and when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form
the closed. Press the LF/FF to the to the the automatically. follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or its the the top-of-form the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the back to the from the Follow these to the Press the Tear the Tear lights (This that the tear-off
the cover, then tear off the the tear-off of the the cover. To to the where the the Load/Eject Then the covers of the tractor and the If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off using the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and
tear off the feeding Switching back to sheets To switch to the the the backwards the Then, follow the Loading tear off the feeding with the tractor To the tractor, the to the tractor as through this If tractor already this the turned off and to the the right of the only to clear and only when the off. the or to the top-of-form the tractor, the tear off the to otherwise, the
Turn the off; then the and the Next, the the and the from the Finally, the paper-release to the the tractors both and then the to from the
the to the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the tractor the should the notches Release the the
the the or the as shown below, and the using the the as The to the right of the the that its match the of the the and the Then the right to match the width of the the
clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and then To the incoming from the the and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the click. the cover and the with the Turn the the perforation the head. Then the the cover closed, with the cover the automatically. the from the or
If to the where the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then the top-of-form the section to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to the the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top-of-form Follow these the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. the turned If necessary, as this chapter. the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the
Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the Load/Eject to the top-of-form the cover The and top-of-form If to it these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form To the top-of-form the tractor, the following
the top-of-form the to the Advancing the to the tear-off If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off manually, the Tear or automatically, turning the tear-off inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the (0.1inch) (0.33inch)
the tear-off (as below) to feed with backwards; they off their and the the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights Then the Tear button. The the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off To to the tear-off to turn the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these to the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off
tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The light to and the the Press the LF/FF to the backwards, or the to feed the forwards, the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the tear-off
the tear-off the to the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and You single-sheet the of the single-sheet from to to inches) single-sheet or other to the the thickness to the To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet and specifications the of single-sheet Specifications You the to single-sheet that the top the bound first and Loading Follow these to sheets:
the turned off. that the paper-release back to the single-sheet and the the upright as shown below. the the Next, the right to match the of
of the the without other buttons. the to the the right of the to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form of types, including and and should than inch) from of the information the of Specifications
thicker-than-normal or software the within the the of these the head. the paper-thickness to the thickness Follow these to the thickness Turn the off and the cover. The paper-thickness the of the The to the the thickness the below to the thickness. type sheets or or
the cover. You or single-sheet of to four the the thickness as the section. The following only that or or only single-sheet that the top. the first the that of and waves. If to the software or the as the top-of-form the with the If this the type sheets or to
You the tractor as tractor and from the to the thickness as the paper-thickness the following Choose mounted with with tractor. as sheets, because the slightly. the as would ordinary with the tractor instructions. to and humidity, them operating the within the Specifications specifications.) the they around the and when To the from the tear off the fresh supply the of the then LF/FF to the of the feed backwards through the they easily off the and the If become the
You individually the the following the thickness to the the paper-thickness To follow the Loading sheets the of the the first, the the and the and the within the The head the or right of the or other thick Specifications specifications.) Its to of
and Cut-sheet The optional cut-sheet (C80637 to of or without reloading. Follow these to the cut-sheet the turned off. the and the cover. If the tractor the and the push-tractor the paper-release the single-sheet
the cut-sheet both and the the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Releasing the the cut-sheet
the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the the the the and to allow
of and Next, the and of the to the or the cut-sheet to sheets of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the the from the the with the cut-sheet the the the to the cut-sheet as shown below. from Release Release
the to the the Then the right to the of You easily switch and cut-sheet operation. Switching back to sheets of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the the properly and tractor tractor (C80030 as option. You the performance of using tractors the This with and Follow these to and and tractor: the paper-release pulled to the the included tractor the push-tractor the of the push-tractor. Continuous To the from the cut-sheet both release and the the cover when
Turn the the LF/FF to Release the of the tractor and the to match the of the that the both tractors that the crooked. the covers. the of the the of the and the as necessary. the covers. If there the the and tractors, and turn the the right of the to the that the crooked or and the the and the
The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with This option Follow these to and the Turn off the and the the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the the paper-release to the single-sheet to the when the the
the leading of the straight across. the through the of the the and the the that from the of the Then the Bring the leading of the the sheets and the the the to the it the Then the right to the
The optional (C83211 includes and Follow these to the Turn off the and the cover and the cover the and as shown below.
the the right of the with the facing the of the to the the the the the the head to the of the then the the to the of the
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the the as shown; then both of the to the the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the should or creased. the and cover. the the as
If the top or of the characters the from the the the characters red. If the top the forwards. If the yellow, the backwards. Then another to this the properly using the ribbon, the reduced. To switch to the ribbon, the as shown the that with the optional then the as the Ribbon Cartridge You this as the BASE TX (C82378 the interface the with this option instructions and
the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They operation and of the head and other Other products EPSON to which covered warranties. the following EPSON EPSON S015077 EPSON the Follow these to or the the turned off. Warning: If the the head the
the cover to the upright then to that the head inches) from the (If the and then, turn off the Then the from the the from its
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to and the cover
Chapter the Software the with and Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with and NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the About the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON the Software
the with and You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the the Software
To the the top of the the below to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the section to the the four Graphics, and Utility. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to the to their Once and ready to the Software
the with You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. the information about the this that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. the to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the the the Double-click the The appears. the Software
highlighted, then The appears. To to the section to the the You the (or and the of the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the with and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and the the Software
While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the The the following section from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the or from the of software. The or appears. the Software
that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software
To the the top of the the below to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the The this from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Click the and then to Click Right-click and The the which the and Advanced These the the Software
the software appears, which includes to the To the the top of the the section to the the from which the and Advanced. You the the of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the Software
the with NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and the to the the Software
Click (or to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and the to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the the the The highlighted, then and The appears. Click the then You the which includes the and the below to the the Software
Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and the below to the the You the and the Advanced of the To these boxes, the previous sections the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to The following the that of The shown below. Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom or and the the that appears. Select or Landscape. Source Select the to the Software
Explanations Select the The higher the Graphics select, the however, increasing the If this option from the Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of Intensity/ the to or Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to with the the the EPSON You the EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Click this to the and input the RGB or other The appears. the this The shown below. Explanations EPSON You the EPSON when this To the the the selected. the Software
About the EPSON The EPSON that with or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON only when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional The EPSON when the as If the using the or using the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as using the EPSON to the README the This the information the Explanations Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON information, EPSON the Software
EPSON Follow these to EPSON the as the with and or the with and NT Click the Preferences The Preferences appears. The following the Software Select the item ON/OFF Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. Turn this to the selected
Accessing EPSON To the EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the to the and follow the instruction. the then the EPSON To to the the with and or the with and NT the EPSON as the following appears. You information this Allow of this selected, shared shared other Click the to items to the shared when this selected. the Software
the EPSON The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow these to the EPSON the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM At the DOS type D:\SETUP (If the other than D, D with the Then Select the and then C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to the C:\EPUTIL directory. Accessing EPSON To the EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this You the EPSON C:\PANEL the DOS and then The PRNSET and PANEL slightly. The PANEL of EPSON that the often the Software
Chapter Troubleshooting the Indicators. and Supply. Troubleshooting
the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If this to the section. light The the selected Troubleshooting from another currently the path. The correctly. the Press the to the paper-release back to the and the to clear the from the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. and Continuous instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. Turn off the the cover, tear off the supply and the to the
flashing of (three of The once when the function light back to the of ejected. the The head overheated. the lights occurred. the Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light, necessary. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as the the once the head cooled. Turn off the and off then the If the Troubleshooting
and while operating You the operation of the If the properly the the the software, or the interface If the or service If or to isolate the and To turn off the Next, the and LF/FF buttons while the Then from The the Troubleshooting
The lights the What to The that the properly the The outlet If the outlet operating. switch or another such as the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned What to The of the and outlet match. The The PAUSE light off nothing printed. What to that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to Troubleshooting
The software that the software properly. properly as the softwares The interface match the of the or The light and the three What to The of the The sounds nothing printed. What to The properly. The the The the sounds and the abruptly. What to The or Turn off the and or other The the cool. Then to overheated. If the correctly The sounds and the PAUSE light What to Troubleshooting both of the interface the both the and specifications.
occurred. Turn off the and If the PAUSE light or If there or service (If when switch and the paper-release the Troubleshooting
The or Printed characters the What to The the Ribbon Cartridge properly. The What to The the as the Ribbon Cartridge characters or graphics of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. What to Either there too the or the Printed characters what expected The or characters with software What to Troubleshooting the as the Ribbon Cartridge
The software that the software correctly properly instructions, Chapter the Software. The selected the What to software the software. Troubleshooting
The what expected too high or too the or the of the top of the What to software the or top-of-form incorrect. software. match the of the What to The incorrect. The the match the of the the What to One-inch feed properly feed. Troubleshooting the software and necessary. the About to off the About
What to the the the paper-release to the single-sheet The the too to the or right the to that there. feeding crooked or the What to The correctly or of the type. completely. What to The too Press the LF/FF to the that within the the Specifications the (and the to the or right. Turn off the and the sheet straight the using the right type of the Specifications Troubleshooting
Continuous properly The the What to The paper-release that the paper-release the pulled to the If turn off the the and The off the to the tractor. the tractor. feeding crooked or the What to The the supply obstructed. or other The supply too that supply from the within of the The the cover. The the the incorrect. diamond-shaped The the of the that the the of the with each other. the and their covers closed. the or thickness the Troubleshooting that the and thickness within the information the specifications.
the with the The properly. What to The too Tear off the fresh supply of and the from the that within the specified Specifications switch and the sounds and the PAUSE light What to You to the paper-release while the the to the the paper-release to the previous and the Then the paper-release Troubleshooting
the cut-sheet the properly The feed. What to The cut-sheet incorrectly the The paper-release that the paper-release the back to the single-sheet You too sheets. sheets the information the and of that with the cut-sheet the head. The the the incorrect. diamond-shaped There the or What to You too the information the and of that with the cut-sheet You to the of the Troubleshooting as Cut-sheet the and
The crooked. What to The or sheets of creased. There too sheets. the The right and the to match the too of You the right type of the cut-sheet too heavy or too light. One of to What to software that the and incorrect. software correct. the of and cut-sheet information the specifications. Troubleshooting
Switching the cut-sheet and the properly The type What to The paper-release the to the or the back to sheets. the tractor with the tractor, properly crooked or the What to The tractor and correctly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the The caught that the the the and that the correctly. With the the properly The lights the What to Troubleshooting both tractors, that the both evenly.
You the Follow the instructions the The or characters printed. What to software properly The the Ribbon Cartridge properly. the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the caused or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You the sheets or Continuous or instructions. the (or to the and as If software of the using the ESC command. Command Troubleshooting
Follow these to using loaded, and the release to the Then off the turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the the while holding the LF/FF using single-sheet the To the the to If the the LF/FF to the printed Then off the off the while the the to and the LF/FF to the off the Troubleshooting You should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the
Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these to the the turned off. the If tractor or optional cut-sheet to and from the outer and If the outer or or clean them with cloth with the cover and the top of the to from the
or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the Transporting the If to the and Follow these to the its Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the from the the If If options installed, them and them their boxes. to the or or the of the with the EPSON think
that the head Then the as the Ribbon Cartridge the tractor that with the the and their and them the
cover cover interface interface tractor switch paper-release thickness
Specifications Mechanical High Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected using software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch Printable Friction (top entry) tractor entry) or and tractor (optional) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) LQ LQ
inches/second) (optional): shifting Ribbon Reliability: head) MTBF POH and inches) 1/6-inch head Black ribbon: inches) inches) including the and release and
Ribbon: Black (S015077) Black Acoustic (A) (ISO Black characters characters characters characters characters characters (LQ, character)
Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE-1284 and One EIA-232D interface 32KB EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C Scalable EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET
Character One and graphical character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (French-Canadian), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Character international character and character USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, II, II, America, selected with the ESC command. The following graphical character countries: PC PC (Eastern PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland), MJK (CSFR), ISO ISO ISO 1T PC (LST PC ISO PC LAT. PC UKR PC APTEC PC PC PC AR
to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC the the back of the the of Operation to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH and single-sheet and as follows: to C to F) Humidity: to RH that or or curled. (without to the character type)
sheets and cut-sheet Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inch) to to to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of inches) inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inch) to to
Thickness to to inch) to to Continuous and rear and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness Printable to to inch) to to to to of or bound both inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) Gathering to inch)
with optional Printable sheets and The top inch). The and right inch) each. C The inch). inches) Thickness to to inch) to to The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C C
Continuous The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the
The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches).
the The to the of the and Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN Australian EMC AS/NZS Class
Command the EPSON ESC/P2 and IBM below. EPSON ESC/P2 Selecting EPSON ESC/P2 software allows to advanced and graphics. operation: feeding: motion: Font selection: Font Spacing: ESC ESC U, ESC EM FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC ESC ESC ESC (V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC
ESC ESC ESC (U Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (B ESC IBM This the IBM the commands below. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC
motion: Font selection: Font Spacing: Character Download: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC BS, SP, ESC ESC ESC ESC [T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC*(AGM*) ESC ESC Download Commond
Contacting Customer If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with
North America If purchased the United States or EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the EPSON E-MAIL Technical To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as requested. Automated Telephone of services Services hours To these services, tone telephone and To directly to technical (U.S.), or AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase
of the using other software the that software technical information. You purchase and from EPSON or (U.S. only). please users the United and the of Ireland of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to Chat directly with technician Technical
Telephone UK The of Ireland and Nearest Telephone: UK The of Ireland UK The of Ireland users the East of these services English only. Select country from of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to
Chat directly with technician Technical Technical and Telephone Telephone: and Nearest Select country from users of these services English only. Select country from of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to Chat directly with technician
Technical Telephone Norway and Nearest Norway South Africa of these services English only. Telephone: Telephone: Telephone: Telephone:
of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to Chat directly with Technical Telephone Telephone: or and Nearest Telephone: or users EPSON wishes to with high of service. to the following information:
Dont that and The should the first they often and easily as as the to URL the EPSON World Worth the The EPSON information and technical EPSON Service EPSON service the specifications EPSON products offered and the through of choices the information to EPSON EPSON as to to the and operating EPSON EPSON products and where the or service located. of answered The
to the information when The information the the This information includes EPSON type of operating and information required. users Sources of information, and services from World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical with the following the and information Product or service and warranty Thailand information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), and
with the following the and information Product or service and warranty users information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through and information
EPSON Phone/Fax: Phone/Fax: Phone/Fax: Natour users To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to
of EPSON World (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the following and numbers: information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through BBS: Phone:
(M) SDN. BHD Head Office. and information (Infoline) services warranty, and technical users information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), Products and Technical Phone:
Head Office Offices: Phone: Phone: Cochin City and
users the To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Corporation the telephone and and below: World Information specifications, (FAQ), and with the following the and information Product or service and warranty Phone:
paper-thickness to tear-off to top-of-form to CR I/F (interface) feed, tear-off, Bidirectional selecting, C Character Cleaning the Contacting EPSON, Continuous to specifications, to Customer Cut-sheet to length, to
option to IBM specifications, EPSON EPSON to indication, to ESC/P, to Font High I/F (interface) IBM to If, International character International character specifications, Lights. feed to to specifications,
to Cut-sheet to to to tractor, specifications, to Paper-thickness to I/F (interface) bidirectional Parity, Printable to from or NT to from to from or to from NT to to EPSON from tractor, to Ribbon to specifications, to instructions, to
to specifications, perforation, Software Specifications built-in character ESC/P, to IBM to international character mechanical, to to to and EPSON Tear-off, to to automatically, Technical Transporting the Unidirectional