XXX-00
and Lights Font Selects the Chapter Font lights Indicate which selected. Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top- of-form Selects cut-sheet when the cut-sheet the to and Chapter Tear lights when the tear-off o when of the optional selected. o when of the optional selected. when the the the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and to the top-of-form or tear-off On Flashing o and off the light Lights when the LF/FF when shortly. Ejects sheet or to the top-of-form when of Ejects of loaded. Loads from the to the light On when the selected or correctly. Flashes when or occurred. temporarily, and when three seconds, the To off, light On when the when the the Flashes when the head overheated.
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or expressly the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC United States WARNING
to EPSON high-quality and performance the the United States, and of to The to of types, including with and to four and High-speed of to characters characters inch with software, the EPSON Microsoft or NT that the of and easily, and other software. options to to
Easy-to-Use This section highlights easy-to-use features that helpful. the tear-off to to If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear- off when Then easily tear off and normally information, Chapter
the release to the without from the tractor. the to the top-of-form and tear-off the of the top-of-form and tear-off the release easily switch to sheets without the the tractor. information, The allows to the or 1/180-inch that to the top-of-form and tear-off information, to release
Paths of and single-sheet below, the from the top, front, or rear. You the that You choose from tractor and and three (front, rear, and This section which and tractor the sections Chapter and instructions. the If often to tear off sheets of purchase or to the tractor. This allows to the tear-off to easily tear off of the perforation. Also, when the tractor, sheets of from the without the from the tractor. The tractor the rear when the shipped. the below about the paper-feeding path. Tractor to with the the off their the and
tractor If thick or heavy such as or with tractor the The with the prevention, and allows to from the front, rear, or of the However, the tear-off with the tractor. If to tractor the the from the and the or purchase optional (C80020 and the Chapter instructions. You the front, or with the tractor. front If thick such as or with the front this straight. This reduces the chance of The the straightest path, the to when thick such as or with the to with enough the to through without obstruction to
the and tractor You feeding and reduce tractors the This helpful or and high-quality graphics. Combination and information to tractors the and tractors the to You from the from the path, which performance, the front or whenever with the the off their the and To the with the tractor, to purchase the optional (C80020 and the with the when with the tractor. If with the tractor, the off their the and
You from the top or the front of the You ordinary sheets from with already the tractor. This section which single-sheet instructions. Loading the top You ordinary sheets, or the top the top only. to
Loading the front You ordinary sheets, single-sheet or the front the front to single-sheet with everything necessary to and of paths. options, such as cut-sheet or front further Optional interface to built-in interface. information options A, Enhancing With to
Ribbon Cartridge the following becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They and of the head and other To follow the instructions or the Ribbon Cartridge the optional when high operations, the Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the EPSON EPSON to
to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the the the cleaning, and clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to the following with this Turn off the and cool with this to If the or the the or the or the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions.
If to the Germany, the following: Head ENERGY STAR The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused To short-circuit protection and protection this the building protected users: A- The the head that this the head the used. the head cool touching NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. to
United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to the rating and that the to the If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. to The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth
If to the the or with of the and To This information and The Reference that with the information to the and Notes This the following to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of to
to
Chapter the Unpacking the Choosing the Positioning the supply. or the Ribbon Cartridge Attaching the the Connecting the to the Software. the software or NT the software or NT DOS the
Unpacking the this should include EPSON software CD-ROM, Notice and the following items: the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country of purchase; the the right location. There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, the
You protective around and it and the Follow the the Notice Sheet with the to these and protective to the the It should its or Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and using or the to and from sunlight, light, heat or or to and the near outlet where easily the cord. French-speaking users: fiche the
switches or timers. information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the clear and the section.) If to follow these that least that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the Positioning the supply using with the tractor the smoothly the as shown below. the rear front
or the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON the of EPSON or EPSON Products EPSON to covered warranties. Warning: You to the head to or the If the the head cool touching the turned off. If the connected to from the the head while the the the
the cover its back and then straight and off. the each of the and the and off the the the the tractor to the
that the head cool touching Then the head to the of the hand. If the its and it straight Properly of the the
the from the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon-tightening the its and then both of the to the the the
pointed such as to the the head and Turn the ribbon-tightening to feed the the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the
To the the mounting Then both of the clicks the cover first the front the the and then lowering the cover clicks. the You the optional the the However, should follow the below when using ribbon:
Attaching the To the follow these the cover as shown below. the the the of the the Then the back to the the of the the each of the ordinary only. the paper-thickness to the lowest the
the cover. the
the the turned off. the the back of the to its matches that of the matches If the attached to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded Warning: It to the If the rated and match, the cord. the
Connecting the to interface IEEE-1284 interface and optional interface. Optional interface cards A-4 information. If type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces Optional interface cards A-4. Follow the below to the to using interface or ground both the and turned off. the securely the interface the
the together they both of the If ground wire, to the ground as shown below. the other of the the the to the software as the section. the
the Software the to to the software included the EPSON software CD- ROM shipped with software includes: The the software that or With such as and EPSON or NT only) The EPSON of and displays information. EPSON DOS-based The EPSON allows to easily the from the the EPSON Utility To the software, the software or NT or the software or NT this section. If DOS, DOS the software or NT Follow the below to the software or NT the software NT information. the
If to of the software CD-ROM, the CD and the EPSETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. If the of the EPSON software, of the EPSON software or installation. or NT and the off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. (If using the then the and the Click to the software Select from the then follow the instructions the If the New screen or other appears when and follow the information and the software, Chapter the Software. the or NT EPSON information and the the
the software or NT Follow the below to the software or NT the software NT information. and the the software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM (If of software Choose from the The appears. the Command type D:SETUP (If CD-ROM other than D, or the Then OK Select from the The copying the software the If to of the software CD-ROM, type EPSETUP instead of SETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions.
the OK to the The selects the LQ-580/LQ- as the applications. information and the software, Chapter the Software. DOS To the from DOS to the or another from the of Choose the EPSON the the or of DOS If the include the choose the first from this If the software to LQ-870 LQ-570/570+ LQ-850+ LQ-850 LQ-510/550 LQ-200 LQ-500 LQ-860+ LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800 LQ-1500 the
the
Chapter the Release the Thickness the Tractor Loading the tractor. from the tractor Removing the tractor the tractor the the Tractor the the tractor the Loading the Removing the from the tractors the the tractor Loading Forms. Loading Continuous With Removing with Switching and Switching to Switching to the Top-of-Form Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge the Tear button. Advancing the to the tear-off the tear-off Continuous
the Release There the including the tractor. the release to the to as the below. To which and Paths release
The below each release release Single-sheet single-sheet from the top or front information Chapter from the the the to this when using the and from the top of the the the tractor the the rear, or Continuous
the Thickness the thickness allows the to thicknesses of The thickness located the cover. You of the to the Continuous thickness
the following to the thickness to match the thickness of C specifications. with with the tractor. To them, the the If the smeared, to the thickness higher to If the or to the thickness to type* sheets or or with: Continuous with to Continuous
the Tractor To the tractor, the information when to the tractor, Paths The the when the shipped. If the to the the Loading the tractor If the to and the as the tractor the tractor. To to thick the front or and the tractor. with the the off their the and
To the tractor, follow these the turned off. the cover and the holding both and the release to the the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness.
Release the and right the the to the of the the the the Then the back to Continuous front of the C, and Printable information the front of the
the right to match the of the the as shown clean, straight Then both covers and the first three of the the tractor Then the covers. the right to the then the the as Attaching the the the section of the and front of the Continuous
the to the of the Then the cover. Turn the You to and the as Chapter the the and The the the back of the follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or its the the Top-of- the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form
from the To the follow these the Tear lights flashing. (This the tear-off You to the Tear button. the cover, and tear off the the tear-off of the the cover. If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and Continuous
To feed to the where the the the of the Then the covers of the and the tear off the button. feeding Removing the To the from the follow these from the tractor as the section. Turn off the the holding both and it Press the tractors lock the tractor and it of the Continuous
the tractor the If tractor the to and the as Removing the tractor the tractor. To the the follow these the turned off. the holding both and the tractor's the the and both of the tractor to that seated. You ready to the tractor. To the tractor, the tractor Continuous
the Tractor the the tractor the thick and heavy such as or with the tear- off with the tractor. thick straight to should the front or when using the tractor. with the the off their sheet the and To further reduce the chance of and the performance of tractors this the both the and the tractor. tractors the the the To tractor the the tractor or purchase the optional (C80020 To the tractor, the tractor To tractor the follow these the turned off. Then the cover and off the Continuous
the each of the and the and off the the the tractor the mounting and both of the to that seated. You ready to the as the section. To the tractor, the tractor Continuous
Loading the the tractor, the front or the increase the chance of with the the off their the and To the tractor, follow these the turned off, and the cover that the the the to the of the the section of the and the release to the tractor the thickness to the thickness.
Release the and right the the to the of the the the as the arrow Then the back to C, and information the
the right to match the of the the as shown clean, straight Then both covers. the the front, or as below the and the Then the the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the front the front and Then the the the Then the and the Continuous
three each of the the both Then the covers. the right to the then the If the front the front cover with the as shown below. Then If the the and the together the of the and the section of the and Turn the Continuous
the and the top-of-form (the where the the LF/FF or the (To the the Top-of- The the without the the cover and the cover. You to and the as Chapter Then to the The from the without the The the the back of the Continuous the to the or to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form from the otherwise reduced.
the cover; then tear off the the perforation the the from the tractor tear off the supply of the perforation the To the the LF/FF Continuous
tractors the To feeding and reduce tractors the tractors the both the and the tractor. To the with the tractor, to purchase the optional (C80020 the optional as the tractor the To tractors, follow these the cover and the and the as this chapter. the release to the the thickness to the thickness. the tractor as earlier this Turn the Press the to the to the top-of-form Then the LF/FF the perforation the first and with the top of the ribbon. the the tractors as Loading the tractor the to the this the or to the top-of-form
the release to the Then the the and tractor the the Top-of-Form necessary. the release back to the tractor the the If necessary, follow the the Top-of-Form to the of the the Then the to the of the the section of the and the cover and the cover. You to and the as Chapter Then to the The from the without the The the the back of the the to the or to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form from the otherwise reduced.
the cover; then tear off the the perforation the To the from the tractor, follow the Removing the from the tractor the tractor To the from the follow these the tractor as Removing the from the tractor Turn off the Then the cover and the and off the Press the tractors the tractor and off the
the or the as the the To the the mounting Then both of the clicks the and the cover. Then the cover.
Loading You of to (four to the the thickness to the based the of layers with thick such as straight or straight path. It to using the front or and the tractor. the thickness the ordinary the sections earlier this chapter. inch) thickness the and inch) the perforated that curled, or If bound the of the from the head when the with head the head. Continuous
Loading Continuous With the type of that mounted with with tractor to with the properly. Thick such as with straight or straight path. to the the and the the front or You the ordinary the thickness to Loading the tractor information. with the the from the curved; off their the and to and humidity, them only operating as follows: to C to F) Humidity to RH with that curled, or wrinkled. the they around the and when
Removing with To off the and the follow the below when with from the Tear off the of the perforation the the LF/FF to the from the the or Tear backward, easily off the and
Switching and You easily switch back and forth with the tractor and without to or the Switching to sheets To switch from with the to sheets, follow these If the from switching to single-sheet Removing the from the tractor If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Then tear off the Press the to the to the The attached to the the path. sheets the top or front cover as Chapter Tear off the the feeding the to while the this the or to the tear- off Continuous
Switching to To switch from sheets to with the tractor, follow these If the the to that the tractor the To the the the the the as earlier this chapter. The when the to while the this the or to the top-of-form
the Top-of-Form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top- of-form Follow these the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. turned If necessary, as earlier this chapter. If the tractor, the to the to the top-of-form the cover and off the the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the
Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form
the top-of-form the to To the top-of-form the tractor, the following First inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the Continuous
Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off manually the Tear or turning the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the of the perforation the the tear-off the tear-off the Tear or turning the tear-off as below) to with backward; they off their sheet and the the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Continuous
Advancing the to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the Continuous
Press the LF/FF the tear-off the to off the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and to feed the backward, or the to the the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If try to the tear-off these the and the tear-off
and Loading single-sheet Loading Loading Loading the Top Loading the
and shown below, single-sheet the top of the or the front cover. You ordinary single-sheet postcards, and single-sheet from to to inches) To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet A, Enhancing With the of single-sheet C. top front
The below shows the of the top and front and the thickness each type. information the thickness the Thickness If the smeared, to the thickness higher to quality. If the or to the thickness to that curled, or type thickness Ordinary single-sheet Top and front or (carbonless) Top and front Top to
Loading single-sheet You single-sheet the front only, as Loading the to follow these bound as shown below. You the front to single-sheet that the top. the top the of the front bound first and as shown below.
the thickness (located the cover) to the the inch) thickness. Loading You the top only, as Loading the Top follow these the top with the first and the the thickness (located the cover) to or to match the thickness of the that or that too thin; they and become If the of the with the arrow the
and as follows: the of the head, the within the of C the of Loading You the top or front as Loading the Top or Loading the follow these first, them the top to C to F) Humidity to RH
the thickness (located the cover) to the the Tear both Tear lights postcards, the Tear once to the of the optional cut-sheet selected.) only and as follows: to C to F) Humidity to RH
Loading the Top To the top follow these the properly. If as Attaching the the to the arrow the Next the right to match the of
the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. the the cover. Turn the necessary.
sheet of the The the and ready to the as Chapter and them necessary. Then to the the the and back the To the and of If to the If the first appears too high or this using the the Top-of- the to the top-of-form or when the this the or to the top-of-form The from when the with the instructions,
Loading the To the front follow these the properly. If as Attaching the the cover closed. If the front cover closed, the both of the cover. the to the arrow the
the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. the Turn the necessary.
with the the The the and ready to You to and the as Then to the the the and the top of the To the and of the front cover. If to the If the first appears too high or this the the Top-of- the to the top-of-form or when the this the or to the top-of-form The from when the it with the instructions,
Chapter the Software About Software. the With and Accessing the from Accessing the from the overview. the With Accessing the from Accessing the from the overview. the With NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the overview. the With NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON the Software
About Software The EPSON software that with includes the software, the EPSON and the EPSON and NT Chapter software that allows to the You to the software of the proceeding, the PC as Chapter EPSON DOS-based that allows to easily the from the To the EPSON with DOS, the EPSON Utility The EPSON and NT It allows to the of when and with troubleshooting To the Chapter EPSON To the the below, appear the LQ-580 the country where bought the Software and NT NT
the With and You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the the Software
To the the top of the overview below information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the section information about the four Graphics, and Utility. The each of these below. To the the sections the OK to apply the or to the to their the Software
Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom and the the that appears. Select or Click the to the Software
Graphics Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the You this option to Dithering which the or another dithering the of The to the of the dithering options shows the of selection. the to or the Software
Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with sheets as Chapter the Software
To the the the software then the the to This only when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional EPSON You EPSON when this Whenever the there the the the Software
Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON the Software
You the following Click the to items to the Select the item ON/OFF Shortcut The selected displayed the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. Allow this turned of shared other Turn this to the selected received when this turned the Software
the With You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications, below. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. overview information about the this that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. overview information about the this the Software
Accessing the from the To the from the follow these the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. To to the section information. The this section. To the the previous sections the OK to apply the or to or Click the The higher the select, the however, increasing the This from the Select or The the to the select. the Software
Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with sheets as Select the of the to If the to through the If included the and the the that appears. Source Click the to Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of the to or Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the the Software
the With NT You the from or from the the from apply only to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software
To the the top of the below, information about the Accessing the from the To the from the follow these Click the and then to Click Right-click and The displays the which the and Advanced These the To the the top of the the section information about the and Advanced. The each of these below. To these the sections the OK to apply the or to the Software
Select the of the to from the Source Select the to from the Source Select or the Software
Advanced the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Graphic Select and then choose the from the The higher the select, the however, increasing the the Software
Once and them necessary, ready to with as or with sheets as Chapter Double-click to the Click Quality to option. Click Text as Graphics or and On or the Select option from the If bi-directional and increase. Turning off the to the the the Software
To the the the software then the the to If NT the software selecting from the EPSON You EPSON when this the there the the the Software
This only when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON the Software
You the following Select the item ON/OFF Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. shared Allow this turned of other Click the to items to the the Software Turn this to the selected shared when this turned
the With NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications below. the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the To and overview While the with the that the match Accessing the from To the from follow the the The the the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and overview information about these the Software
Click (or to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and Optimizations information about these Accessing the from the To the from the follow these the the The highlighted, then and The appears. Click the then You the which includes the and overview information about these the Software
Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and overview information about these boxes: and Advanced The each of these below. To these boxes, the sections the OK to apply the or to Select the type of to If type, from the Select or The the to the select. Click the to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. this the Software
Advanced Once and them necessary, ready to with as Chapter or with as Chapter Graphics Select option from the Graphics The higher the select, the however, increasing the Click to the option or off. Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to the the This item appear when the Software
the EPSON The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow the below to EPSON the software CD-ROM At the DOS type D:\SETUP. If the other than D, the Then Select the and C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to the C:\EPUTIL directory. Accessing EPSON To EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this You EPSON C:\PANEL the DOS and The PRNSET and PANEL slightly. The PANEL of EPSON that only the often the Software
Chapter From the Selecting Built-In Font and Pitch About From the
Selecting Built-In Font and Pitch with the built-in shown the below. You the pitch turning the or off. You the and pitch using the buttons the as below. usually from the to and pitch. From the
Follow these to built-in or pitch the buttons the that the If finished. To the Font the three Font lights the as shown below. Press the to the or off. The below shows and Font lights Font o o o o o o o o o Others On, o others the selected the The Font directly OCR-B, Orator-S, or H. To of these first the to as the other that the other From the
About The While often these through software or to from the using the The following the and the options the The the instructions the tractor* inches: perforation On, tear-off On, feed On, Software ESC/P2, IBM High On, I/F Optional I/F seconds, seconds I/F bidirectional On, CR (IBM On, A.G.M. (IBM On, From the
The options the country of purchase. These only when IBM selected. This allows to the inches) Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC863, PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, feed second, seconds, seconds, seconds On, On, off From the
perforation This only when selected. On the one-inch the and the first the the from the should this only top and using tear off tear off and using with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off and with the tractor, to the perforation to the tear-off manually the Tear Advancing the to the Tear-Off Edge information. (The tear-off the tractor.) the each (CR) with feed this the to the If the You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; allows which graphics. From the
to the the and which Software ESC/P2 the operates the EPSON ESC/ P2 IBM the IBM The character when this It when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the O and High choose On, the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface which optional interface. information optional interface, Optional interface cards A-4. If connected to only or Optional the interface the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which From the
I/F (interface) This only optional interface and the interface selected. This the when from interface whether through the other interface. You seconds or seconds the interface I/F bidirectional The Interface bidirectional when this If bidirectional unnecessary, this off. Select to the IEEE-1284.4 If unnecessary, or this off. CR This only IBM each (LF) or ESC This the to the of the If the A.G.M. Graphic A.G.M. the advanced graphics commands those ESC/P2 IBM this The off. Character You character as as other countries. C character From the
International character You international character the character Each character characters that the country or the to C character Font You The following indicated the and cant selected and This the amount of when the and If the its to satisfaction, increase the The when the Indicators information If the to when turn this off. this the that sheets the to the and to the when the LF/FF From the
Follow the the to the and the To the selection and instructions, sheets of A4 or single-sheet or of that least inches) and inches) Chapter instructions or instructions sheets. If sheets, to sheet of each the and the turned off. While holding the Font the The the and the selection instructions. Press the Font the Font lights the as the selection instructions. From the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the
Press the Tear to the instructions (four the selected. off the and the them The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the the buttons the The arrows the instruction sheets the You the turning off the when the From the
From the
Chapter EPSON About the EPSON Utility. Accessing EPSON EPSON
About the EPSON The EPSON with when using or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional You the EPSON when the using the to the README the the This the information the If the the or the and Print function properly. If to the as Chapter Accessing EPSON There three to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the the of To shortcut to the the software the then EPSON EPSON
To information from the software Click the then EPSON If the as the following appears. You the following information the with information, graphic and EPSON
EPSON
Chapter Troubleshooting the and supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding top-of-form tear-off or Clearing Printout. Troubleshooting
the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If cant using this to the section. State of lights The the selected Troubleshooting from another currently the path. The correctly. the Press the to the release back to the and the to the of the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. and Chapter or Chapter sheets) instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as Clearing
State of lights Continuous to the The head overheated. Tear Font flashing of (three of The once when the function of ejected. the Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as Clearing the once the head unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the Troubleshooting
and easy to the information this section to the of and to that the type of that occurred, and the below: You the to whether the or the causing the instructions To to the To clear Clearing Troubleshooting supply Single-sheet or feeding Continuous or feeding top-of-form tear-off or
The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to that the The and the lights off though turned the What to The properly the outlet or The outlet the and the ratings. If the match, the immediately and Turn off the and the the outlet and the necessary. Then turn the Troubleshooting
Single-sheet or feeding The single-sheet or properly. What to The release the release to the to single-sheet information the release Continuous the the release to the path. and the to the to the Then the release to the single-sheet Switching to information.) The the too to the right the to that there. Single-sheet Chapter instructions properly. single-sheet The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Release creased, the specifications too thin, or too thick. C and sheets of Troubleshooting the to the
The What to Press the to too the the of within the specified single-sheet C. and the or The optional cut-sheet single-sheet properly. What to The cut-sheet as properly. optional cut-sheet A-6. Too sheets than sheets the cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 information. The of the cut-sheet correctly. There only sheet the cut-sheet the the with the arrow then the right to match Troubleshooting
Continuous or feeding The or feed properly. What to The release the release to the correctly. the to information the release Chapter Single-sheet the the release to the path. and the Load/ to the Then the release back to the tractor Switching to information. Continuous Chapter instructions properly. the tractor to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of the Thickness The to the What to You tear off the the Troubleshooting Tear off the the perforation. Then the to the to the
top-of-form too high or the What to The software or match the of the The the match the of the The top or top-of- incorrect. The to Choose the from the selected software. or You the the while the the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the or the the tractor the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility the or top-of-form software. the specifications C. the top-of-form however, that the Top-of-Form Position the top-of-form the the Top-of-Form Troubleshooting
tear-off The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off the incorrect. the tear-off You the the while the the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off The to selected software. The or match the of the The the tractor match the of the Troubleshooting the tear-off using the the tear-off Choose the from the or the or the the using the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility
or The when the What to Press the The The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as this chapter. interface the and/or specifications. software properly The nothing or abruptly What to The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the Thickness The too the or the properly. interface that the of both the and Optional interface cards A-4 and Select from the or If necessary, or the software as Chapter the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Troubleshooting
The What to The thickness incorrectly The the as Chapter The What to The thickness the thickness to match correctly. the thickness of or of the or What to The too the or the properly. The the as Troubleshooting the thickness to the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter
of the What to The head and to the head replaced. the head yourself; the Other of the when the head replaced. the text the What to the of each of The of What to commands the of each of The software incorrect. Turn the using the or the EPSON that the feed to each About or the EPSON Utility Turn off the the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility the software. Troubleshooting
The perforation Turn off the perforation the or the EPSON About or the EPSON Utility The incorrect or other characters. What to and correctly. The character Select the character selected software. software, the or the EPSON The character software the or the EPSON The to Choose the from the selected software. or software correctly Troubleshooting that the interface and that the correct. Optional interface cards A-4 and If optional interface Interface Card A-29. that software correctly If necessary, or the software as Chapter
Software using the EPSON or the buttons. What to Bidirectional which the of software to the the bidirectional to this Printout, this chapter. Troubleshooting
Clearing To clear follow these Turn off the If of the the cover. If from the the the If the tear off the supply the perforation the Turn the the of the from to the the of the necessary, and the cover. Then the cover. Turn the the and lights off. Troubleshooting the the of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off
Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this To the below, four sheets of A4 or single-sheet or four of that least inches) and inches) Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. If sheets, to sheet of each the sheet the Follow these to the bidirectional and the turned off. While holding the the The the bidirectional and then instructions and the first of the instructions, the and the with the Follow the instructions to the of and the with the each the the of off the and the bidirectional selections automatically. off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Troubleshooting
the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You or Chapter instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. that least inches) or A4 or single-sheet To follow these and the turned off. To the the the LF/FF while the To the using the the while the Either the of however, the than the Troubleshooting off the least seconds turning back otherwise the
To the the to and the to the Then off the If or to isolate the and software the from the as You sheets or instructions or Chapter instructions sheets. that least inches) or A4 or single-sheet To follow the below. and the turned off. seconds, the the and of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Troubleshooting
To both the LF/FF and buttons while the software and to the the To off the to and the to the Then off the Troubleshooting If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as the characters the right with the of the the the receiving.
With A-2 options A-2 Optional interface cards. A-4 the Optional Cut-Sheet A-5 optional cut-sheet A-6 Loading the cut-sheet A-8 Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet A-12 Assembling the cut-sheet A-16 Selecting or A-17 Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 the A-20 Assembling the A-20 the A-21 Loading A-22 Removing A-24 Optional A-25 the front A-25 Loading the front A-27 Interface Card A-29 With A-1
The following shows the options and interface To purchase or as D. options High-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 cut-sheet (C80637 A-2 Enhancing With to sheets of or the without reloading. Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 instructions. If the both as cut-sheet You to sheets of ordinary single-sheet the cut-sheet You to the high-capacity cut-sheet to Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet A-18 instructions.
The the of the which country. Additional (C80020 (C81423 This option using tractors and reduces the of This forms. instructions using this option, the Tractor the Allows to with 8.5-inch that with the A-20 instructions. The front allows to sheets from the front (This option With A-3
Optional You optional interface to built-in interface and compatibility. The EPSON interface the below with (Not the interfaces the Interface Card A-29 instructions. Card type C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82312 interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 bidirectional) interface C82362 C82363 Ethernet interface C82364 The the which country. Ethernet interface C82363 to the optional interface (C82525 to the interface If the C82305 /C82306 optional interface to the to of the following: If whether optional interface or would to know about interfaces, A-4 With
the Optional Cut-Sheet of optional cut-sheet with the cut-sheet (C80637 and the high-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 You of these separately, or both together as cut-sheet to of The cut-sheet to sheets. The high-capacity cut-sheet to sheets or to or the To the high-capacity, or cut-sheet the section. However, the cut-sheet as Assembling the cut-sheet A-16. To Loading the cut-sheet A-8, or Loading the high-capacity A-12. You and the optional cut-sheet when the tractor the To the tractor from the the tractor Enhancing With A-5
optional cut-sheet You the high-capacity, and cut-sheet the Follow the this section. the cut-sheet to as Assembling the cut-sheet A-16. the turned off. Then the to the upright and straight the cover its back and then straight and off the A-6 Enhancing With
the cut-sheet both the and the notches the mounting as shown below. Release the to the cut-sheet high-capacity cut-sheet cut-sheet To both cut-sheet together as cut-sheet to the cut-sheet the high- cut-sheet installation Assembling the cut-sheet A-16. Enhancing With A-7
To the cover, first the front the the then the If the cut-sheet to or Selecting or A-17. You ready to with high- capacity, or cut-sheet Loading the cut-sheet The cut-sheet to sheets of the cut-sheet the to and or the cut-sheet the and the thickness to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. A-8 With
the of the cut-sheet with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the both the and to allow the cover. Enhancing With A-9 of the cut-sheet
of to sheets) and Next, the and of the to the the the the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. back the to the the A-10 Enhancing With
the wires to the as shown below, necessary. the with the attached the notches the straight the mounting the the to the of The cut-sheet when the With A-11
If the first appears too high or this the top-of-form the the Top-of-Form Loading the high-capacity cut-sheet The high-capacity cut-sheet to sheets of or to or the high- cut-sheet the release to the single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to the thickness. A-12 With
the the to release them. the with the then back its Next, the right to roughly match the of the to the With A-13
both the and to allow the cover. of to sheets) and Next, the and of the to the the the A-14 With
the right that matches and the of the allows the to and freely. back the to the or the The cut-sheet when the If the first appears too high or this the top-of-form the the Top-of-Form If back the as shown below. Enhancing With A-15
Assembling the cut-sheet the cut-sheet allows to of automatically. the cut-sheet to the cut-sheet (C80637 to the high-capacity cut-sheet (C80638 the cover from the back of the high-capacity the and the cover backward. the cut-sheet both the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the back of the high-capacity cut-sheet A-16 Enhancing With
the cut-sheet together the To the cut-sheet optional cut-sheet A-6. Selecting or the cut-sheet the high- cut-sheet becomes and the becomes selection cut-sheet high-capacity cut-sheet With A-17
It to the software usually the the the Tear off/Bin the light the as shown below. The cut-sheet selected when the Switching and single-sheet the cut-sheet You easily switch tractor and single-sheet the cut-sheet without the Switching to If the path, the to them. the release to the the thickness to the A-18 Enhancing With (high-capacity cut-sheet selected. cut-sheet selected.
Switching to single-sheet the cut-sheet If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Then tear off the Tear off pressing the the feeding Press the The the to the The attached to the the path. the release to the single-sheet the thickness to the the thickness of single-sheet If the cut-sheet the to as Selecting or A-17. With A-19
the The optional allows to 8.5-inch that with This inexpensive to using that and the to Assembling the To the follow the below. the the as shown. the and plate as shown below. Then the plate the and the together with the A-20 With
the both of the as shown below. While the the of the the the The assembled. the To the follow the below. the turned off. the the as shown below. the positioning the of the the the The to the the and the positioning If the to the With A-21
To the the and the from beneath the Loading the follow the below to of the turned off. the cover and the the the thickness (located the cover) to the the thickness of the release to the single-sheet the leading of the straight the the of the as shown. A-22 Enhancing With
the and the the from the of the Turn the Bring the leading of the the tractor and The the automatically. the and the cover. You ready to The the to the back of the as shown below. With A-23
backward. To the and the then the where the Press the to the A-24 With the cover and the LF/FF to the Tear off the the tear-off of the
Optional The optional front (C81423 fits the front of the This option allows to sheets and single-sheet of to and four with front to to inches) and The optional front (C81423 with the the front when installed. This option countries. the front the front cover. With A-25
the from the of the the the front of the front the both of the the the back of the front the the of the A-26 With
the the the to the and right, then the the upright Loading the front You or the front the front that the the upright and the the to the and right. the release to the single-sheet With A-27
If ordinary single-sheet the thickness (located the cover) to as shown below. If single-sheet the thickness to the the to the the front A-28 With You the to the 1/10-inch to increase the
with the the it The the automatically. Interface Card Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface the screws from the shield plate the back of the and the Enhancing With A-29
the interface the both of the interface the to the the back of the interface the internal Then the screws and them. To the interface the A-30 With the shield plate to the interface
Cleaning and Transporting the Cleaning the B-2 Transporting the B-3 Cleaning and Transporting the B-1
Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly year. To follow these the the turned off. the If or optional to and from the outer and If the outer or or dusty, them with cloth with the cover and the top of the to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the B-2 Cleaning and Transporting the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think
the If to the and as below. Warning: You to the head to the If the the head it cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the the If it as the tractor If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the as Chapter the as the tractor the the protective locking both of the Then the as the tractor the tractor that with the Loading the tractor instructions. the and the and them the Cleaning and Transporting the B-3
B-4 Cleaning and the
C Specifications Specifications C-2 Mechanical. C-2 C-5 C-6 C-6 C-10 Printable C-11 C-14 CE C-14 Command C-15 EPSON ESC/P2 C-15 IBM C-19 Character C-20 International character the C-31 Specifications C-1 C
Specifications Mechanical High-speed LQ LQ Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch quality) graphics) Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE and optional interface C-2 Specifications
feed Friction (front or top entry) entry) tractor (front, or entry) and tractor (optional) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) feed inches/second 1/6-inch capacity: High-capacity cut-sheet to of to or to to 64KB The thickness of the to inch). cut-sheet to sheets of The thickness of the to inch) Specifications C-3 C
EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C Character One and graphical character graphical character countries.) Character C-20 information. Character international character and character C-4 Specifications Scalable EPSON EPSON (every EPSON EPSON (every EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC- A, UPC-E, POSTNET
Reliability: head) MTBF POH duty) head and inches) inches) inches) Ribbon: Black Black characters (LQ, character) characters (LQ, character) the the back of the the of to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC to the character type) Specifications C-5 C
to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH and and as follows: that or or curled. Ordinary sheets: front, top, and cut-sheet and top: to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) Second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) and top: to to inches) High-capacity cut-sheet to to inches) Second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) C-6 Specifications (without to C to F) to RH
Single-sheet front top only Postcards: front and top Thickness to to inch) to to inch) to to to to to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to and top: to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) to to inches) Specifications C-7 C
Thickness inch) Continuous and front, rear, and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness Printable to to inch) Perforated to inch) to to to to of or both (front, or The should securely together the and right should from the and completely through sheets. The ratio of the the perforation should and The perforation should the to the of the At the perforation the and perforation should The thickness of the perforation when should or C-8 Specifications
with front and with optional only inches) inch) to to inches) sheet to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Specifications C-9 C
the The to the of the Rear the The to the of the C-10 Specifications
sheets, and postcards: The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C The inch). C C Specifications C-11 C
The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C-12 Specifications
The top inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches). Specifications C-13 C
UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC C-14 Specifications
Command the following EPSON ESC/P2 and IBM EPSON ESC/P2 Selecting EPSON ESC/P2 software allows to advanced and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC (V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC (U Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (B Specifications C-15 C
commands and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the commands below: ESC Select Format: ASCII Function: C-16 Specifications ESC 1B ESC EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET (1/360-inch (1/180-inch The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inch; the inch.
to the The of each type The only the following characters of characters of characters The The character (HRC) The the HRC. The the HRC. of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not type of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B Specifications C-17 C
The each type below. If included the the printed. type EAN-13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. when of the the right and text and text the The and characters of to characters. The of A, B, or C) as the first of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The POSTNET) inch the C-18 Specifications 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C
IBM This the IBM the commands below. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) Graphic ESC ESC Download: Download Specifications C-19 C
Character You the character shown this section the or with software commands. of the character the as the PC through 7F; only the characters through FF shown these The character with the countries. PC (US C-20 Specifications
PC PC PC (French-Canadian) PC (Nordic) Specifications C-21 C
PC (Icelandic) BRASCII ISO C-22 Specifications
PC Specifications C-23 C
ISO PC PC PC C-24 Specifications
PC (Eastern PC PC PC864 Specifications C-25 C
PC MAZOWIA (Poland)* MJK (CSFR)* ISO C-26 Specifications
ISO 1T PC (LST Specifications C-27 C
PC ISO PC LAT. PC UKR C-28 Specifications
PC APTEC PC PC PC AR Specifications C-29 C
character the C-30 Specifications
International character the You of the following international character the character shown below the or the ESC command. when the characters the the character You of the following with the ESC command. Specifications C-31 C
C-32 Specifications
Customer Information Contacting Customer Support. D-2 North American Users. D-3 services D-3 Automated telephone services D-3 United and the of Ireland Users. D-5 D-5 Customer D-5 EPSON D-6 Service and D-6 World D-7 Australian D-7 EPSON FAXBACK D-7 EPSON D-7 URL D-7 D-8 EPSON D-8 D-8 D-9 D-9 board D-9 Technical D-9 D-10 Customer Information D-1
Contacting Customer If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information Chapter services the section country this section. to the following information: of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About NT or Software application(s) normally with the and their number(s) D-2 Customer Information
North American If purchased the United States or EPSON through the following services: services Automated telephone services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON of CompuServe type GO CompuServe EPSON the to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Service Access EPSON to commonly SoundAdvice about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer Information D-3
EPSON technical and information the installation, and of EPSON products. (U.S.), or A.M. to P.M., through please the following information Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please If software with EPSON the that technical information. D-4 Customer Information
United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. The the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON Customer Information D-5
If this found EPSON service, Service, or World below EPSON EPSON Service and specifications the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, using touch-tone You to follow to and once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service Membership that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). D-6 Customer Information
World If to the and World information the EPSON products, software and to Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Customer Information D-7
Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information the and below: D-8 Customer Information Phone:
To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of EPSON World board (BBS) to information and the of You the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the telephone and below. BBS: Customer Information D-9
To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: D-10 Customer Information Phone: BBS:
ASCII American Information assigning to and this option turned the or the EPSON each (CR) (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally), from to right and then right to This increases the reduce Bidirectional the The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that with the of characters characters inch The of characters that inch of the of the characters. pitch that both perforated and to such as or feed, instead of characters. characters inch cut-sheet optional, that sheets of the or that when (such as turned or initialized. factory
dithering halftoning which to or tone. Dithering with such as charts and halftoning of which each or of The when as the The character ESC/P EPSON the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P2 The of the ESC/P factory The or that the factory. If the to these when initialized, they of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top- of-form halftoning of using to to of or nearly of of dithering troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that as as ASCII that characters.
interface The the and the through which to the the to its of that oriented the This that than high and useful spreadsheets. (LQ) The with readability and appearance reduced (LF) and that the that allows to precisely the tear-off and top-of-form There three tear-off, and top-of-form. single-sheet there the top-of-form tear-off and top-of-form information these of the Glossary. pitch The of the which measured the of character inch The character inch. The that the that oriented upright the (as to which the This the or The of which the It than the physical of the of software that commands the of To to its
of the amount of that represented. of measured the of inch the of the the internally printed. The of when attached to the tractor the of the Tear that the perforation of to the tear- off the back to the top-of-form Selects the when the cut-sheet tear-off The of when the tear- off or the Tear the the tear-off that the perforation with the tear-off of the top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top the the top-of-form of the top-of-form which the head only. Unidirectional graphics because You the or the EPSON bidirectional
the attached to the the Tear-off Tear off the tear-off
Top-of-form The ABC the top-of-form