Sign-off: cover A5 cover right interface thickness head release A1 A2
Sign-off: rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, A5 LQ-670
A5 This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference- Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. A5 According to ISO/IEC and EN Product LQ-670 P960A Directive 73/23/EEC: EN Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC
A5 Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Information
the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused A5 NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
A5 United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating plate and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or only with of the and
Sign-off: Introduction EPSON offers high performance with of You the high-quality and ease of to from EPSON of the features that High-speed of to characters characters inch The to of types, including sheets, to four and High-precision the both and that allows selection of and four as as and of advanced EPSON ESC/P commands and IBM with A4 and with A5 Introduction Introduction
A5 Introduction Software, including and that and easily Bidirectional with IEEE The following options High (C80678 and (C80679 cut-sheet The high-capacity cut-sheet to of without reloading. The second-bin cut-sheet allows to feed sheets. You cut-sheet combining the high-capacity and second-bin With the or Allows to with 8.5-inch that with (This option countries.) Interface cards. to the built-in interface. Introduction
to This This illustrated, instructions and operating information and connecting the to this chapter first. Chapter to software, which includes Microsoft operating and the EPSON DOS. Chapter to and and other of information the the To of the the this chapter. Chapter to optional with Chapter information, including troubleshooting information. If the properly or the what this chapter of and the and the optional cut-sheet the commands and character C the with or information about EPSON products and services. At the of the and A5 Introduction Introduction
A5 Introduction and Notes This the following followed to to to Notes information and the of Introduction
Sign-off: Chapter the Unpacking the Choosing the Assembling the the the the the Connecting the to A5 the
A5 Chapter This chapter to and to the this should include EPSON Notice and the following items: the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country which bought the the right location. You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice Sheet with to these the A3-NEW
and protective to the the It should its or to protective the There of the and to the another If the the back of the the country, Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. A5 the
A5 Chapter French-speaking users: fiche switches or timers. information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded the clear and If to follow these that least that the The should Position and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the
Assembling the the the the the of the and the Then the A5 Chapter the A51
A5 the the that the To the from its and then follow these the cover the notch its Warning: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching the A4,54
the head to the where the front plate as shown below. Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. A5 the A5 A6
A5 the with the and the ribbon-tightening facing and the the head. Then the that the both of the the notches the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the and to the freely. the cover. the A52 A53
Attaching the To the the the the the mounting the as shown below. the the off. The off when the top of the with the of the the the back of the to its matches that of the matches If the attached to the the the AC the back of the the properly grounded A5 Chapter It to the If the rated and outlet match, the cord. the A9
A5 Chapter Connecting the to To to built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair with D-SUB, and the If type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces Follow the below to the to using the built-in interface. both the and turned off. the securely the interface the A10
the together they both of the If ground wire, to the ground as shown below. the other of the the (If the ground the to the ground the back of the Chapter instructions and the A5 the A11 A12
A5 Chapter the
Sign-off: Chapter Software the plug-and-play the the the the DOS DOS the EPSON A5 Software
A5 Chapter The EPSON that with includes the software and software that allows to the You to the software of the instructions the the section or DOS the or to of the EPSON You the using the or the as below. You the using plug-and-play IEEE-1284 bidirectional information. the Follow the below to the the connected to as Turn off and necessary. Software
First and then the If the You the New If the New follow the instructions the Computer the displays Then the from The the the New If the and then OK This appear Click OK You the From the If the A, OK the the Copy from and OK You type the the that the as shown. To the as the applications, the Click the The the to and to the using the or the selected. A5 Chapter Software
A5 Chapter the If the the plug-and-play follow the below to Double-click the Click Double-click the You the Click the Next Select the or then Next Software
Click the to the with The following appears: the If the A, OK the the Copy from and OK Select EPSON LQ-670 ESC/P and the Next button. Choose the to with (LPT1 the and the Next The following appears: A5 Chapter Software
A5 You type the the that the as shown. Select the or to whether to the as the applications. Click The the to and to the using the or the selected. the should that the match While the with the this section instructions to the the and necessary. Software
Accessing the from the from apply to the The below typical the To the or from the of software. If choose If choose To the choose or the options (You to choose of these The and Graphics the Click the the top of the to them. Accessing the from the the from the the apply to To the from the follow these Click the button, and then to Click Right-click and The appears. The and Graphics the Click the the top of the to them. A5 Software
A5 Chapter Checking and that the the and Graphics the of to and as finished OK to apply the or to the to their factory Select the of the the If the to through the If included the Custom and the the that appears. Select or Click the to Graphics Click the You this option to Dithering which the or another dithering the of The to the of the dithering options shows the of the to or Once ready to If while Chapter Troubleshooting, Software
the Follow the below to the and the the Choose from the The following appears: A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP and OK The EPSON appears. Select and OK The copying the the the EPSON the OK to the A5 Chapter Software
A5 the LQ-670 as its LPT1. If to the or the assignment, the the should that the match While the with the this section instructions to the the and necessary. Accessing the from the from apply to the The below typical applications, the To the or from the of software. If choose where and which allows to the If choose To the choose or the options software. (You to choose of these software only of the Software
Accessing the from the the from the the apply to To the from the follow these the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. Checking and that the the of to and as finished OK to apply the or to If the from of the below appear If the from the these appear the Click the Select the of the the If the to through the If included the and the the that appears. A5 Software
A5 Chapter Source Click the to Select or The the to the select. To the following from to or of these buttons. If the from the to these You this option to Coarse Dithering which the or another dithering the of the to or Once ready to If while Chapter Troubleshooting, DOS DOS To DOS applications, the using the or Software
Choose the EPSON LQ-670 the the If the include the LQ-670 choose the first from this LQ-2070 LQ-2170 LQ-870/1170 LQ-570/1070/570+/1070+ DLQ-3000 DLQ-2000 LQ-1060 LQ-1050 LQ-2550 LQ-2500 If of these listed, choose the first from the following: LQ EX FX LX RX MX EPSON If the software to A5 Chapter Software
A5 the EPSON The EPSON included with the This allows to the from the Follow the below to the EPSON the At the DOS type A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP and At the and The directory C:\EPUTIL appears. Press The the EPUTIL directory C. Accessing the to the EPSON follow these the directory to C. PRNSET and Follow the on-screen instructions to the Software
Sign-off: Chapter Selecting Paper-feeding and the release the Thickness Continuous Positioning supply Loading with the the tear-off function Removing Switching Continuous and Switching to Switching to the the the tear-off A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter of types, including sheets, postcards, and This chapter to these with specifications the the Selecting of through four paper-feeding tractor, optional cut-sheet or optional The paper-feeding the type of to four paper-feeding the the and then as shown below. using type of ABCDEFGHIJ A67
Paper-feeding and The below shows which paper-feeding to each type. You the release to the paper-feeding feeding or single-sheet feeding, as the section. type sheets Continuous Single-sheet only) Continuous only) only) You this type with this paper-feeding You this type with this paper-feeding You single-sheet that the top of the The optional only A5 Chapter Paper-feeding Tractor Optional Optional
A5 the release You the release to the the to The release feeding and single-sheet feeding, as below. Single-sheet feeding sheets (including and postcards) from the the optional cut-sheet or the optional Tractor feeding from the tractor. A13
the Thickness You to the thickness to match the thickness of ordinary single-sheet or the to the the as shown below. A5 A37
A5 Chapter The following selecting the the type of type thickness Thin or Ordinary or and to thin such as or thick or the thickness back to the ordinary of from to to inches) single-sheet specifications. You of the the front of the or of the optional cut-sheet Chapter information the optional cut-sheet If enough the back of the that the obstructed.
Follow these to that the off and the as Then the covers and the to the the release to the single-sheet as shown below. the thickness to ordinary single-sheet Press the to the A5 Chapter A14 A15
A5 Chapter the right the as shown below. While the to match the of of the to seconds, the the to the The ready to from and If the rotates the the completely the and then the the If to the of the loaded, the A16 A17
the the the and the and lights If the and the The the and If the the the the the right of the to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form Continuous from to to inches) You from the built-in A5
A5 Positioning supply supply with the tractor the smoothly the as shown below. A18 A19
Loading with the tractor the turned off. the release to the tractor as shown below. the thickness to ordinary the as as they A5 Chapter A20 A21
A5 Chapter Release the them the back of the the that the to the of the the and the arrow the Then the to the the arrow the and the the The to the of the arrow and the arrow A22 A23
the right to roughly match the of the the A5 Chapter A24 A25
A5 Chapter the covers. the first three of the the both to the first of clean, straight that smoothly the A26 A27
the covers. If necessary, and the that the perforation with the arrow the Then the the right to the Then the to the A5 Chapter A28 A29
A5 Chapter Press the to the the the the tear-off function to tear off and the that usually wasted information, the section. You the to the the there least than required, properly through the the the right of the only to clear when the off. the or to the top-of-form the tear-off function finished the tear-off function to the tractor to the tear-off of the You then easily tear off the back to the that would normally You the tear-off function the Tear the or the or the EPSON to tear-off. information the
If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the as this chapter. the tear-off function to feed backwards; they off their and the the Tear using the tractor, the Tear to to the tear-off following the below: finished. Then the Tear the lights the flashing. The the to the tear-off A5 Chapter tear-off
A5 Chapter Tear off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off this chapter. the the back to the top-of-form and (You manually the back to the top-of-form the Tear tear-off the tear-off function the or the EPSON the to the tear-off when The to the tear-off only when of or and then three seconds. A-31
instructions to the tear-off function, the or the EPSON as Chapter and follow the on-screen instructions. While the or the the correctly If these the to turn off the then to apply The below to tear-off. the the perforation of the to the tear-off Tear off (If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off this chapter.) the the back to the top-of-form and (You manually the back to the top-of-form the Tear You tear-off when sheets the when the release to the single-sheet A5 Chapter
A5 Removing the Tear The the to the tear-off the tear-off function the the perforation to the tear-off automatically. You the tear-off function the or the EPSON instructions, the Chapter or EPSON as and follow the on-screen instructions. Tear off the Press the to the of the and the To completely from the the covers. the from the and then the covers. both single-sheet and It with to including the the thickness to the as the
You single-sheet from the or with the optional cut-sheet instructions, or Loading from the cut-sheet Chapter You the as ordinary instructions, Continuous earlier this chapter. that software the within the of the the of the head. information about the the A. single-sheet the of the from the from the optional cut-sheet selecting choose mounted with with tractor. single-sheet the to and properly. You the as that the thickness to instructions earlier this chapter. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter that software the within the the of the head. information about the the specifications A. to and humidity, them only operating the they to and off their and the when with the or Tear buttons. easily off their and the To from the first tear off the the Then the LF/FF to the of the
You of them the as from the or with the optional cut-sheet information this section and this chapter or Loading from the cut-sheet Chapter the thickness to the as the first. that the right with the arrow the and the to match the of that software the within the the of the head. information about the the specifications A. only operating A5 Chapter A38
A5 Chapter You of postcards, them the as sheets: from the or with the optional cut-sheet instructions sheets, this section and or Loading from the cut-sheet the thickness to Then Card pressing the Tear both Tear lights that the right with the arrow the and the to match the of Card when the thickness to or higher the postcards, that software the within the the of the head. information about the the A. operating A39
Switching Continuous and using the tractor, easily switch and sheets (including or postcards) without the from the tractor. Switching to sheets To switch from to follow the below. finished the Tear to the to the tear-off (If selected tear-off the or the EPSON the the perforation to the tear-off automatically.) Tear off the tear off feeding backwards; feeding too backwards feed with the or Tear buttons. easily off their and the information from the path, Press the to the back to the The attached to the tractor, the path. A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the release back to the single-sheet from the instructions, Switching to To switch from sheets to follow the below. If necessary, the to the the as Loading with the tractor A32
the release to the The the from the to the when The allows to or 1/180-inch You this to the and tear-off the The the of the the automatically. If appears too high or the the with the as follows: Top software to the with the If necessary, the software. A5 Chapter A33
A5 Chapter the If necessary, the cover the or single-sheet (Press the to or from the optional cut-sheet the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the Press the LF/FF to the the or the to the the The and If to the these the and the the reaches the factory-set the and feeding the factory as reference when the A41
If to the top and the top of the the that the top of the with the the as shown below. the the to off both single-sheet and turn off the the The the the where the head actually You the temporarily the as the below. only the or off the that the If the to A5 Chapter A68
A5 Chapter the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the If necessary, the to the and the LF/FF to or the to feed backward. correctly, the to turn off and A34
the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off as follows: both Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the A5 Chapter A35-2
A5 Chapter Press the LF/FF to feed or the to backward, the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the Tear off the Press the to off the the back to the top-of-form and tear-off off the A36
Sign-off: Chapter the Functions Lights Advanced Functions the options the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter This chapter the to the of the and to advanced operations, such as to or activating the Functions The lights the the of the and the buttons operations. the
Lights (red) On when the of Flashes when the On when the ready to or or the to Flashes when the or the head too Font (three lights, The the three Font lights to the selected as follows: o o o o o o o o o Others On, o This light that other than those indicated the selected the or the EPSON (The the or EPSON OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, or H.) On when the to characters. A5 Chapter the
A5 Tear lights, The the Tear lights to the following: The perforation of the tear-off o The optional high-capacity cut-sheet of the selected. o The optional second-bin cut-sheet of the selected. Card selected postcards). Press this to the or off. Press this to temporarily and to To turn the and this least seconds. Press to off the Chapter Press this to single-sheet or to the (The normally automatically.) If already the this to If the or tear-off this to to the the On, o
LF/FF feed/form feed) Press this to the to or to the top of the You this to of from the optional cut-sheet or to from the to the Font Press this to of the following or Others. Others other than those indicated the selected using the or the EPSON with the character, which significantly increases the with this reduces other than A5 Chapter the
A5 Font OCR-B* Orator-S* C* T* H* If of these selected, three Font lights the to that the the or the EPSON The the as only; slightly. Press this to characters. Press to to characters. Tear Press this to to the tear-off Press to the to the top-of-form the
the optional cut-sheet this to the cut-sheet to Select to the high-capacity cut-sheet and or to the cut-sheet To postcards, Card this both Tear lights (Card when the thickness to or higher the (such as or software with the Tear software to this whenever Advanced Functions of the basic of the the allows to the and and to helpful when troubleshooting. To the below the while the button(s). which the of Chapter LF/FF which the of A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Bidirectional Turns the bidirectional which allows to Bidirectional LF/FF Prints the to the which users the of Chapter the which allows to the information, the this chapter. Font the which lowers the information, this chapter. the
the The While often these through software or to from the using the of the the the section. instructions the the this chapter. options This section the options and the the below reference when The options the Option inches On, tear off On, On, I/F (interface) I/F, Option I/F I/F (interface) seconds, seconds Software ESC/P IBM A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter Option Character Italic, PC437, PC850, PC860, PC863, PC865, PC861, BRASCII, ISO other Italic, PC437, PC437 PC850, PC852, PC853, PC855, PC857, PC864, PC866, PC869, ISO 1T, ISO MAZOWIA, MJK, PC774, ISO PC866 LAT. International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, On, High On, On, On, CR (IBM On, AGM (IBM On, Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, selected the to Others the The following the Font the and These effective when IBM selected. tractor through the tractor, the to of the following: or inches. the
This when selected. turn this the one-inch the and the first the their top and should this top and using tear-off tear-off and with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear-off off, to the perforation to the tear-off manually the Tear the tear-off function Chapter information. feed the each (CR) received with (LF) You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter I/F (interface) The optional interface to its built-in interface. You choose or optional the interface the selects the interface that and that interface the of the This allows to the without the interface If connected to the the or optional interface the interface I/F (interface) The which interface and switches to that interface the of the (when from the selected interface the amount of specified). You specify seconds or seconds. Software If ESC/P the operates the EPSON ESC/P If IBM, the IBM Character character as as other character International character You characters the character to these characters often other they countries and to as international character character the
The character when this when this off. The allows to easily distinguish O and High high the to (characters second) (characters inch) when the selected. If to when selected. The input from The input to 64KB of other while the the off, the the the to each character the character. The when Chapter Troubleshooting, information. If the to off this CR each feed (LF) or ESC (CR) the the to the this off, CR the feed to the to the This IBM A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter AGM Graphics AGM the advanced graphics commands those ESC/P This IBM The Font the from these OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, and H. The following the Font the and You the the the Follow the below to the and the To the selection and the instruction sheets, four sheets of A4 or single-sheet or 11-inch or instructions single-sheet and If single-sheet to the instruction sheets, to of each the to the the
loaded, then off the While holding the Font the to the The the and the selection Press the Font the Font lights the as the selection Press the Tear to the instruction (three the The arrows the instruction sheets the Press the Font the Font lights the option to as the instruction Press the Tear the and Tear lights the as the instruction sheets. and to other Each the Tear the the selected. the the to off the and the A5 Chapter the
A5 Chapter the when reduces the To the Font and buttons and the to the To off the to off the the
Sign-off: Chapter Cut-Sheet the cut-sheet Loading from the cut-sheet Switching the and the cut-sheet Loading manually from the the Loading of Interface Cards interface interface (C82305 or C82306 A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter This chapter to optional with including cut-sheet and interface cards. Cut-Sheet cut-sheet with High LQ-670 C80678 C80679 The the which country. EPSON the country. You the high-capacity cut-sheet or and cut-sheet combining the high-capacity and second-bin the cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet as and the second-bin as The second-bin with the high-capacity cut-sheet the that with The cut-sheet instructions to the cut-sheet to the cut-sheet
You to sheets of single-sheet or the high-capacity cut-sheet of the You sheets the second-bin cut-sheet of the With the cut-sheet or of specifications, A. the cut-sheet The cut-sheet with To the cut-sheet to both the cut-sheet and the Follow the below. You both the high cut-sheet and the cut-sheet the as below. the cut-sheet however, as the cut-sheet the turned off. the covers they and the the necessary. You to from the tractor to the cut-sheet information switching the cut-sheet and A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the release to the single-sheet the cut-sheet both of While holding the buttons both the notches each of the the mounting the the cut-sheet the the from the front of the Then the the cut-sheet the the mounting both the right and as to the as
the (If to the to this If the the of the its Press the to the You ready to with cut-sheet as the section. To the cut-sheet the A5 Chapter A56 A57
A5 when using the cut-sheet its instead of the the and the as shown below. Loading from the cut-sheet This section to the high-capacity and second-bin cut-sheet single-sheet and only the high-capacity cut-sheet of the cut-sheet single-sheet only the type that the top of the To allow the to than the A58
Loading from the high-capacity cut-sheet the high-capacity cut-sheet of the as follows: both the to allow Release the them A5 Chapter A59 A60
A5 the right that its with the the cut-sheet and back the to the Next, the to roughly match the of the the A61 A62
of to then the and of the to the the right and the of the that matches the of the allows the to and freely. Then the with the If the top-down. A5 Chapter the cut-sheet A63
A5 Chapter back the to the the the release to the single-sheet the thickness to the the the cut-sheet as software, from the and from the Source (If from DOS the the Tear the The cut-sheet when to the You the A64
Loading from the second-bin cut-sheet Follow the below to the of the cut-sheet You the second-bin cut-sheet without the high-capacity cut-sheet although the only the second-bin both and the right to the and the the to the A5 Chapter A65A-N
A5 of to the right of the with the right to the with the the and to the and then back the to the the release to the single-sheet the thickness to the the the cut-sheet as software, from the and Sheet from the Source (If from DOS the the Tear the The cut-sheet when to the You the A66
Switching the and the cut-sheet You easily switch from the and from the cut-sheet without Switching to Follow the below to switch to from the tractor. If the path, the to them. the release to the tractor the closed, and the the Switching to To switch back to sheets from the cut-sheet follow these If the the Tear to the to the tear-off Tear off the Press the The the to the The attached to the tractor the path. the release to the single-sheet the and the A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter Loading manually from the The cut-sheet single-sheet allows to switch to type or of without the already the cut-sheet or the Follow these that the release the single-sheet the thickness to the as the necessary, and the the the right with the the While the to match the of of the to seconds, the the to the The ready to from and the the the and the and lights If the and the The the and
The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that This option countries. the To the follow the below. Turn off the and the release the single-sheet Facing the back of the both and the right the to the right, and the the to the A5 Chapter A42
A5 the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the Gently the the the to the when the the A43
Loading of To of the follow these the leading of the straight across. the through the of the the and the the the from the top of the and the of the the Then the to the A5 Chapter A44
A5 Chapter Bring the leading of the the and the The the automatically. A45
Interface Cards You optional interface to built-in interface. The EPSON interface below with (Not interfaces Card type C82305 C82306 interface C82307 C82308 32KB interface C82310 C82311 32KB interface C82312 LocalTalk interface C82313 32KB IEEE-488 interface C82314 Coax interface C82315 interface C82345 IEEE-1284 interface C82346 Ethernet interface The the which country. If whether optional interface or to about interfaces, interface Follow the below to optional interface the turned off. the and the interface A5 Chapter
A5 Chapter the screws the shield to the back of the and the the interface the both of the interface the to the the back of the the internal Then the screws and them. the shield plate to the interface To the interface the A46 A47
interface (C82305 or C82306 To interface (C82305 or C82306 the sections below to the and other such as and interface Selecting You from the following and second). To the the selection interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that it the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that it ready to the The other including and A5
A5
Sign-off: and Transportation the Ribbon Cartridge Cleaning the the A5 Chapter and Transportation
A5 Chapter the Ribbon Cartridge If becomes to the Chapter Troubleshooting, information.) If to the ribbon, EPSON recommends the of the EPSON Ribbon Cartridge (S015016) EPSON EPSON their high the operation and of the head and other Other products EPSON to covered warranties. To the follow these Press the to off the and then the cover. Warning: If the recently, the head cool to the and Transportation A48
the head the (the where the front as shown below. If the head this the head to the The head to the the and to the seconds. the each of the and the of the A5 Chapter and Transportation A49 A50
A5 the from its and the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the with the and the ribbon-tightening facing and the the head. Then the that the both of the the notches the and Transportation A6 A7
Turn the ribbon-tightening to the and to the freely. the cover. Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these Turn off the and as as the If optional cut-sheet to and from the outer If the outer and the or them with cloth with the closed to from the A5 and Transportation A8
A5 Chapter or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think Transporting the If to as below, the and Turn off the and the the from the then the interface from the If optional cut-sheet Warning: If the recently, the head attempting to the the the as through of the Ribbon Cartridge this chapter. Then the cover. the and the and them the and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the and supply Printout Clearing Bidirectional A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 This chapter what It these the This section to the lights as and This section to the to whether the with the or the This section the to this to and This section to with the supply, operation, and the of the Clearing This section shows to clear bidirectional This section to the bidirectional to that properly the information this chapter to the of and then the If of these C, Contacting Customer Troubleshooting
the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing, the following to and the State of light Font Tear flashing A5 Chapter the selected the the and lights off and the The correctly. and correctly. Chapter instructions to the type of to The release to the the release to the that matches the the Single-sheet ejected. the hand; the light off. the To clear the Clearing The head overheated. the once the head unknown occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter the whether the from the or the If the satisfactory, the properly and the caused or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You the with or This section to the with single-sheet Chapter information and To follow these the or the tractor, and the release to the Then off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the the the LF/FF while the to the To the using the the while the Either the of however, the than the and information Troubleshooting
seconds, the the automatically, and then the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the To the the to If the the to the Then off the off the while the to and the to the off the If or to isolate the and software the from the as To follow the below. that A4 inches) or (such as the To both the LF/FF and while the to the A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 software and to the the the characters the right with the of the the the If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as To off the PAUSE the and then turn off the and This section four Printout the section the type of and the of The and first, the the which they appear. Troubleshooting
supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to with the The and the lights off. What to Press the The turned off. lights The properly the or permanently attached to the properly the The outlet switch or The outlet of another such as the outlet to the outlet properly. If A5 Chapter the and the outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Press the to off the and the the outlet and the necessary. Then the to the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 sheets from the The single-sheet What to Continuous the the the path. release to the single-sheet and Chapter information The release the release to the to the tractor single-sheet the release Chapter The and the the What to The the too to the or right the to The rotates the the What to The the the too tightly the the that the too to the The release the release to the to the tractor single-sheet the release Troubleshooting the to the or right.
feeding crooked or the What to The the and properly as the Chapter The the that they correctly. match the of You using the right type of the The or creased. only sheets of If the path, Clearing this chapter. The the What to You to using the LF/FF too the of within the specified the single-sheet specifications A. and the or the A5 the right type of the specifications A. the to the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 the the the light flashes and the light What to The the hand; the light If of the The light and the the and Continuous The What to The release the release to the to the single-sheet the release Chapter The off the the to the as tractor. Loading with the tractor Chapter or the the rotates the the What to The release the release to the to the single-sheet The off the the to the as tractor. Loading with the tractor Chapter The back Press the to to the the Troubleshooting
feeding crooked or the What to The supply the supply obstructed. or other The supply with the supply with the the the smoothly the Positioning supply Chapter The supply too that supply from the within of the The the of the that the the of the with each other. the and their covers closed. The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the thickness Chapter the or thickness the The incorrectly the of If the path, Clearing this chapter. A5 Chapter that the and thickness within the the A. the of the to the of the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The top-of-form of when What to The or the match the of the The match the of the too that the of within the specified the A. The (or too from) the perforation of What to The tear-off the tear-off the incorrectly. LF/FF or Load/Eject the tear-off Chapter The or the match the of the Troubleshooting the or the the tractor the or the EPSON the Chapter or the EPSON Chapter the or the
The match the of the The properly. What to You trying to too If backward. tear off the and the to the backward. If tear off the the and then the LF/FF to feed the too the of or too within the specified the A. The or the match the of the The match the of the the Clear the as A5 the tractor the or the EPSON the Chapter or the EPSON Chapter the or the the tractor the or the EPSON the Chapter or the EPSON Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter sheets from the optional cut-sheet The rotates the cut-sheet the What to The cut-sheet correctly incorrectly. the cut-sheet Chapter The release the release to the to the single-sheet the release Chapter The right and too to the the from feeding smoothly. the Clear the as There only sheets of the You the type of of the cut-sheet You too sheets. The sheets the high-capacity to of single-sheet or or postcards. The second-bin to of Troubleshooting the to match the of the high-capacity or the single-sheet the type the top of the and postcards.
The cut-sheet than What to You too sheets. The sheets the high-capacity to of single-sheet or or postcards. The second-bin to sheets of of the and together. then feeding crooked. What to The right and the to match the too of The or creased. of You the right type of the cut-sheet too heavy or too light. the the the light flashes and the light What to The the hand; the light Press the to A5 Chapter the of and cut-sheet the and the optional cut-sheet specifications A. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter to single-sheet manually, the the from the cut-sheet What to The properly the the as the sheet One of What to The software match the of the the The the when switch the cut-sheet and the tractor. What to The release the to incorrectly. or to sheets. The light off the What to The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as earlier this chapter. Troubleshooting the or the
interface the and/or specifications. software properly that properly selected software. If necessary, or the software as Chapter The and lights and the What to The of the release the selected the and the Press the to the too to the or right the to The sounds nothing What to The the as properly. Chapter The the as Chapter The thickness the thickness to match incorrectly. the thickness of the thickness A5 Chapter interface that the of both the and and the to the right or properly, the and lights off. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The and abruptly. What to The Clear the as The too or The and the light flashes. What to The head overheated. the once the head Printout of the or What to The the as properly. Chapter There too the or the Troubleshooting from the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as Chapter
of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. Warning: the head other of the the Incorrect characters printed. What to and the correctly. The character Select the character using selected software. software, the or the EPSON utility. that the character software the the or the EPSON A5 Chapter that the interface and that the correct. and If the optional interface Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The or characters software printed. What to software correctly The the selected using the the EPSON or the buttons. What to Software the EPSON or with the buttons. too high or too the What to The software match the of the the Troubleshooting that software correctly software to the the software or to match the of the
The top or and the and incorrect. software. the specifications A. Top and the the text the What to Turn the feed option the of each of the or the EPSON that the to each the Chapter or the EPSON Chapter A5 the the Chapter software to these If to the top and the top of the the top text the top of the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter The of What to commands the of each of The software incorrect. The of the the match length. What to The or the match the of the The match the of the Troubleshooting Turn off the option the or the EPSON the Chapter or the EPSON the software. the or the the tractor the or the EPSON the Chapter or the EPSON Chapter
the than or the of the top of the What to The top and or incorrect. What to Bidirectional which the of A5 Chapter these software, as follows: If software to or A4 If software the top or increasing the or both, the the software this option. the bidirectional to this Bidirectional this chapter. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Clearing To clear follow these Press the to turn off the the cover. If the as Chapter If the tear off the fresh supply the back of the Turn the the right of the to the If the where the the of the the and the to the the light flashing and the light off. the the right of the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form Bidirectional If that the properly the bidirectional to this bidirectional the three of and LQ. below, the from each Troubleshooting
Follow the below to bidirectional To the instruction and four sheets of A4 or single-sheet or 11-inch or Chapter instructions single-sheet or If single-sheet to of each the to the loaded, then off the While holding the the to the The the bidirectional and then the instruction and the first of the instruction the and the with the To specify the the LF/FF (to to the or the (to increase to the the Font lights to the as indicated the of the instruction Press the Font to selection and the of Then to the Press the Font to selection and the of Select the the of as and then the Font to selection. Press the to off the and the bidirectional A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications Technical Specifications A-2 A-2 A-4 Mechanical A-9 A-10 A-10 A-11 CE A-11 Interface Specifications A-12 A-12 A-12 Optional Cut-Sheet Specifications A-13 A5 Specifications A-1
A5 Technical Specifications Characters inch Quality Characters/second/line High Normal *The thickness or overheated head the Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/360-inch inches/second 1/6-inch Printable Characters inch characters A-2 Specifications
64KB or 0KB the or the EPSON utility) Font Characters inch EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON C EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B Font EPSON to EPSON to EPSON to ESPON to EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET Character One and graphics character (There graphics character areas.) Character international character and character A5 Specifications A-3
A5 and and as follows: to 25C to 77F) Humidity to RH to 22C to 72F) to RH sheets: to to inches) to to inches)* from the high-capacity cut-sheet or the second-bin cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches)* to to inches)** from the high-capacity cut-sheet from the second-bin cut-sheet Thickness to to inches) to to Quality and Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches)* from the high-capacity cut-sheet only) to to inches) to to inches)* to to inches)** the type the of the from the high-capacity cut-sheet only) A-4 Specifications
thickness to to inches) to to Weight/part Quality Carbonless with of the top or the of the (ordinary and to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inches) to to of to to Quality and with or both mounted inches), inches) to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inches) thickness to to inches) A5 Specifications A-5
A5 inches) inches) Thickness to to inches) thickness within the than inches). to to Quality and without the Postcards: to to inches) to to inches) Thickness inches) Quality and inches) Thickness to to inches) to to A-6 Specifications
Printable sheets The top and and below the perforation) inches). The and right inches). The inches). A5 The top and inches). The and right inches). The inches). Specifications A-7 A-1
A5 inches) or inches) or C inches) or and postcards The top and inches). the optional cut-sheet the top inches). The and right inches). A-8 Specifications C C C C A-3
Mechanical Friction feed from front Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) Ribbon: Black (S015016) Ribbon characters with dots/character) amount: head) head life: and inches) (with Width: inches) Depth: inches) A5 The top and inches). The and right inches). Specifications A-9
A5 Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC Rated AC to AC to Rated to to Rated the character type) Approx. (ISO/IEC (without to 35C to 95F) to 25C to 77F)* postcards, and to 60C to 140F) Humidity (without to RH to RH* postcards, and to RH A-10 Specifications
UL1950 with D3 CSA C22.2 with D3 EMI FCC CSA C108.8 EN (VDE, NEMKO) EMI EN (CISPR AS/NZS Acoustic (A) (ISO CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC A5 Specifications A-11
A5 Interface Specifications The with bidirectional, interface and optional interface IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL (IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 (Amphenol) or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 The to the the affirmative when the 00H or 04H, which 00H: of 04H: ID of A-12 Specifications
Optional Cut-Sheet Specifications The below apply to both the high-capacity cut-sheet (C80678 and the second-bin cut-sheet (C80679 You the of sheets, and the high-capacity cut-sheet as the You single-sheet the second-bin cut-sheet specifications, A-4. Capacity of to of A3 to of to sheets of Other to sheets of to of Single-sheet to or to to The thickness of the to inches). If the of from the the thickness of the should than inches). Capacity of to sheets of to of The thickness of the to inches). A5 Specifications A-13
A5 Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) (without Operation: to RH to RH to the following the cut-sheet postcards, sheets, single-sheets, or sheets to 25C to 77F) Humidity: to RH and (including the With only inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) With and inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) A-14 Specifications
Sign-off: Command and Character EPSON ESC/P B-2 B-3 IBM B-6 Character EPSON ESC/P B-7 A5 Command and Character B-1
A5 EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to the advanced and graphics the ESC/P Reference operation: ESC@, ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR ESC C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC motion: ESC ESC ESC V, ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC X, ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: ESC ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics: ESC G, ESC ESC B-2 Command and Character
and includes the following EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, and POSTNET. the commands below: ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Function: ESC Select EAN EAN Interleaved of UPC A, UPC E, POSTNET (1/360-inch (1/180-inch The and when POSTNET selected. The of POSTNET inches; the inches. A5 Command and Character B-3
A5 The The character (HRC) The the HRC. The the HRC. of character EAN-13 and UPC-A only) Not to the The of each type The the following characters type of of characters (HEX) characters (HEX) EAN-13 EAN-8 Interleaved of UPC-A UPC-E POSTNET of characters of characters B-4 Command and Character 0D to FF 0C 0C or to FF to FF or 0A or 0C 0C to FF 0B 0B or to FF to FF or or 0B
The of each type below. If included the the printed. type EAN-13 EAN-8 UPC-A UPC-E Interleaved of POSTNET The following unidirectionally. when with neither printed. when of the the right and text and text the The and characters of to characters. The of A, B, or C) as the first of and and respectively). C and Interleaved of selected, The POSTNET) inch the A5 41-5A), 2B, 2D, 2E, 2F) A, B, C Command and Character B-5
A5 IBM This the IBM with the following commands. information, the IBM reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC (AGM*), ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC (AGM*), CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC J, ESC (AGM*) Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP, ESC Character ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC (AGM*) ESC ESC Graphics B-6 Command and Character
Character EPSON ESC/P the EPSON ESC/P the character below selected software commands. character the the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 and shown completely. The of the character the characters through FF. The with the areas. PC437 (USA) A5 Command and Character B-7 A-7
A5 PC850 PC860 PC863 (Canadian-French) PC865 B-8 Command and Character A-8, A-9 A-10, A-11
PC861 (Icelandic) BRASCII ISO A5 Command and Character B-9 A-12, A-13 A-14, A-15
A5 PC437 PC869 B-10 Command and Character A-16, A-17 A-18, A-19
ISO PC853 PC857 ISO 1T A5 Command and Character B-11 A-20, A-21 A-22, A-23
A5 PC855 PC866 PC852 (East MAZOWIA (Poland)* B-12 Command and Character A-24, A-25 A-26, A-27
MJK (CSFR)* PC864 A5 Command and Character B-13 A-28
A5 PC774 (LST ISO PC866 LAT. B-14 Command and Character character the character
Characters with the ESC To the characters the below, the ESC command. The characters the right with PC864 only. International character You of the following international character the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected with the or with the ESC command. A5 Command and Character B-15 A-29, A-30 A-31
A5 The following selected with the ESC command. B-16 Command and Character A-32
Sign-off: C Contacting Customer United States C-2 services C-3 United and the of Ireland C-4 C-4 Customer C-4 EPSON C-5 Service and C-5 World C-5 Australian C-6 EPSON FAXBACK C-6 EPSON C-6 URL C-6 C-6 EPSON C-7 C-7 C-8 C-8 board C-8 Technical C-8 C-9 A5 Contacting Customer C-1 C
A5 If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information this services to the following information: of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About or Software application(s) normally with and their number(s): United States If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of authorized EPSON Customer the location or the following services: Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information installation, and of EPSON products Customer relations. to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON Sound You purchase or from EPSON Accessories (U.S. only). please C-2 Contacting Customer
If using software with EPSON the that technical information. services You helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON hours using and of the services below. World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service BBS software to parity. to EPSON Fax-on-Demand Service You technical information or and selecting the phone option. You to Fax-on-Demand. EPSON CompuServe of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory credit and user ID and To of this offer the U.S. or and A5 Contacting Customer C-3 C
A5 United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. The the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found EPSON service, Service or World below C-4 Contacting Customer
EPSON EPSON Service and the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, using touch-tone You to follow to and once and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, phone and (which yourself). World If to the and World information the EPSON products, software and to A5 Contacting Customer C-5 C
A5 Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to C-6 Contacting Customer
EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of Access to the charge to purchasers of products the first months of that life. that phone and charges to telephone account. The charge rates when the chargeable You to charges incurred. The first months months to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. the telephone and below: A5 Contacting Customer C-7 C
A5 To technical as as other services, users to EPSON EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to Frequently of EPSON World (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: C-8 Contacting Customer
To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: A5 Contacting Customer C-9 C
A5 C-10 Contacting Customer
Sign-off: ASCII American Information assigning to and this selected the or the EPSON each (CR) line-feed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases the reduce Bidirectional this The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that the of characters characters inch of the of text characters. which the of each character of the of characters. or spreadsheets the that both perforated and to function such as or feed. characters inch cut-sheet optional, that sheets of the DR, A5
DR, A5 or that when the turned or initialized. dithering of to or of which each or of The when as the The character high-speed and ESC/P EPSON This the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P Commands this such as and graphics. of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top-of-form troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that and ASCII characters.
high-speed the or the EPSON High-speed of character to high-speed and interface The the and the which transmitted to the (LQ) The when other than selected. with readability and appearance reduced and high-speed (LF) and that the The to which the loaded. It with the The that the The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands from the using the functions of To to its of the amount of that represented. of measured of inch the of the the the the characters its ROM Memory). DR, A5
DR, A5 tear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the top-of-form tear-off The the the to when the Tear or when tear-off the the that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top-margin which the head only. Unidirectional useful graphics because allows You the or the EPSON bidirectional
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. Phone: EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, Phone: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. Phone: EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February