EPSON
LQ-850/950/1050 EPSON
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this ference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the that the and branch If necessary, the should the or The the following the helpful: to and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this If this than interface connected to interfaces. rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or other- without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation or Neither from the of the information Apple of Apple Computer, Inc. of Corporation. of Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Copyright FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS Corporation
About This This instructions and operating the LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050 around Chapter information and testing the to and follow the instructions this chapter first. the back of the of the with of the identified. and include information and operation. This information the operation of Chapter information to the from This section includes the of software, graphics, and characters. Other include information troubleshooting, and You of terms and At the back of the Reference Card with the information to The LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050 basically the their Therefore, the this the LQ-1050.
this to to should to that operates correctly. Notes information and the of About This
Introduction The LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050 advanced combining high performance and with of features. to the high and ease of operation to from the LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050 offer the following: advanced that of without the This allows to while the optional attached. tear-off that tear off the the the that of the that allows to feed the or of inch to finely the and tear-off Reduced that allows selection of character and pitch, as as choice of or with of to characters Quality high The to of types. The optional feed and
of options with the LQ information the and of these and The and of to of the without reloading. These feed Tractor Unit This option the performance of It useful with Optional Interface Boards of optional interfaces to the built-in and interfaces. choosing the right interface and instructions the boards the section interface boards Chapter The optional to the of character Quality the section the Chapter information. The optional IBM X/XL24 allows to to with IBM Introduction
Introduction
the Checking the the protective Choosing the Assembling the the the Attaching the Testing the Loading sheet of the Connecting the to The interface The interface
the Checking the the the shown below and that locations the
the protective The protected locking and head These protective items the these items, them with the other to To the follow these the cover; then the cross-head screwdriver to and the locking Unpacking the
Unpacking the the head protector. the head to the of the Then, the and right locking to protective the
There selecting location to the following the enough to the its to reach. the easy and locations that to sunlight, heat, or grounded that switches or timers. of information and memory. outlets the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference such as and the of telephones. The below shows location. Choosing the
Assembling the the location the first to the You the the white the the the right of the the the the fits the the to the of the with the and The LQ that both and to the this automatically, that the the of or other feeding If to the of the loaded, the which
the To the follow these that the connected to the cover. the head to the of the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. This the and to Assembling the
Assembling the the its with the from (The LQ-850 the that the the the pointed such as the of to the the head and the At the the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to feed the
Assembling the Attaching the To the follow the below: the the as shown, that the back of the with the back of the the To the slightly to release from its and the
the cover. the cover. Assembling the
Testing the that assembled, the built-in function to that the correctly though to You should this to the and to that the correctly. carrying the to of the turning protective Turning the while the head seriously the Loading of that the switch off. Next, the properly grounded With the attached to the If the to the
Turn the The POWER light and the PAPER OUT light turning the off, least seconds turning back switching of the and off the the release back to the Testing the
Testing the the right and of the to match the of the and of the the the LOAD/EJECT to the If the without the the and the once the
the You ready to the This the of the DIP switches and the characters the memory. The DIP switch this This of the or LQ Quality). which the the DIP switch The inches the LQ-950 and inches the LQ-1050. to To the follow these that the turned off. While holding the LINE FEED the release the LINE FEED Testing the
Testing the The the of or the ON LINE to that everything operating correctly, the ON LINE to the of typical shown below: ./0123456789:;<=>?@A Press the LOAD/EJECT to the the optional the slightly the section the information. off ;<=>?OABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVW off off HIJKLMNOPQR IJKLMNOPQRS JKLMNOPQRST
To this the LQ quality) another sheet of Turn off the then while the FORM FEED You the the when the of or when the ON LINE of typical LQ shown below: Count U.K. ./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST (I*:+,- (I$+,-* off off ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUV ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVW <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWX <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ off off off off off Inter-face <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRS <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU Testing the SW;-
Connecting the to LQ interface interface and RS-232C interface. If which this information. If shielded should to to immediately. The the factory. If to interface, to the DIP switch as shown the section DIP switches The other of interfaces of the optional interfaces the section interfaces Chapter than interface the This the interface interface
The interface connecting to the interface, follow these both the and turned off. the the as shown below. Next the together they of the If ground wire, this to the ground of the the other of the interface the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the Connecting the to
Connecting the to The interface If to interface, to choose interface The following of interface and the they to with: Apple IBM PC and other connecting to the interface, follow these both the and turned off. the interface to the interface of the as shown the other of the interface the the factory to to the DIP switch to other interface and parity, to and properly. the section DIP switches Chapter information.
Continuous Positioning supply Switching Continuous and Switching back to The thickness
of to of inches the LQ-850, inches the LQ-950, or inches the LQ-1050. that to the of the If of sheets, to the optional This option whenever and to Chapter To of follow these that the turned the release back to the
the upright and the with the arrow the (You to this the of the right to the of the the the At this the PAPER OUT light off.
Press the LOAD/EJECT to the to the the using the while the turned Press the ON LINE that the ON LINE lights the from If the the sheet the from the and that the release back and then the
than single-sheet there software *allow to sheet the of If software characters the when reaches the of the this the and the ON LINE light off automatically. If software it characters the of and to this the ON LINE light If the first thing should the ON LINE once to the off once the ON LINE light off, the sheet that and as Press ON LINE to the
Continuous The built the LQ easy to and Its low-profile and of widths. To follow these that the turned off. the release to the the cover and the
the Release the and the the to the and Next, the right to roughly match the of Continuous
the to the the covers.
the first four the the of each the the then the covers. the right to where the straight and then the first sheet of clean, straight and the to feeding.
the as shown below; then the together that they about the of the that the together. the cover and the Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the The this and each to the Press the ON LINE to the that If that or other too high or too the or the perforations, the If to this the This the of allowing to the or back of inch information the section the
using choose the tear-off to this selected, the the that tear off its perforation. Then, the when the This to and the that usually the section tear off the the while the If to the the Positioning supply Three of positioning and supply shown below. Its to with the tractor that the smoothly the Continuous
Continuous and with the easily switch to single-sheet without the from the tractor. To switch from to sheets, follow the below. the cover and the ON LINE to the off Then, If the tear-off function, to the FORM FEED to to where To feeding than necessary, that tear off the the LOAD/EJECT
Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the of the and The attached to the tractor, the path. The PAPER OUT light when the completely of the path. Pressing the LOAD/EJECT once the back enough to reach If the PAPER OUT to the LOAD/EJECT With the LOAD/EJECT to three If, however, and inches) should the LOAD/EJECT once. Also, this button to the release back to the Switching and
Switching Continuous and the upright, and the to roughly match the of the cover. Next, the the Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the Press the ON LINE to the that ready to
Switching back to To switch back to with first that the ejected. the cover. Next, the the back of the and the together that they about the of the the release Press the LOAD/EJECT to the to the Press the ON LINE to the that Switching and
to and of types, including and You manually or with the optional these of to the thickness with The thickness To thicknesses of the LQ with thickness that to of These the to the the should to the the thickness first the off and then the cover. If the the cover, to the head it
of the below. the thickness to or higher, the MULTI- PART light and the reduced. The following selecting the right thickness to match or Thin the to when back to ordinary Continuous with the higher than the of the head. To the of the thickness the MULTI-PART light the the to or higher. the of or thicker than the head. or or
anything thicker than such as or that within the of the and about These should than four including the should with the single-sheet feeding or the You the that the section this chapter The that to the thickness to the thickness of the thickness to or the MULTI-PART light and the reduced. the the previous the thickness If to choose the type mounted with with the tractor. If to the single-sheet feeding You the that the section this chapter The that to the thickness to match the thickness of the the thickness To tear off perforation the tractor. Then, the off and the FORM FEED to the
the through the easily off the and the Also, the LOAD/EJECT to or to feed to the If become the the to Since to and humidity, them operating With the optional sheet of including or bond. the section the Chapter the to the thickness the showing and recommended You individually, the the paper-thickness as indicated the Then, follow the instructions the of this chapter. of the thickness of however, to slightly the the the LOAD/EJECT
that the within the of the as shown below. To that the fits within this of or or or
the Lights SelecType Other the DIP Switches Perforation the Loading The Short Tear Selecting Character Character pitch If SelecType Selecting Character Choosing international character Choosing character
the The the the of the The lights the of the of the Lights MUL-I SelecType FONT ORAFT ROMAN SANS SERIF POWER READY PART PAPER OUT ON LINE FORM FEED L3 LINE FEED LOAD/EJECT Iti POWER On when the switch and supplied. READY On when the ready to input PAPER OUT (red) On when the of -MULTI-PART On when the thickness to or higher. this light should this light flashes, the the section this chapter
MULTI.PART SelecType SANS SERIF SLOT SLOT CPI ---I CONDENSE0 II-. POWER READY PAPER OUT FORM FEED- the ON LINE This the line/off the the light and the and from the J-FORM FEED the off this to of or to the top of the -L LINE FEED the off this to feed the or to feed the continuously. LOAD/W ECT the off this to loaded, or to loaded. -BIN 1/BIN the this to and the optional
the SelecType The the SelecType off, or the MULTI-PART and If try to choose of these, the three POWER READY PAPER OUT FORM FEED FONT Press this to character The lights which selected. If optional these selected choosing SLOT or SLOT B. the section selecting this chapter further information. PITCH Press this to the character pitch. You choose or CPI (character inch) or PS spacing). The light shows the selected pitch. -L CONDENSED Press this to or The light when the this characters of their This with CPI.
Other The of the LQ to holding the FORM FEED or LINE FEED while turn the the This the DIP switch and the characters the ROM Memory). the section the Chapter further information. the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons immediately and when the and the light flashing, the of inch to the and tear-off the section this chapter further information. holding both the LINE FEED and FORM FEED buttons while the the This allows advanced users to the section the further information. the
the DIP Switches the of the of DIP switches (SW1 and SW2) the back of the features such as character and length. To the of DIP switch, first off the or other the as shown below. Then, the back become effective the turned off and or
The below the functions of the DIP switches. DIP Switch Switch DIP Switch Switch perforation the DIP switch that the factory. The factory International character (DIP switches to the Character (DIP switch and (DIP switch the country, and shown the ON OFF International character the below. Character graphics Not Interface/Parity the below. the below. Short tear-off ON OFF feed ON OFF the DIP Switches Graphics Italics OFF ON inches inches ON OFF
the DIP Switches International character selection other character Interface/parity selection selection graphics With the head to the graphics such as or boxes. DIP switch ON, when OFF, bidirectional Either software command. feed ON (DIP switch ON), each (CR) the (LF). OFF OFF OFF OFF Country U.S.A.
DIP switch of or inches. turning the switch the inches. the switch off, the inches. To the of DIP switch, first off the Next, the DIP switch; then the back ON OFF become effective the turned off and or /I ;;I
Perforation perforation one-inch the and the first the This when using the to the perforation, then If correctly, of the the of and the top of the as shown below. OFF perforation off) 23456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\] ON perforation 23456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]' 456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]-- :;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\ 56789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]A-' <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]~wrat LC,YYL I~~ ..LIL..I *I-*-
of the top and Therefore, perforation these Perforation
the Loading The The the of the when the The where the the If the too high or too the the the below. the feeding of or other feeding If to the the this the this and as reference feeding the The the of inch to to the or tear-off Once to the of the that turned off. when to the of the this the turned off. the turned back the to its factory This section using to the the tear-off the the tear-off section this chapter information.
To of the first and then the ON LINE to the The MULTI-PART light to flash. While this light flashing, the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to the backward. the the of inch. If the the continuously of inch the reaches the factory the and feeding You this factory as reference when the to the immediately only. establishes that the turned off, or initialized. the the turned off or the reaches the or top the and the the Loading
Short Tear finished the tear-off the perforation of the to the tear-off of the sheet cover that tear off the the back to the To this first off the and turn DIP switch Then, the the cover that the tear-off The tear-off function as follows: The perforation the of the to the tear-off of the cover. You tear off the the tear-off
If to the of the perforation to the tear-off that the and the MULTI-PART light flashing. Then, the of inch the FORM FEED to feed the or the LINE FEED to backward. to the tear-off immediately the operation of the tear-off function. the tear-off and the turned off, or initialized. the tear off with tearing off the the to the You the tear-off turned (DIP switch when sheets. the release to the tear-off Short Tear
Selecting of combining pitches, and other You the software commands, and SelecType buttons the The the SelecType the turned off, or initialized. commands from software temporarily the SelecType This chapter the features SelecType. To software commands, the instructions or Chapter Command Summary. You the SelecType section of the to choose pitches, and lights which features chosen. Character To the FONT the light that selection SLOT or SLOT optional that The character of the three built-in shown below. To of four optional their and the section Chapter
character high-speed DRAFT o o back of o o o o The and Quality (LQ) of higher ROMAN '"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK o o o o o o o SANS SERIF LMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]--- o o o o o o o /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK Selecting
Selecting Character pitch each of the three built-in choose character pitch of or characters inch (CPI), and choose (PS). To pitch, the PITCH the light of the pitch that offer pitches. the section The following the three pitches: C This CPI This CPI and CPI, each character the amount of The of spacing, however, from character to character. Therefore, than W. The following IO-pitch with This CPI spacing. This spacing.
to the three pitches and spacing, the to the character characters of the of characters; spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information Both and CPI and condensed; CPI To the CONDENSED that the light To off the The following and CPI with and CPI. C This CPI This CPI This CPI If SelecType to These previous software commands these commands SelecType should the options function instead of SelecType to Therefore, SelecType with its to Selecting
Selecting Character the of the DIP switches, of international character and of character Once the DIP switches character that the character the turned off, or intialized. Software commands however, DIP switch they or the off, or intialized. To the of DIP switch, first turn off the the DIP switch, and then the back Choosing character Selection of character with the characters other or with To the character switches and to the DIP switch The following shows the characters each character Character Country ASCII U.S.A. U.K. Norway II II America The through and through software command. tl It 5C o o IE fi o 5E 7C 7D 7E
Choosing character DIP switch selects the character or the Graphics character The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. Since the character affects the of the character text selected the Graphics Also, the software command. To the of DIP switch, first off the Then the DIP switch, and the back Turning DIP switch selects the Graphics character turning off selects the The the following what characters each of the character The the top of the the first of the each character, and the the of the the ChalWAer
Selecting Character Graphics character CODE10123456789A8~DEF C #3CScsQ~B~pns :::I: .A.
Italics character CODE10123456789ABCDEF C #3CScs selecting Character KC&{
Selecting Character
Software Choosing from Word Spreadsheets Graphics Graphics The head The graphics reservation graphics hand-calculated to graphics graphics options commands The reassigning command Characters characters information to the LQ characters Copying ROM characters to RAM Quality characters
Software that and tested the LQ, should that with the to specify the type of that the of the features. of these or section that of from which to choose. Choosing from the family of commands, the LQ-850, LQ-950, or LQ-1050 its selection Choose from the following LQ-850/950/1050 LQ-2500 LQ-800/1000 LQ- If of these listed, the first the following EX FX LX E& To the of the LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050, however, to with the LQ-850, LQ-950, or LQ-1050 its If these the to
following the instructions the and the instructions to that the and the properly. If the the think should, re-check the selection and If Chapter Computers and to characters and commands. To that the the characters the developed-the ASCII (American Information specifically ASCII to commands. The ASCII includes characters and mathematical and other The such as sounding the and the enough to commands actually of or One of the the the of of Therefore, commands of the first of which the This the ASCII ESC this to or the the or to the of the the Further the to the of this chapter. Software
Software and commands to commands, should know they software The of or commands with of or The the based of the The or based of and often Instead of using the through the the through F. the and 0A, 0B, and 0C the and FF to to write that than with front, as shown this distinguished from the them 1B Other of the following: IBH &1B &H1B <1B>H $1B The Command Summary and the Reference Card both the and each command. Unidirectional The LQ the advanced of text and graphics bidirectionally. of graphic to ESC the summary. Word the from and and and footers, and and other effects.
Once the ordinarily of features to around the text to the printed, the and translated commands On the distinctive while others the text as appear-for or This normally restricted to that found such as and of commands the These commands or This the of allowing to command, To of however, to to the commands. the to commands If this the Command Summary this to the command, and the to to assign the command. If LQ correctly, both the LQ and and this selected the the and information the options that of the or section interface). of the commands to Software
If the troubleshooting section and Chapter of this Spreadsheets Although spreadsheets as as they and If spreadsheet of the to the selection. If spreadsheet the information spreadsheets the of the The LQ-850 the LQ-950 and the LQ-1050 to the LQ-850, the LQ-950, and the LQ-1050. Therefore, spreadsheet the of to or commands spreadsheet usually commands within spreadsheet. Instead, or of the whole spreadsheet. With the LQ, there of commands to the of spreadsheet. spreadsheets the of commands to the spreadsheet to to commands. Then the Command Summary this to the to spreadsheet might to commands. To the the Command Summary.
The ESC M, and the SI. spreadsheets the the commands, the Command Summary), might this: The the M, and SI (condensed). The SelecType, Chapter This allows to choose with buttons the If spreadsheet correctly, both the LQ and spreadsheet and this If the to selected the If using the facility, the Command Summary to the commands. If the troubleshooting section spreadsheet or Chapter of this Graphics The LQ of finely graphic section of this chapter information the graphics commands, the to of the with of the graphics graphics software, it option to allow LQ with option LQ should graphics selection the to the selection. Software
Graphics The graphics allows LQ to charts, or other software graphics, to and the this and the software instructions. The and to graphics LQ to graphics With such and then command to the to the If software that graphics, to know about graphics to the software. If, the other hand, to or to the LQ graphics,
The head To graphics to know about the head The head the the to fire. Each fires, the and the to the head the the fire to numbers, or the each other both and vertically the Quality to Instead, the and to of the to vertically, the the head than the of the the of that the that of o o o Graphics
Graphics The head to graphics as as text graphic the LQ about the that newspapers and printed. If closely newspaper photograph, that of The LQ its with of as as inch and vertically. The the LQ therefore, as finely as the the of this section. Eight-pin graphics The LQ graphics with Although this only third of the graphics. Twenty-four-pin graphics The graphics that of the head graphics. It this with only of them, to inch the head the every of inch instructions about which of its to fire. At each fire of from to This that the of information each the LQ of information its with three of information each
To the which to fire each first each of the three sections of each and each section there of the each section, that allows to to which of the This shown below: To fire its To fire than the the of the and the to the With these the fire the top To fire the If to fire only the top and and then the together, fire of shown three of to the that fire of With this of the to and and duplicated. Graphics
Graphics there each each of the three sections each this of and graphics inch, of graphics only inch numbers. Fortunately, software the these graphics however, to know the of the graphics command. The graphics The graphics from the other commands the LQ. of the other LQ such as and the and another off. graphics, the the that graphics the LQ this the as and them the The LQ that allows to of the graphics options. The of the this command, the of to graphics. The graphics options the ESC selects the graphics option and and
this reservation The graphics command than to specify to thousands of the LQ than Therefore, the graphics To the of The Since the command numbers, supply than the of and and the Graphics
to of graphics should and The LQ the of as graphics what they This that to supply enough of graphics or the LQ and and to locked. If, the other hand, supply too graphics the and as graphics This first to the graphics command, reservation numbers, and BASIC and the following to include both The the below selects graphics and graphics. graphics three of each to supply of the which the first shown the section and finishes the hand-calculated to graphics With what know the of graphics using hand-calculated to graphic While this the tedious, graphics. Also, graphic that should WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(32)CHR$(40)CHR$(B)i FOR X=1 TO LPRINT CHR$(170); NEXT and
The below shows to where to printed. This graphics each of its of inch high and graphics inch this about of inch high and than of inch The that the LQ the of of that each other both vertically and The reason the each that of the the they cover each other. Therefore, that each the of and the actually each other. the assigned of the to and then the each of These the that to the as graphics to the of
Graphics shown the three sections to the At the the of each section of each the of the that section. This of to this
the BASIC that the shown the Notice that the the that the that the WIDTH IBM PC BASIC; the WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT FOR READ LPRINT NEXT LPRINT DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA this assigns the graphics option with the of of each the that below. Notice that the This using the graphics option the the to the inch) both To CHR$(N); Graphics
Graphics the following to the the to as shown below. FOR NEXT graphics options commands previously mentioned, the LQ to commands that FX and RX There four graphics options commands that the as the ESC command, each graphics option. these commands graphics that these commands than the ESC they to graphics option. They shown below: Command Function ESC Format ESC ESC ESC ESC of the of graphics the LQ with option from the output from the TO RESTORE C high-speed ESC ESC ESC ESC
The reassigning The LQ that allows to the graphics option assigned to of the four graphics options commands. The command this: The the that to the assignment (K, L, Y, or Z) and the of the graphics option that to assign to to the ESC to the CRT graphics option, the BASIC This to the aspect ratio of the that the graphics option the without the height. You should, however, this with If of the graphics options to graphics option without the that the graphics the the graphics options three as graphics as the graphics LPRINT CHR$(27)?;K CHR$(4) ESC Graphics
Characters With the LQ, to and characters of You or typeface, characters such as mathematical or or graphic with characters to as building Below of typefaces created with the character function. You the of characters using software that creating characters or with of characters created. Also, software of the character function to (These characters characters The characters the Memory (ROM), and the characters the Random Access Memory (RAM). characters characters graphics the instructions where each printed. fact, character graphics
To character that high-one each the LQ head. The of the character the character characters, the Quality and characters it with the both Quality and spaced closely together than those The below the The the the top of and the the those with (the of such as and The The the right Quality or characters. Quality the There restriction characters. the That there to the and to the right of each that This Quality, and Characters
Characters Characters The first characters to the as them to The the the graphics section, to each the below with character the created to the information to the LQ. Every assigned Each (which of first three of Each of which consists of Hence, each The within each of and the of the that the (which of the top and the least (which of the
The shows to this to the the character. On the of the the the The of each the of the where appear. The right of the shows the whole character with the three each indicated the This the this written BASIC and everyone with The to the LQ, however, that with to character and the to The character to this information to the Characters
Characters information to the LQ The characters the Quality, or that the currently It records whether or or turned This that to character the the turned when the character. The LQ to characters of the its The of the this: The ESC enough. The (which ASCII the allows At this ASCII With the LQ, characters with command. The the ASCII of the first and characters If character, and the You and to which the Also, instead of ASCII to If, instance, to the characters through Z, would (or ASCII and would (or ASCII the ESC AZ the would the alphabet of ESC and and and and
Following the of the of characters to this three that the of the character and the around The specified and the right specified The the of of that to the character. the of the character and the around proportional-width characters that The below shows the these bytes. Quality Quality The of the character the that the each character. three to specify the of the LQ of to follow Characters
Characters character should this clear: the ESC selects The character The the of characters this of The information about the character (which the the of the to the the and Quality or characters BASIC, WIDTH to and from with I..-- 3A"A DATA and and
characters If the arrow and the RAM location ASCII the You three of The first and third and of the the the the arrow that the to the below: both of characters (the ROM characters that the normally and the character the The command to switch the and It If to the ROM character selected (this the If to the character selected. If the character characters, the the ROM characters You switch character the of To the of and the ROM characters to RAM the the character and to other characters, the that the arrow. Since other characters the RAM nothing Other characters to the as as they TTTTT ESC Characters
to of the characters to the of the as to switch back and forth the character and the character It however, rather Therefore, the LQ which allows to of the characters from ROM to the character The If the selected. This characters created. You this to the characters. If this the of then characters and the character with the as character to switch back and forth Quality characters If Quality with the ESC command, characters to of the Quality/Proportional The spaced together than (the of inch as to of inch characters). characters Selecting the character characters of the highest Characters using of the Quality/Proportional that Quality and as There to the and right of each that selected. If ESC:OnO
and You and characters. as Quality characters when the Quality selected, characters created when or selected. These characters as or as The characters exactly the only their that The characters and characters that they They of high and their shown the below: Quality Since characters they as information when them. characters, of each of these characters shown the below. Quality and Characters
Characters Mixing Each of the three character Quality, and with of the instance, with characters. The characters to this Mixing the three of characters If, and characters, then and the first character type of character RAM If characters then switch to another and the character the and nothing The character however, unaffected. If switch back to the which they then and them. that characters RAM, which Whenever the turned off, or the with the (INIT) the characters this each BASIC loaded.) ESC characters.
the Ribbon Transporting the Cleaning the
the Ribbon becomes too to the ribbon. the following ribbons: LQ-850 LQ-950 LQ-1050 To the ribbon, off the to the and the cover. If the recently, the head cool to the the the the LQ-850) and the straight and of the the head to the of the
the ribbon, and turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the its and that the the as shown below. (The LQ-850 pointed such as the of to the the head and the At the the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the to that the or creased. You the the head from to the the cover. the Ribbon
Transporting the If to the the and the cover, and the head to the of the While holding the the and right locking Then, the head the to the right, and the head the and as shown below. Then, using cross-head screwdriver, the locking
the back the and then back its the the option cover. This cover off and to the Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly To this, from the options that as as the the using and with Clear and the head to to clean beneath to of the the If the outer or clean with cloth with the cover to from the or or cloth. or thinners to the these chemicals as as the the of the with the think
Troubleshooting and
Troubleshooting This chapter and their At the back of the chapter, section the This the of the and and This section and The that the and the POWER light If the and the POWER light that the and that the outlet turned that the ON LINE light If the ON LINE that the connected to the both of the the and the If the the Chapter If the properly, the right, and the the the software or the If the The or that the properly the section Chapter The the section the Chapter The thickness the the section the thickness Chapter The head This of characters to the head replaced. to the head other of the should the
The The of the supply. The the section the Chapter The the section the Chapter If the READY light off and the ON LINE light the LQ to allow the head to cool. to to If the the sounds, and the ON LINE light the off and then back and to If the and to service sheets properly The of the release back to the You to the with the LOAD/EJECT while the ON LINE. that the off when the LOAD/EJECT button. The too or too the Chapter The properly. the section the Chapter The sheet selected the DIP switch. the section DIP switches Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting Continuous feed properly The of the release to the that the of the correctly the The properly. the section The too from the with tractor, or there the of the Chapter instructions the of the supply. If the tear-off turned the DIP switch the of the of each This allows to tear off the the perforations. the section tear off Chapter The what The international character selected. the section international character Chapter The character or Graphics) selected. The or pitch or selected properly. the section SelecType Chapter The software correct. that software correctly The SelecType the (or to the that with SelecType Another to the instead of SelecType to The to the
sheet correctly The selected with the DIP switch. The of the release the release back to the The properly. The supply properly. The of the back. The correctly. the section the Chapter the section the Chapter information these This to easy to the of the and of the reaching the produced. least inches the LQ-950 and inches the LQ- To the the FORM FEED and LINE FEED the while the Next, or written the to the as shown below: IB 6C 6D 1E 6F 6E 6E 6F 2E Troubleshooting .@.R..t..6..P.p. This of 6F easy
Troubleshooting To off the the ON LINE to the and the off then off the (It INIT from the The shown while writing this section. the characters the right with the of what to the If characters they appear as their ASCII characters. Non-printable such as of to the first three the of the Each while the the T. the of the right and the preceded The chart below the first Command Function 1B 1B 1B 1B 1B 1B ESC ESC RO ESC tl ESC DC2 ESC ESC Select USA character Select Graphics Printable Select
The Assembly the Recommended Envelope the sheet Software software operation Testing the the Switching and The Tractor and finished the the Interface Boards Choosing interface Compatible interfaces the interface board The Font the The
The The optional and of to of the without reloading. These feed LQ-850 LQ-950 LQ-1050 The this chapter the the LQ-1050, the others the the the that with them assembly instructions. You the with software (ESC EM) or the checking to that of the shown the the from the and the the to or the
Assembly the the free and them the as shown. the the back of the The together
The Sheet the front as shown. (There front the the LQ-850 the assembled as follows. the cover and the the release the back.
the the release and, the the front of the the slightly to the notches the of the the the then the back its top of the The
The the front section of the cover. the the front cover; then the
the To allow to the to DIP switch to If information to this, the section DIP switch Chapter To the the should the following: Turn the off DIP switch to the using pointed such as the of Turn the back of DIP switch should with the turned off. The and the the turned Recommended typewriter If to with or textured should or You or to the thickness to the thickness of the information thickness the section with Chapter the of or thicker than the head. thicker than that of the than of inch to the The
To follow the below. the the the and to allow that the front when the that the fin the matches the arrow the then the right to roughly match the of
of and as shown. This the from sticking that the and of the to the the the with the of the Then, the right the firmly, tightly that the to bunch. The Sheet
The the back clicks and the the The completely too used. If this from the and Envelope the as to the following: the thickness to match the thickness of Follow through of the section to the front they To
the the that the ON LINE light Once the the of whenever character or feeding to the the that of the empty, feeding and the PAPER OUT light To then the ON LINE The from the which If turn off the the or the Software operation The following commands the to the the without the FF ESC EM The ESC EM command software to the operation of the information about this command, the summary of commands Chapter If the reaches the of the when of the following feeding commands used, the the and the loaded. LF feed; the VT the to the ESC of inch The
The Sheet software switch and sheet usually to the of software of the physical of feeding of top and each To properly, software to know the and to know exactly The LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050 count and the of that of This the of should as the software the following section the to the of which software to as or Length, to the Top Margin, the Margin, and the of to the The the LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050 normally top Therefore, top of inch), should the Top Margin software to four The of about three to of inch) should the Margin software to three With of the of would inches). software only the or ESC EM commands recommended operation. This type of software sheet or allow and to to the with of these without the the the to the of then that of as the software. If this as feeding If software allow to the Length, software
The following typical of software operation of Not software the that of the to To from Top Margin from Margin from to and other software to these You the each or; You the that every the these If features, such as and footers, to accordingly. operation of the from the of the immediately the LOAD/EJECT and the ON LINE as as the If the turned off, the to the factory the with affects the of You to software this length. to to The
The Testing the the the built-in the sheet the slightly from that of the the using the the LINE FEED or FORM FEED and the switch as Chapter the the counts the of the and this the of the first as shown below. The of counted the becomes the This however, software commands. The when to the of count of the of the The of the to the Chapter the Switching and The LQ allows to easily switch and feeding without to the or the supply. To switch these feeding follow the below. XX.
that the already and as Chapter the as this section, that DIP switch to and that the release the back. To switch from to the release the You to the DIP switch the clicks as shown below. This the of the front of the loaded. With the release the normally, allowing to the to the of To switch back to operation, the LOAD/EJECT the of the and Then, the release back to the the the The
The Tractor The optional tractor the LQ-850, the LQ-950, or the LQ-1050) The tractor with and the with the built-in tractor, as this section. that both of the option as shown below, the and to the The tear-off function with the tractor. with the tractor, that DIP switch to off. the section DIP switches tractor cover
and that the turned off, and the as follows: the cover and the and the already. the the release and the front of the the the tractor with the to the right and the rear notches the the mounting the as shown below. The Tractor
The Tractor Then, the the front the front mounting of the as to the about of inch from the locking the the tractor, that the off and the FORM FEED This the that the the tractor. the to the while the turned If to the to the function Chapter the covers, and release the
the to match the of the and the they the (There only the LQ-850.) the of the the of the the of the as necessary. The Tractor
The Tractor If the exactly the the tractor feed and the the covers.
that the crooked or and the the the they distributed the of Also, that the right and the both of The Tractor
The Tractor the then the together they about the of the the tractor cover as shown below. Press the ON LINE to the ready to finished The tear-off function with the tractor. If to tear off the its perforation, the ON LINE to the off and the FORM FEED to the tearing off the the If wish, the without the tractor. If choose to this, the from the the and then to the release to the the
Removing the tractor turning off the and the cover, the tractor as follows: Press the the tractor and back and off the the as shown below. ready to sheets or the tractor. The Tractor
Interface Boards There of optional interfaces that to the of built-in and interfaces. If whether optional interface, or to know about interfaces, with Compatible interfaces The following of interfaces that with LQ interface interfaces the EPSON them. If the board four with and should to of the the Optional interface interface IEEE-488 interface
the interface This section to the optional interface boards with LQ easy, and the cross-head screwdriver. High the when the to the the turned off and the Also, to the board of the of the the electricity that Turn off the to the and the Next, the and the interface from the options such as tractor or then the cover, the and the cross-head screwdriver, the screws: located the front of the the other the back near the Interface Boards
Interface Boards the the the front of the Partially the then reach and the releasing the front
the back through the With the free of the the straight back to the hinges, and then off. the shield the back of the to allow to the optional interface Interface Boards
Interface Boards the attached to the board. To the its and gently, firmly, straight You to the back and forth slightly as to free from-the board. the screw CG from the board. This ground screw located to the
There basic interface Each slightly differently. Both below. The the operation of the interface Pictured below the to which FG attached FG attached FG attached The following section interface without the FG ground) attached. If interface with the FG attached, to the section instructions. Interface Boards
Interface the CG screw, the round of the FG ground) to the board. the other of the as shown. the that the the white the from to that the of the with the of the
the interface board the built-in as shown the Next, the the optional interface board the the board. the board with the screws the of the FG the FG located top of the interface board. Reassemble the to the FG the and sections of the Interface Boards
Interface Boards FG attached This section to interface that FG ground) attached. the interface board to the as shown below. the CG screw, the round of the FG to the board. the that the the white the from to that the of the with the of the
the interface board clockwise and to the board. that the properly the the board with the screws Reassemble the to the FG the and sections of the Interface Boards
The The optional LQ Once or B, the following OCR-A, OCR-B, and Orator-S. The of the (A or B) the the that with the information using the The following the character each LMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^- /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK
OCR-A The OCR-A and OCR-B character known as or input another LMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]^- Orator-S /0123456789:;(=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUV The
The the To follow these the off. the cover. the and B. the securely SLOT or that the arrow the and the facing each other. If to SLOT A.
the cover. turned the and ready to SLOT or the FONT the SelecType This selection the turned off, or initialized. You SelecType to pitch the the The
The The optional IBM X/XL allows to to with IBM the that with the instructions
Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications interface interface
Specifications Pitch Quality Characters/second/line LQ LQ with to right). inch, or of of inch or (DIP switch New CPI CPI CPI CPI CPI CPI Optional CPI, CPI, CPI CPI, CPI, CPI CPI, CPI, CPI OCR-A CPI OCR-B CPI CPI Orator-S CPI
Character ASCII characters international character Graphics Friction feed with or (optional) (optional) LQ-950 LQ-1050 of LQ-850 to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches Continuous Printable or or &Q-850: (LQ-950: (LQ-1050: (LQ-850: (LQ- Specifications to to to /B to
Specifications feed Approximately inch thickness to inches sheets; to inches of With only; to three thickness: inches Mechanical Ribbon Cartridge only. ribbons LQ-850 LQ-950 LQ-1050 Quality characters, dots/character): and MCBF head: MTBF LQ-850: hours duty) LQ-950: hours duty) LQ-1050: hours duty) head and LQ-850 LQ-950 LQ-1050 Width: Width: Width: Depth: Depth: Depth:
VAC, (USA) VAC, Non-switchable to Insulation MQ AC and chassis withstand AC and chassis or Operation: C) Operation: to without to without Shock Operation: to within to within Operation: to to to to to C to to C to C) Specifications
Interface Specifications The LQ with both and interface. than interface the This interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following STROBE DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA ACKNLG BUSY Direction IN STROBE These IN IN of the IN HIGH IN IN and IN OUT About LOW ready OUT HIGH to microseconds the of of respectively. when LOW when that and that the to HIGH the than information that the The following
ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when the GND NC SLCT IN IN The DC1/DC3 when this HIGH fixing with J9. The of this factory-set to LOW.) to LOW, the to its and the cleared. This usually HIGH; its than the as Unused. to +5V through 3.3K Interface Specifications through
Interface Specifications Notes: The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and the of each than seconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW.) Interface The below shows the the interface. BUSY ACKNLG DA STROBE TA
and The below shows the relationship or and the on-line/off-line the (SLCT IN), and the of on/off character, DC1/DC3. SLCT ON-LINE (J9/ interface) ON-LINE High ON-LINE High OFF-LINE High/Low though characters and acknowledged, the another DC1 character, which would allow to interface The LQ built-in interface RS-232C interface with the following characteristics: length: or 3V to 27V 3V to 27V BPS IN on/off DC1 DC3 ERROR BUSY High High/Low High High/low High High/Low High Interface Specifications ACKNLG (Disabled/ cond.) Not
Interface Specifications DTR or X-on/X-off. The DTR to the ready to the of free the input to The to space-meaning that the ready-when the of free the input to Connector DIN this the of relative to the TXD DTR RXD NC SG FG The as shown below. X-on/X-off Whether or the ready to Not ground chassis ground
The Command Summary Commands Commands Topic motion motion and character Word Character characters Graphics
The Command Summary This chapter and the commands the LQ-850, LQ-950, and LQ-1050. This summary topics, there of the commands If know which this to the where The Reference Card the of the of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The commands this the following Word motion Character motion characters Graphics and character Each section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command. The section the of the and information necessary The section includes: the ASCII characters ASCII the the
three the to instance, BASIC might to the first and might the second, and would the third such as The the section. of the chart the following commands that or the the ASCII and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC ESC and ESC BASIC with of these LPRINT -ASCII LPRINT These ESC SOH or ESC W1 The type of consists of character to the instance, to the The ASCII SI OF Character of this chapter.
More commands of or character to the ASCII this or to or To ON from BASIC the LPRINT chart O-27. The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the that this and the other ESC 1B Hex. Cntl. OA OB OD Hex. OE OF 1A 1B Cntl.
The following shows and ESC (with their and and the where the found. Hex. ASCII BEL Backspace BS HT LF 0A Vertically VT 0B FF 0C CR 0D Select Double-wide 0E SO OF Select SI Select DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 Double-wide CAN DEL 7F Character Select Double-wide ESC SO 0E 0F Select ESC SI Turn On/Off ESC EM Intercharacter ESC SP ESC Select MSB ESC ESC Select ESC Characters ESC Select/Cancel ESC 2A Select Graphics ESC 2B Select n/360-inch Spacing ESC 2D Turn On/Off ESC 2F Select ESC 1/8-inch Spacing ESC Select 1/6-inch Spacing ESC Select n/180-inch Spacing ESC Select ESC ESC Printable Characters ESC Commands
ASCII Hex. ESC ESC 3A Copy ROM RAM ESC 3C Select Unidirectional ESC 3D MSB to 3E MSB to ESC 3F Reassign Graphics ESC ESC ESC Select n/60-inch Spacing ESC ESC C Select Select ESC C ESC Select Emphasized ESC Emphasized ESC Select ESC ESC 4A n/180-inch ESC ESC 4B Select Graphics 4C Select Graphics ESC ESC 4D Select Pitch ESC 4E Perforation ESC 4F Perforation Select Pitch ESC Right Margin ESC Select Character ESC Select ESC Select ESC ESC ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Turn Double-wide On/Off ESC Select High-speed Graphics ESC 5A Select Graphics ESC 5C Relative ESC Select Justification ESC ESC Select Pitch ESC 6B Family
ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin Turn On/Off ESC Select Character ESC Select Character ESC Select High ESC Select Quality or ESC
Commands Topic The following section and the commands. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the and clears the the command. Select DC1 Format: ASCII DC1 the to the selected the (DC3). the switched off the ON LINE DC1 and DC3 the interface IBM and computers).
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the (DC1) received. The reselected with the ON LINE DEL Format: DEL ASCII 7F the text character the Character
Select Unidirectional ESC< Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3C normally bidirectional. This command selects only. (It The head to the and from to right. ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF. Printing normally bidirectional. This selects positioning text and graphics Unidirectional the graphics
Turn On/Off ESC EM Format: ESC EM ASCII 1B The following turned ON. Selects Selects R: Ejects from selected turned OFF. The should the It other than R, or the section Chapter MSB ESC Format: ASCII ESC the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics from the of the ASCII printed. ESC this MSB to
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3E the MSB of incoming as MSB ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the MSB ESC or ESC BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the MSB to
CR Format: ASCII CR 0D Prints the the and the to the feed the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW or DIP switch CAN Format: ASCII CAN text the Motion feeding FF Format: ASCII FF 0C Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. The the with ESC C. CSF FF
ESC C Format ESC C ASCII 1B the to the spacing. The of from The top of to the ESC C Format: ESC C ASCII the to from The top of to the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4E The the of the and the first the with the (l/6-inch), and ESC and then This ESC C or ESC C The of from 1B inches. The of Perforation
ESC Format ASCII ESC 1B 4F the perforation ESC N. the DIP switch perforation feeding LF Format: ASCII LF 0A this received, the the and the the spacing. ESC Format: ASCII ESC the to of inch commands. The the character and or the 1B Perforation Select 1/8-inch Spacing
Select 1/6-inch Spacing ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the to of inch commands. The the character and This the Select n/180-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The the character three and The of Select n/60-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The of Select n/360-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2B from O-255. from
the to of inch feed commands. This of from O-255. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4A Advances the from This and VT Format: ASCII VT 0B Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If selected, the ESC Format: ASCII to the affected spacing. The as from The character the of the command. ESC ESC clears the of inch. The of ESC 1B n/UO-inch
ESC Format: ASCII Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which O-7. Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC This to the with the of from O-7. VT commands the selected this command. Motion Margins ESC1 Format: ASCII ESC the to the pitch. the treated as pitch. This clears and characters the lowercase the The the the of character. ESC 1B 1B 1B 2F 6C Margin pitch
ESC Format: ESC ASCII the right to the pitch. the treated as pitch. This clears and characters the The the the of pitch character. head BS Format: ASCII BS Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, beyond, the The BS should with ESC or ESC 1B Right Margin Backspace
ESC Format: ASCII This the from the that characters to printed, this of Each of inch. The and the previous effective the specified the right ESC Relative Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5C the (relative to the which of following To first the If the to the from the this of The command would the the of inch and of inch Quality or ESC YLZ 1B and
HT Format: ASCII HT Advances the to the The of characters the currently selected pitch. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows of to which as (from with the character terminating the command. The ESC clears The or ESC command every characters. The the character pitch and the of pitch characters the YLZ
Quality or ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects the Selects the Quality (LQ) ESC Select Family Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6B This command affects the Quality If the the used. To of the four other the family of the shown below. to choose the The following only the OCR-B OCR-A such as the Font Orator-S GO
Select ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B Selects of the following pitch, pitch, condensed, emphasized, and To the of the from the below: and Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC Selects pitch characters inch). pitch the pitch, this normally to pitch or pitch. Select Pitch ESC Format: ASCII ESC Selects pitch characters inch). Select Pitch
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects pitch characters inch), and pitch or pitch. with Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF. The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. This with the and should with the optional Select SI Format: ASCII SI 0F Prints characters about of their the pitch characters inch. Select Pitch
ESC SI Select Format: ASCII ESC SI 1B 0F the SI command. DC2 Format: ASCII DC2 SI, ESC SI, or SelecType. Select Double-wide Format: ASCII SO 0E Double-wide the of characters. This or DC4. ESC SO this command. Select High ESC Format: ASCII ESC high the height of characters. If the turned If the turned off. You to the to the height of these characters. 1B
DC4 Double-wide Format: DC4 ASCII selected SO or ESC SO, selected ESC or ESC Turn Double-wide On/Off ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B The following ON. OFF. Double-wide the of characters. ESC Select Emphasized Format: ESC ASCII 1B text each with the slightly to the right of the first.
ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B emphasized, the selected ESC E. ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B text each with the slightly below the first. ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B off the selected ESC G. ESC S0 Format: ASCII ESC 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character Emphasized Select Select
Select ESC S1 Format: ASCII ESC 1B characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B or Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2D The following turned ON. turned OFF. This including
Select/Cancel ESC Format ESC ASCII 1B 2D or ASCII characters. the following the first The of strikethrough overscore The of whether the or CL! the selected The three of the characteristics of the as shown below: On Notes: If and both off, the selected and combined the the location of the off off
ESC Select Character Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Select Select Select with ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B characters to printed. This the Graphic selected ESC or DIP switch, character graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC Select
Word Processing Select Justification ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes HT BS and commands should with there within Intercharacter ESC SP Format: ASCII ESC SP 1B the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of which should from of of inch and of inch Quality and Double-wide the of
Character Select Character Table ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects the character Selecting Character Graphics selected ESC The following Selects Italics character Selects Graphic character below. the function of DIP switch that the of or The characters from the to the Characters ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the Graphic character selected, this the of through as characters, ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B
the Graphic character selected, this through to treated as This the Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following USA Norway II II America Characters and information this topic. ESC Characters Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows characters to the currently selected
ESC Copy ROM RAM Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3A This the characters the ROM RAM that characters The the family. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the Select
Graphics Chapter graphics the ESC* graphics Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4B graphics The of Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4C eight-pin, low-speed, graphics The of Select High-speed Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B high-speed, graphics The of
ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5A eight-pin, graphics The of ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2A graphics the below the The of tCRTI Hex-density* this
Reassign Graphics ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B 3F graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z), which reassigned to
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. Application Software to such as or accounting. ASCII American Information and nearly of computers, and software. of the of Usually to second. Bidirectional which the head from to right only every other On the other from right to This increases the of the the head both or The or that the to the bidirectional the head actually to the approximately of the of characters. pitch characters inch GL-1
Continuous This pin-feed each and perforated Also The ASCII includes characters and other which These the such functions as sounding the and optional that sheets of the trouble-shooting the the each that or that when the turned or initialized. These DIP switches or SelecType. DIP switches switches that DIP graphics graphic of of which and of GL-2
width which each character as as characters. One of the LQ. of character high-speed Quality. (ESC) to commands. ESC/P of commands and software computers. Graphics Graphics international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. pitch pitch with characters inch. Font of type family Font that the LQ-850 and LQ-1050 to character Quality terminology this to or that the to the top of the GL-3
the to its Interface The the and the interface and interface character or which the characters This Quality (LQ) One of of the LQ. Quality reduces the and increases the of character to increase the of character high-speed feed or that the Loading The to which the loaded. It with the that the and tear-off of inch This immediately when the MULTI-PART light the flashing. Three commonly with GL-4
and the and (This the and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and and the and information that or off. often and The of the that the the Paper-out switch the that when with The of the that fits top of the to interface interface the the and the There types: interface character or and interface Parity Parity and to the of Pitch Indicates the of characters inch pitch The that the GL-5
The LQ of and Quality. high-speed, Quality polished which the of the character from character to character. Therefore, W, than lowercase RAM Random Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. Returning to its with command, INIT or turning the off and of the operation of the the turned the the characters that its ROM. interface interface the the and the There types: interface and interface character or Short tear-off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the This with the pitch pitch with characters inch. This often the or character GL-6
Tractor The of the that through the pitch pitch with characters inch. characters Characters and temporarily the the known as characters. GL-7
EPSON LQ-850/950/1050 Reference
DIP Switch Switch DIP Switch Switch ON (DIP switch ON), each (CR) the feed (LF). International character selection ON OFF OFF Interface/parity selection OFF OFF ON ON selection Descriction International character Perforation Interface/Parity Short tear off feed* ON OFF OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON ON OFF Interface TVI ON the below. ON inches ON the below. the below. ON ON Country U.S.A. Parity OFF OFF inches OFF OFF OFF
and Function reference. included this to their complexity those that such as ESC The following the reference Chapter the right Chapter ESC DC1 DC3 DEL ESC ESC EM ESC# BEL CR CAN FF ESC C ESC0 ESCJ VT ESC ESC ESC ESC HT ESC I127 7F I80 I3C I85 I55 I35 I23 OD I67 I43 I48 I43 I74 I4A OB 2F I92 IO9 FI Select Character Select Unidirectional MSB Motion Select Select n/360-inch n/180-inch Vertically Select Relative Spacing s-i Is12 S-18
Style/Print Processing Character ESC ESC ESC ESC Select Character Printable Select Character Table Characters
release built-in tractor tion
Printed =o II\
EPSON AMERICA, INC. California EPSON