switch Specifications Le4terQuatity The paper-thidoress slowdcwnthephtiarg~. Bidirectional text and graphics. Unidirectional graphics selected with the or software command. Printable characters characters characters characters characters Download memory: EPSON LQ-300-1 or head inch, inch, or of inch. inches/second with feed. 8KB 10KB Character Character Character (optional): Ribbon Black, and sheets (CSF): to to inches) Width: to to inches) Length: to to inch) Thickness: to insertion): to to inches) Width: Length: inches) to to inch) Thickness: to to to inches) Width: three Thickness: to to inch) to EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON One and graphic character graphic character areas.) international character and character to Cl only and to only and to to to sheet or three-part with the tractor. using the to the using the tractor, the the the off the tractor. EPSON LQ-300 EPSON
EPSON LQ-300 only. If or increase, higher of to to inches) inches) to to inches) to to inches) Thickness: only type and usethemonlywiththetractor. (6.5~3.6inches) to to inches) to and Printable and Theminlnwmtapmat$n&55mm(02inch). The inch). Theminimomti@tmarghis3mm(0.12inch). HtmBver,the- prlntrblew#his203mm(8inches). C The EPSON LQ-300-2 inches) to inch). Continuous TheminimumtopandbottommPrginsaboveandbekwthepertoration~ inch). Themlnimuml~aMJrlgMmarghs~13mm(0.51inch). The Mechanical Friction Paper-feed tractor (with Ribbon: MTBF: head life: inches) Depth: inches) and (Without inches) Height: Rated AC AC to to Rated to Ratedcurrent wklth inches). optional tractor C800301) Cut-sheet (option and C806371)
Operation: to ribbon): or to (without Operation: to RH ribbon): Operation or US EN US FCC (VDE EN (CISPR Class Interface Specifications with and interface. The switches to the interface when interface specifications The interface the following characteristics. Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or EPSON LQ-300-3 35OC to 95F) to 35OC to 95OF) to 25OC to 77OF) 55OC to totE%RH UL1950 with D3, CSA22.2 with D3 (TUV) IEC (SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, SETI) ETA-232D interface interface specifications The interface the following characteristics. Word length: or Parity or Stop Synchronization: DTR or Parity Connector: assignments The following the assignments and their respective interface The You as feeding, feeding, and and selecting fonts-with the the The lights the and the XON/XOFF ETX/ACK ETA D-SUB, COMector RbwsdmsaisQound PoiliveMenhepinbrismadytoacuwtdah rdmgdwhmReprWrisnotrsdy EPSON LQ-300
EPSON LQ-300 Lights and buttons Light The light when the turn the the light flashes the of the light flashes and the sounds three The light flashes when tear off the of the of the cover. The POUS light and the sounds Font and Font lights
PO866, PC869, IS0 IT, to the Character Character the characters and includes of character This option when with the tractor. You the to or 70/6(the of A4 inches. turn this the the perforations of marginbehyeenthelastiineprintedono~pageandthe first the software their top and should this only them. This single-sheet tear off with the tractor, this the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the to the top-of-form and soyoucanuseallofthenextsheet.Whenyouusethe to this to off. EPSON LQ-300-5 Pc8s2,Pctl53, Pcass, MAZOWIA, IS0 MJK, the ittformafion. Graphic You choose or bidirectional as the graphics. The usually text and graphics bidirectionally To graphics unidirectionally of software You the of commands ESC/P the EPSON ESC/P the operates as IBM X24E. If choose EFSON ESC/P software This allow to the advanced and graphics that the and to commands as AGM Graphics AGM to On, the high-resolution graphics commands. The off. IBM X24E, this feed the feed each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to If text top of each other, Interface this to the which interface and switches to that interface the of the (when from the selected interface the amount of specified), You seconds or seconds. this option to the to from the interface or to the to from the interface. These options when the interface to the State operation this option to length, and EPSON LQ-300 IBM@ X24E, X24E.) ETX/ACK
EPSON LQ-300 the If software to the the To the least inches) or otherwise the enough sheets the Turn off the the correctly. the Font while the If sheets, of The the and of from which choose. You instructions or Spanish, as shown Table below. Table Font lights English O=on,O=off, To choose the Font repeatedly the Font lights match selection. to choose Spanish, the Font and Font Press LF/R to the The the the Press the Font to text that through the operations. The instructions include that of the and the lights appear each selection. finished, to If the and the this Font At this Table B. Press the Font or to through the Table B, and the lights to EPSON LQ-300-6 inches) directly the Font flashing. of choice, and then LF/FF Table 0=on,*=otf,~=nashing to the Interface Font or LF/FF Font flashing, Font off, and the light flashing. The once each the while Table B. reach the that to once. The and that choose Interface and then Table H. the the Press the Font to through the The each the Font while the lights match the to selection. The the and to B. through each to change, or to to the ll.Whenyouarefinished,tumtheprinteroff.Anysettings them #the LF/FF Table EXT/ACK the TableE
the Ribbon Cartridge the the turned off. the to the upright then to the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool the head to the of the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the EPSON LQ-300-7 the the as shown; then both of the to the the pointed such as to the the head and Turn the ribbon-tightening to the should or creased. the head from to to smoothly. and the cover. becomes to the To the first the head to the of the Then the and of the the The built-in function that the properly. You the with or sheets; this section the with You should least inches) to the sheets. otheruise, the directly the EPSON LQ-300
EPSON LQ-300 the turned off and the paper-release of the back to the single-sheet the The the upright. automatically. While the Release the the light flashes. The sounds three indicating the of the the Next, the right to match the of EPSON LQ-300-8 LF/FF the RI the The To temporarily, the To the the Press LF/FF to the then off the software the type of that of the features. software or section that includes of Microsoft and If follow the below to the right correctly such as Word CorelDRAW? If already the as the that with the Follow through below when reach the section about choosing the the the Choose the cover while the the paperfeed prqxrly. software and
From the of LQ-300. If choose the first from the following If to choose ActionPrinter LQ-150, LQ-860, LQ-2550. The other ActionPrinter~ LQ-150 LQ LQ-2550 LQ-570+ &IO@ Choose the button. to (If necessary, the Choose the Select the If selected the as the Source. This Choose the OK lO.Highlight EPSON the .Click the software From the of choose LQ-300. If it choose the first from the following If to choose ActionPrinter other ActionPrinter LQ-150 LQ-860 LQ LQ-2550 LQ-570+ If software the LQ-300, to the software EPSON LQ-300-9 LQ-870 ActionPrinter EPSON LQ-860, LQ-2550, LQ-570+, or LQ300 (or the and LQ-150, LQ-860, LQ-2!550. The LQ-870 ActionPrinter EPSON the Loading If to the where the follow these (these instructions when the or tractor): With loaded, the the once and the Font light to flash. Press the LF/FF to feed the or the Font to the backward. (Press as as reach the To the the or from Continuous with of inches) to inches). where the tractor, as tractor or tractor. These where to the tractor: to switch and without the supply? tear off sheet-by-sheet? If the the (The with the this seethe following section. If the as tractor. If the optional tractor to the built-in tractor the the tractor the tractor, to the tear off the to to the tractor: the turned off. the and the paper-release the (C800301) EPSON LQ-300
EPSON LQ-300 Release the the the using the the as The to the right of the the back to it Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading Open~sprocketcwers.Fit~firstholesof~paper the and then the covers. the right to the and the the the the supply within of the EPSON LQ-300-10 tofeed othemise the tqof$rm To the incoming from the the holding and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the click. the to the the diamond-shaped Then the right to the the cover closed. Then the the automatically. (the three seconds) the the perforation of the to the of the that tear off the The the tear the to the perforation to the of the cover. If the and the of the the the while the light flashing. the back to the POUW light flashes. the the match,
Switching back to sheets To switch to sheets, the Font and the the the the tear off back-feeding; back-feeding too sheets the tractor To the tractor, the to the as through below. If already this the off and to the offfeature the to Turn the off; then the the paper-release to the the tractors and the tractor from the the cover. the to the mounting the top of the and as shown below. Then the the the notches Y---. LF/FF buttons tractor, the tear otherwise the Release the the the the as shown below and the using the the as The to the right of the supply within of the the that its match the of the the and the Then the to match the of the the EPSON LQ-300-11 EPSON LQ-300
EPSON LQ-300 clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and To the incoming from the the and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the it the to the the diamond-shaped the right to the the cover and the with the Turn the the perforation the head. the cover closed. Then the the automatically. If to the where the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then follow the to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to the EPSON LQ-300-12 the The optional (C832111) includes and to the Turn off the and the cover. If the Then the cover the and as shown below. the the right of the with the facing the of the to the the the the the the head to the of the the from the and then the the to the of the
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the the as shown; then both of the to the the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the should or creased. the cover. the the If the top or of the characters the from the the with the EPSON LQ-300-13 the ribbon, reduced. To switch to the ribbon, the and then the To the and the as shown below. You to the Information Reference Notices NCWS Product Technical Information Related TM-LQ300 EPSON LQ-300 Service PL-LQ300 EPSON LQ-300 EPSON LQ-*300 EPSON LQ-300