rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC United States WARNING
According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. DECLARATION of CONFORMITY EPSON of Product: P170A
to EPSON LX-300+/LX-1170 high-quality and performance Its of to The to of types, including (with and to four and High-speed of to (characters second) (characters inch). packaged with the and other software, including the EPSON Microsoft XP or NT The EPSON the of and easily. The this from LX-300+. LX-1170 than LX-300+. the the and Notes This the following to to
to to Notes information and the operation of Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the and the and through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, that the of the the to
the cleaning and with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to the following If the or If the the or the If the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: to To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or users: A-
NERGY TAR C The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. This the head to that the head the head the used. the head cool touching NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. to
information Warning: This earthed. to the rating plate and that the to the supply If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the The connected to the the with the If to the the or with of the and to The wires the to this coloured to the following and Earth
Chapter the the and Lights. Selecting built-in About the You operationssuch as feeding, feeding, and and selecting with the buttons the The lights the information the buttons and the lights the and Lights the front cover. the
and Lights Tear lights* when the tear-off otherwise, the lights the selected Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form *Font the the to the Tear The Tear lights off or to the selected the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and to the top-of-form or tear-off the the LF/FF when and released. Ejects or to the top-of-form when Loads of Ejects of sheet loaded. Loads from the backwards to the light On when the selected or when correctly. when or occurred. temporarily, and when three seconds, the To off, light On when the Flashes when the the Flashes when the head overheated.
Selecting built-in Follow these to built-in using the buttons the that the If the three seconds to the The light to flash. The three Tear lights the selection. Press the Tear repeatedly to through of the then when reach the with shown the selection from the to and pitch. The Tear directly OCR-B, Orator-S, or H. To of these first the to as the other and then Others the Tear selected the the
About The While often these through software or to from the the The following the and the options the The the instructions the the
tractor* inches: perforation On, tear off On, On, Software EPSON ESC/P, IBM LX-300+)/IBM LX-1170) High On, I/F I/F seconds, seconds BPS Parity I/F bidirectional On, Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC the
International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 CR (IBM LX-300+, IBM LX-1170)** feed second, seconds, seconds, seconds, Others On, On, IBM character Table The options the country of purchase. **These only when IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) selected. tractor This allows to the inches) perforation This when selected. On the one-inch the and the first the the from the should this top and using the On,
tear off tear off and using with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off, to the perforation to the tear-off the the Tear information. feed feed the each (CR) received with and the to the If the every You bidirectional or normally bidirectional however, allows which useful graphics. Software EPSON ESC/P the operates the EPSON EPSON ESC/P IBM LX-300+) /IBM LX-1170), the IBM The character when this turned It when this turned off. The allows to easily distinguish the and the
High choose On the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface. If connected to only or the interface the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which I/F (interface) This only when I/F (interface) to This the when from interface whether through the other interface. You seconds or seconds the interface this option to the the interface. The measured and software the Parity this option to The used, basic of and software the the
the of the interface to or and software the I/F bidirectional The interface bidirectional when this turned If bidirectional unnecessary, this off. Select to the IEEE-1284.4 If unnecessary, or this off. Character You from to character the country of purchase. information the International character You international character the character Each character characters that the country or the to CR This the IBM LX-300+)/IBM LX-1170) each feed (LF) or ESC This the to the of the the
This the amount of the the and when If the its to increase the The when the information If the to when this off. IBM character This only IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) 80H to 90H of the character the 80H to 90H characters. Follow these to the and the To the selection instructions and the instructions, or sheets of A4 or single-sheet or or of that least inches) and inches) If without optional cut-sheet to feed of each the and the turned off. the
While holding the Tear the The the and the selection instructions Follow the instructions to the the instruction the of necessary. The the Press the Tear The the instructions (three or four the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the the buttons the off the and the them off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the The the instruction the Turn off the when finished the
Continuous with the tractor. where the tractor, as tractor or tractor. The following where to the tractor: to switch and without the supply? tear off sheet-by-sheet? the the (The with the tractor this the following section. or other that the as tractor. with the tractor instructions. specifications the type of with the the tractor, to the tear off the to On About Follow these to the tractor:
the turned off. the cover and the and the paper-release the Release the the
the the the as The to the right of the the back to Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and the the
To the incoming from the the holding and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the click. Turn the the the right of the to clear and only when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form
the cover closed. Press the LF/FF to feed the to the the automatically. follow the the section to tear off printed If the first appears too high or its using the the top-of-form the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the back to the from the Follow these to the Press the Tear the Tear lights flashing. (This that the tear-off
the cover, then tear off the the tear-off of the the cover. To feed to the where the the Then the covers of the and the If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the the back to the top-of-form and
tear off the Load/Eject button. feeding Switching back to To switch to sheets, the Load/Eject the the backwards the Then, follow the Loading tear off the feeding with the tractor To the tractor, the tractor to the tractor as through this If tractor already this the turned off and to the the right of the to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form the tractor, the tear off the to otherwise, the
Turn the off; then the cover and the Next, the the and the from the Finally, the paper-release to the the tractors both and then the to it from the
the tractor to the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the the should the notches Release the the
the the or the as shown below, and the using the the as The to the right of the the that its match the of the the and the Then the right to match the of the the
clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and then To the incoming from the the and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the click. the cover and the with the Turn the the perforation the head. Then the the cover closed, with the cover the automatically. the from the or
If to the where the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then the top-of-form the section to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to the the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top-of-form Follow these the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. the turned If necessary, as this chapter. the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the
Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the cover The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form To the top-of-form the tractor, the following
the top-of-form the to the Advancing the to the tear-off If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off manually, the Tear or automatically, turning the tear-off First inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the
the tear-off (as below) to feed with backwards; they off their and the the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or feed the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these to the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off
tear-off off the the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The light to and the the Press the LF/FF to feed the backwards, or the to the forwards, the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the tear-off
the tear-off the to the Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and You single-sheet using the of the specifications the type of single-sheet single-sheet or other to the the thickness to the To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet and You the to single-sheet that the top the bound first and Loading sheets Follow these to sheets:
the turned off. that the paper-release back to the single-sheet and the the upright as shown below. the the Next, the right to match the of
of the the without other buttons. the to the the right of the only to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form of types, including and and should than inch) from of the information the of Printable
thicker-than-normal or software the within the the of these the head. the paper-thickness to the thickness Follow these to the thickness Turn the off and the cover. The paper-thickness the of the The to the the thickness the below to the thickness. type sheets or
the cover. You or single-sheet of to four the the thickness as the previous section. The following that or or only single-sheet that only the top. the first the that free of and waves. If to the software or the as the top-of-form the with the If this the type to
You the as and from the to the thickness as the paper-thickness the following Choose mounted with with tractor. as sheets, the slightly. the as ordinary with the tractor instructions. to and humidity, them operating the within the Specifications specifications.) the they around the and when To the from the tear off the fresh supply the of the then LF/FF to the of the feed backwards through the they easily off the and the If become the
You feed individually the the following the thickness to the the paper-thickness To follow the Loading sheets the of the the first, the the and the and the within the The head the or right of the or other thick Specifications specifications.) Its to using of
and Cut-sheet The optional cut-sheet (C80637 LX-300+/C80639 LX-1170) to sheets of or without reloading. Follow these to the cut-sheet the turned off. the and the cover. If the tractor the and the push-tractor the paper-release the single-sheet
the cut-sheet both and the the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Releasing the the cut-sheet
the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the the the the and to allow
of and Next, the and of the to the or the cut-sheet to sheets of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the the from the the with the cut-sheet the the the to the cut-sheet as shown below. from Release Release
the to the it the Then the right to the of You easily switch and cut-sheet operation. Switching back to of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the the properly and (C80030 LX-300+/ C80034 LX-1170) as option. You the performance of using tractors the This with and Follow these to and and tractor: the paper-release pulled to the the included the push-tractor To the from the cut-sheet both release and the the when
the the and the the LX-300+ users: the tractor with both the tractor to the mounting the top of the fits as shown below. You should the notches
LX-1170 users: the tractor with both the the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the the should the notches the of the push-tractor. Continuous Turn the the LF/FF to Release the of the and the to match the of the that the both tractors that the crooked. the covers. the of the the tractor of the and the as necessary. the covers.
If there the the and tractors, and the the right of the to the that the crooked or and the the cover and the The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with This option Follow these to and the Turn off the and the
the beneath the as shown below. the the the the of the the paper-release to the single-sheet the leading of the straight the through the of the the and the the that from the of the Then turn the to the when the the
Bring the leading of the the and the the the to the the Then the right to the (LX-300+ only) The optional (C83208 includes and Follow these to the
Turn off the and the cover and the cover the and as shown below. the the right of the with the facing the of the to the the
the the the the head to the of the then the the to the of the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the
the the as shown; then both of the to the the Turn the ribbon-tightening to feed the should twisted or creased. the and cover. the the as
If the top or of the characters the from the the the characters red. If the top the forwards. If the yellow, the backwards. Then another to this the properly the ribbon, the reduced. To switch to the ribbon, the as shown the that with the optional then the as the Ribbon Cartridge You this as the BASE TX (C82378 the interface the with this option instructions and
the Ribbon Cartridge EPSON becomes to the EPSON and to properly with EPSON They and of the head and other Other products EPSON to which covered warranties. the following EPSON LX-300+): EPSON LX-1170): EPSON LX-300+): S015073 the Follow these to or the the off. Warning: If the the head cool the
the cover to the upright then to LX-1170 users, the the and the from the that the head inches) from the Then the from the the from its
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to the the as shown; then both of the to the the
pointed such as to the the head and Turn the to the should twisted or creased. LX-1170 users, the and the cover.
Chapter the Software the with and Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the the with and NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the About the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON the EPSON (LX-300+ only) EPSON Accessing EPSON the Software
the with and You the from or from the the from apply to the the from the the apply to To and the The screen the following section from LX-300+. LX-1170 users, LX-1170 the the shots. The instructions the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the Select or from the of software. The or appears. the Software
that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the below to the To the from the to the Right-click the and Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the Click the and then to the Software
Click Right-click and The the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the section to the the four Graphics, and Utility. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to the to their Once and ready to the with software LX-300+. You the from or from the the Software
the from apply to the the from the the apply to To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the Select or from the of software. The or appears. the information about the this that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. the to the the Software
To the from the the the then the highlighted, then Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the the the Double-click the The appears. highlighted, then The appears. To to the section to the the You the (or and the of the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the Software
the You the (or and the of the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the with and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the the from the the apply to To and the The the section from LX-300+. LX-1170 users, LX-1170 the the screen shots. The instructions the While the with the that the match the Software
Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the The the following section from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Select or from the of software. The or appears. the Software
that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software
To the the top of the the below to the To the from the to the Right-click the and Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the The this from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Click the and then to Click the Software
Right-click and The displays the which the and Advanced These the the software appears, which includes to the To the the top of the the section to the the from which the and Advanced. You the the of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the with NT software NT LX-300+. You the from or from the the Software
the from apply to the the from the the apply to applications. To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and the to the the Software
Click (or to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and the to the To the from the the and highlighted, then Then Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the the the The highlighted, then and The appears. Click the then You the which includes the and the below to the Click to the Advanced which the Graphics Color, and the below to the the Software
the You the and the Advanced of the To these boxes, the previous sections the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to The following the that of The shown below. Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom or and the the that appears. Select or Landscape. Source Select the to the The higher the Graphics select, the however, increasing the If using this option only from the the Software
The shown below. Explanations Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of Intensity/ the to or (LX-300+ The when there this only) If to or the Select option from the If and increase. Turning off the to with the the the EPSON You the EPSON when this button. To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Click this to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. the this Explanations EPSON You the EPSON when this To the the the selected. the Software
Explanations Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON information, EPSON About the EPSON The EPSON that with or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional The EPSON when the as If the the or using the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as using the EPSON to the README the This the information the utility. the Software
EPSON Follow these to EPSON the as the with and or the with and NT Click the Preferences The Preferences appears. The following Select the item ON/OFF Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. Turn this to the selected the Software
Accessing EPSON To the EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the to the and follow the instruction. the then the EPSON To to the the with and or the with and NT the EPSON as the following appears. You information this the Software shared Allow of this selected, shared shared other Click the to items to the shared when this selected.
the EPSON (LX-300+ only) The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow these to the EPSON the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM At the DOS type D:\SETUP (If the other than D, D with the Then Select the and then C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to the C:\EPUTIL directory. Accessing EPSON To the EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this You the EPSON C:\PANEL the DOS and then The PRNSET and PANEL slightly. The PANEL of EPSON that the the Software
Chapter Troubleshooting the and Troubleshooting
the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If this to the section. light The from another currently the path. the selected The correctly. the Press the to the paper-release back to the and the to clear the from the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. and Continuous instructions Then the to turn off the light, necessary. Turn off the the cover, tear off the supply and the to the Troubleshooting
light back to the The head overheated. the lights unknown occurred. the flashing of (three of The once when the function Troubleshooting of ejected. the Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light, necessary. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as the the once the head cooled. Turn off the and off then the If the
and while operating You the of using the If the properly the the the software, or the interface If the or service If or to isolate the and To off the Next, the and LF/FF while the Then from The the Troubleshooting
The lights the What to The that the properly the The outlet If the outlet switch or another such as the to whether the outlet operating properly. The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned What to The of the and match. The The PAUSE light off nothing printed. What to Troubleshooting that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to
The software that the software properly. properly as the softwares The interface match the specifications of the or The light and the three What to The of the The sounds nothing printed. What to The properly. The the The the sounds and the abruptly. What to The or Turn off the and or other The the Then to overheated. If the correctly The sounds and the PAUSE light What to both of the interface the both the and specifications. Troubleshooting
occurred. Turn off the and If the PAUSE light or If there or service (If when switch and the paper-release the Troubleshooting
The or Printed characters the What to The the Ribbon Cartridge properly. The What to The the as the Ribbon Cartridge characters or graphics of the What to The head Stop and to the head replaced. What to Either there too the or the Printed characters what expected The or characters with software What to the as the Ribbon Cartridge Troubleshooting
The software that the software correctly properly instructions, Chapter the Software. The selected the What to software Troubleshooting the software.
The what expected too high or too the or the of the top of the What to software the or top-of-form incorrect. software. match the of the What to The incorrect. The the match the of the the What to One-inch sheets properly feed. the software and necessary. the About to off the About Troubleshooting
What to the the the paper-release to the single-sheet The the too to the or right the to to that there. the (and the to the or right. feeding crooked or the What to The correctly or of the type. completely. What to Press the LF/FF to the The too Troubleshooting Turn off the and the straight the the right type of the specifications Specifications that within the specified the Specifications
Continuous properly The feed the What to The paper-release that the paper-release the pulled to the If off the the and The off the to the tractor. the tractor. feeding crooked or the What to The supply the supply obstructed. or other The supply too that supply from the within of the The cover the cover. The the of the that the the of the with each other. the and their covers closed. the or thickness the The incirrect. that the and thickeness within the information the specifications. Troubleshooting
the with the The properly. What to The too Tear off the fresh supply of and the from the that within the specified Specifications switch and the sounds and the PAUSE light What to You to the paper-release while remained the Troubleshooting the to the the paper-release to the and the Then the paper-release
the cut-sheet the properly The feed. What to The cut-sheet incorrectly the The paper-release that the paper-release the back to the single-sheet You too sheets. sheets the information the and of that with the cut-sheet the head. The the the incorrect. diamond-shaped There only the or sheets What to You too sheets. sheets the information the and of that with the cut-sheet You to the of the as Cut-sheet the and Troubleshooting
The feed crooked. What to The or only clean of creased. There too the You the right type of the cut-sheet too heavy or too light. One of to What to software that the and incorrect. software correct. Troubleshooting the of and cut-sheet information the specifications.
Switching the cut-sheet and the tractor properly The type What to The paper-release the to the or the back to sheets. the with the tractor, properly feed crooked or the What to The and tractor correctly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the The caught that the the the and that the correctly. With the the properly (LX-300+ only) The lights the What to both tractors, that the both evenly. Troubleshooting
You the Follow the instructions the (LX-300+ only) The or characters printed. What to software properly The the Ribbon Cartridge properly. the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the caused or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the You the or Continuous or instructions. Troubleshooting the (or to the and as If software of the the ESC command. Command
Follow these to loaded, and the release to the Then off the Whenever turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the To the turn the while holding the LF/FF single-sheet the To the the to If the the LF/FF to the Then off the LX-300+: You should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the LX-1170: You should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the seconds, the the and the of characters printed. To temporarily the the To the the Troubleshooting
off the while the the to and the LF/FF to the off the Troubleshooting
Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these to clean the the turned off. the If tractor or optional cut-sheet to and from the outer and If the outer or or them with cloth with the cover and the top of the to from the
or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the Transporting the If to the and Follow these to the its Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the the If tractor If options them and them their boxes. to the or or the of the with the EPSON think
that the head Then the as the Ribbon Cartridge the that with the Repack the and their and them the
cover cover interface interface tractor switch paper-release thickness
Specifications Mechanical High Bidirectional and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/216-inch Printable LX-300+ LX-1170 methods: Friction (top entry) entry) or and tractor (optional) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) NLQ
inches/second) (optional, LX-300+ only): head) MTBF POH duty) and Height inches) LX-300+): 1/6-inch Ribbon head Black ribbon: (LX-300+ only): inches) inches) including the and release and
and Height inches) LX-1170): Black Black LX-300+): Black Black LX-1170): (S015073) (LX-300+ only): Acoustic (A) (ISO inches) inches) including the and release inches) inches) inches) Black characters dots/character) Black characters dots/character) characters characters characters characters dots/character)
Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE-1284 and One EIA-232D interface 8KB EPSON EPSON EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET
Character One and graphical character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (French-Canadian), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Character international character USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, Norway, II, II, America The following graphical character countries: PC PC (Eastern PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland), MJK (CSFR), ISO ISO ISO 1T PC (LST PC (Lithuanian), ISO PC LAT. PC UKR PC APTEC PC PC PC AR
to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC the the back of the the of Operation to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH and single-sheet and as follows: to C to F) Humidity: to RH that or or curled. (without to the character type)
LX-300+ and cut-sheet Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inch) to to to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inch) to to
inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to and and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to to to sheet of or bound both inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) Gathering to inch)
with optional LX-1170 and cut-sheet thickness to to inch) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to to to inches) to to inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inch) to to
Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to Continuous and and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness Printable to to inch) to to to to of or bound both
with optional inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) Width inches) Thickness to to inch) to to
Printable and LX-300+ The top inch). The and right inch) each. C The inch). LX-1170 The top inch). C The inches) and the inches). sheets than inches), the increase to match the of the C
The and right inch) each. C The inch). Continuous LX-300+ The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The inches) and the inches). sheets than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the Printable
The and right inch) each. LX-1170 The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase to match the of the
The top and The inch). the The to the of the and U. S. inch). The right inch). The inches). UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMC FCC Class CSA C108.8
Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN Australian EMC AS/NZS Class Command the EPSON ESC/P and IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) below. EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to advanced and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A, CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC O, ESC (U
motion: Font selection: Font Spacing: Character (LX-300+ only): ESC ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC I, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC ESC (B ESC
IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) This the IBM using the commands below. information, the IBM LX-300+)/IBM LX-1170) reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP Character ESC ESC ESC [T, ESC ESC
Download: ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC ESC ESC ESC
Contacting Customer If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with
users North America If purchased the United States or EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following To directly to technical (U.S.), or AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as brochures and and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON E-MAIL Technical To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as Automated Telephone of services Services hours To these services, tone telephone and
of the other software the that software technical information. You purchase and from EPSON or (U.S. only). please users the United and the of Ireland of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to Chat directly with Technical
Telephone UK The of Ireland and Nearest Telephone: UK The of Ireland UK The of Ireland the East of these services English only. Select country from of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to
Chat directly with Technical Technical and Telephone Telephone: and Nearest Select country from users of these services English only. Select country from of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to Chat directly with
Technical Telephone Norway and Nearest Norway users South Africa of these services English only. Telephone: Telephone: Telephone: Telephone:
of and warranty services including: to the EPSON software to Interactive based to Chat directly with technician Technical Telephone Telephone: or and Nearest Telephone: or EPSON wishes to with high of service. to the following information:
Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to URL Access the EPSON World Worth the The EPSON information and technical EPSON Service EPSON service the specifications EPSON products offered and the through of choices the information to EPSON EPSON as to to the and operating EPSON EPSON products and where the or service located. of The
to the information hand when The information the the This information includes EPSON type of operating and information users Sources of information, and services from World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical (Phone: with the following the and information Product or service and warranty users Thailand information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), and
with the following the and information Product or service and warranty information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through and information Technical
EPSON Phone/Fax: Phone/Fax: Natour To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to
of EPSON World (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: users information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through BBS: Phone:
(M) SDN. BHD Head Office. and information (Infoline) services warranty, and technical users information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), Products and Technical Phone:
Head Office Phone: Offices: City and
users the To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Corporation the telephone and and below: World Information specifications, Frequently (FAQ), and with the following the and information Product or service and warranty
ASCII American Information assigning to and this selected the each (CR) (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases the reduce Bidirectional this The of the memory to printed. character of numbers, and that the of characters characters inch of the of text characters. that both perforated and to function such as or feed. characters inch that when the or initialized. dithering of to or
of which each or of The when as the The character high ESC/P EPSON This the of commands to It EPSON and software computers. ESC/P The of the ESC/P command Commands this such as and graphics. of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top-of-form troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that and ASCII characters. high of the High of character to high-speed and (LQ) interface The the and the which to the
(LQ) The when other than selected. with readability and appearance reduced and high (LF) and that the The to which the loaded. The that the The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands from the the functions of To to its of the amount of that represented. of measured of inch the of the the the the characters its ROM Only Memory). tear off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the top-of-form tear-off The the the to when the tear-off the function, the that the perforation the tear-off top-of-form The the that the as the first This the top-margin
which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows You the bidirectional