Cindy Sign-off: A5 cover REV.E Edge switch The the the LX-300 and Graphics of Corporation. Tractor Lights LF/FF Font Paper-release Paper-feed cover head Paper-thickness Light
A5 Sign-off: REV.E EPSON LX-300 rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and ESC/P of Corporation. service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation
A5 REV.E FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of WARNING
America and service through nationwide of authorized and Service the following services through the SM Assistance locating Authorized or Service Technical with the installation, and of products of the ESC/P Reference technical information service Product with technical and products of ribbons, and Customer Relations A5 REV.E Where to United States
A5 REV.E United the with their and of merchantable and their or with This the or the rights of the the including Sections to of the of Act, Products, other than OEM products, operation or performance of ONE YEAR from of purchase the of the this MUST of purchase, normally the of and the responsibility of the to furnish such (UK) or of the the to the from whom purchased or, this to who the the of difficulty, to the Service (UK) Limited. (UK) Limited, or Appointed Distributors, their or or of the to their satisfactory performance of the with its age and This covers the of both the and to malfunction of the specifically wear and tear, physical to incorrect or and or operation to unauthorized and inexpert
The restricted to the performance of the and (UK) responsibility or or performance, when the with other or software. Product as of or or the specifications or the subjected to The to the or the or of the of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products (UK) Limited. information Warning This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The the to this coloured with the following and Earth the of the wires the of this with the coloured the terminals as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or with the earth or coloured or and yellow. A5 REV.E
A5 REV.E The connected to the the with the or coloured The connected to the the with the or white. If to the the or only with of the and
A5 Introduction Sign-off: REV.E Introduction offers these features: High-speed to characters operation. the of Three and three lights fingertip-access to built-in interfaces: and EIA-232D and tractor. with ease and sheets without the supply. Compact This fits neatly or office. to or IBM with the following options: (C83208 to switching to Tractor (C80030 and the with the the tractor Introduction
A5 Introduction REV.E -inch or and This option countries. Cut-sheet (C80637 to of single-sheet automatically. Around This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter to and the to to this chapter first. Chapter includes information to the to and to Chapter offers If what or the properly, The covers the specifications and commands. the back of the information topics and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of Introduction
Instructions of these instructions Follow and instructions the this from the outlet clean cloth cleaning and or cleaners. or the or other that allow the to or the These the to operation and protection from overheating. the or other the Also, the built-in installation, such as bookcase, the or or heat the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with third (grounding) which fits grounding-type This If to the the the of the grounding-type where the A5 Introduction REV.E Introduction
A5 Introduction REV.E If cord, that the of the the products the the cords Also, that the of products the outlet of as they or that of fire or shock. as specifically the to the yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and repaired service the following A. the or or B. If C. If to or D. If normally when the operating instructions followed. those that covered the operating instructions of other and often to the to operation. E. If or the F. If performance, indicating service. Introduction
Cindy Sign-off: Chapter the the Choosing the Assembling the the the the the the Connecting the to the interface the interface Software Microsoft and software A5 Chapter REV.E the
A5 Chapter REV.E the should include these items. Printout Ribbon locations, the attached to the There of this and it to the If the the back of the the country, the Paper-feed BB1-01 BB1-02 BB1-03 BB1-04 BB1-05 BB1-05a
Choosing the selecting to choose location that the following: around the to allow easy operation and enough to the the to reach. the where easily the cord. Select cool, and from sunlight, heat, or grounded outlets or switches; interruption the information or memory. If the follow these that least that the enough clearance below the and the flows smoothly. they with feeding; them to of the A5 REV.E the
A5 Chapter REV.E Assembling the Follow the this section to and the The first assembling the the the the the and the the fits the the BB1-06
Attaching the You should the the the of the and the the notches the the other the the the the A5 Chapter REV.E the BB1-07
A5 Chapter REV.E the to the upright then to Warning: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool the head to the of the the BB1-08 BB1-09
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to the the as shown; then both of the to the the A5 Chapter REV.E the BB1-10 BB1-11
A5 Chapter REV.E pointed such as to the the head and Turn the to feed the should twisted or creased. the head from to to smoothly. and the cover. the becomes to the To the first the head to the of the Then the the the and of the the BB1-12
the the switch the turned off. It off when the of the switch the the of the to the the matches that of If the attached to the to the AC the the properly grounded A5 Chapter REV.E If the rated and outlet match, the cord. the BB1-13
A5 Chapter REV.E the The built-in function that the properly. You the with or sheets; this section the with sheets. the turned off and the paper-release back to the single-sheet the upright. You should least or inches to the otherwise, the head directly the the BB1-14
While holding the LF/FF turn the The PAUSE light flashes. the the Next, the right to match the of A5 Chapter REV.E the BB1-15 BB1-16
A5 Chapter REV.E of the The the automatically. Press the PAUSE then the to the cover while the The cover the feed. To temporarily, the PAUSE To the the Press LF/FF to the then off the of typical If the satisfactorily, Chapter If correctly, to the section. the BB1-17 BB1-18
Connecting the to includes both interface and EIA-232D interface. the upright, as shown below. (This to the to the interface as below. You to both interfaces; the switches to the interface when the interface You shielded, twisted-pair than to the interface. A5 REV.E the BB1-19
A5 REV.E Turn off both the and the the securely the interface. the together they of the the interface through the the of the that the supply as shown the If there ground the of the to the ground the right of the interface. the other of the the interface. (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the BB1-20
the interface Turn off both the and the the securely the interface. Tighten the screws of the If there ground the of the to the ground to the right of the interface. A5 Chapter REV.E the BB1-21 BB1-22
A5 Chapter REV.E the interface through the the of the that the supply. the other of the the interface; then the screws of the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the to the length, or ETX/ACK necessary. the Chapter Software software specify the type of that of the features. software or section that of the BB1-23
Microsoft and If follow the below to the right correctly such as Word and CorelDRAW. If already the as the that with the Follow through below when reach the section about choosing the the the Choose the From the of LX-300 If LX-300 JX-80 to or LX-810, LX-850, or LX-800 to Choose the to If necessary, the required. Choose the Select the Choose the OK Highlight LX-300 (or the and the Click the A5 Chapter REV.E the
A5 Chapter REV.E software the type of that the of the features. or that of To of features, choose LX-300 from the of If the LX-300 listed, choose the first from the following If to choose LX-300, JX-80, or EX-800. The other LX-810/850 JX-80 LX-800 EX-800 LX-80/86 FX FX-850 If software the LX-300, to the software the
Ito Sign-off: Chapter the the Lights and Selecting Loading sheets the Continuous with the tractor Switching back to sheets with the the paper-thickness the and Cut-sheet Tractor A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F the You operationssuch as feeding, feeding, and ejecting and selecting fontswith the buttons the The lights the and the Lights and PAUSE light The PAUSE light when the Each turn the the light flashes and the sounds four the of the light flashes and the sounds three The light flashes when tear off the the of the cover. The PAUSE light and the sounds FONT and FONT lights The FONT lights, and the about selecting FONT Press the FONT operation to through the the the the FONT lights to selection. about choosing the LF/FF Font BB2-01
If the FONT while the the where of the about LF/FF operation, this to to or to to the top-of-form You LF/FF to If to the correctly, this to the To the the LF/FF while the instructions, PAUSE Press the PAUSE to the temporarily or the Press to activity. PAPER PARK Press the FONT and LF/FF buttons together to to the with the tractor. MICRO ADJUST or to the the A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F Selecting To choose of the four internal the the FONT The lights and off to the selection. Press the repeatedly to through of the then when reach the selection or off the choices with software selection. The below shows the FONT lights appear each selection. Font (NLQ) (NLQ) off the Font FONT Lights BB2-02 BB2-03
You the to with of inches) to inches). You optional cut-sheet to to sheets automatically. Loading sheets You as shown the the without other buttons. the to the the right of the to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form the If to the where the follow these (these instructions when the or tractor): With loaded, the PAUSE the once and the FONT lights to flash. Press the LF/FF to feed the or the FONT to the backward. (Press as as reach the To the the PAUSE or from A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F the sheets, that the the first of correctly, then too the or that the from the This because sheet slightly from Its easy to the that the right of the software as below. software normally what choose the Chapter instructions. option that to the If using 11-inch the to To the right that software top and to and then of numbered from to the the first This If the top or increasing the or both, the You the 11-inch the to inches. whether or choose sheets. the
with of inches) to inches). where the tractor, as tractor or tractor. These where to the tractor: to switch and without the supply? tear off sheet-by-sheet? the the (The with the this the following section. or other that the tractor as tractor. instructions. with the tractor the tractor, to the tear off the to the to using the tractor: the turned off. the and the paper-release the A5 REV.F the BB2-04
A5 Chapter REV.F Release the the the using the the as The to the right of the the back to Then the right to match the of the the the BB2-05 BB2-06
clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and the the the the right of the only to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form To the incoming from the the holding and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the click. A5 Chapter REV.F the BB2-07 BB2-08
A5 Chapter REV.F the to the the Then the right to the Turn the the cover closed. Press the LF/FF to the to the the automatically. (the three seconds) the the perforation of the to the of the cover that tear off the The PAUSE light flashes. the tear off the to the feed the perforation to the of the cover. If the perforation and the of the cover match, the following the the while the PAUSE light flashing. the BB2-08a
the back to the If to the where the follow the to the Switching back to sheets To switch to sheets, the FONT and LF/FF buttons the the the the Then, follow the Loading tear off back-feeding; back-feeding too sheets with the tractor To using the tractor, the to the tractor as through below. If tractor already this the off and to the the right of the only to clear and only when the off. the or to the top-of-form using the tractor, the tear off the to off; otherwise the Turn the off; then the the paper-release to the as shown the A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F the tractors and the tractor from the the cover. the to the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the the should the notches the BB2-09 BB2-10
Release the the the the as shown below and the using the the as The to the right of the A5 REV.F the BB2-11 BB2-12
A5 Chapter REV.F the that its match the of the the and the Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and the BB2-13 BB2-14
To the from the the and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the click. the to the the the right to the the cover and the with the Turn the the perforation the head. Then the the cover closed. the automatically. If to the where the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then follow the to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to feed the to sheets and of types, including and to the thickness thicker-than-normal or software the within the the of these the head. A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 REV.F and should than inch or from of the information the of the the paper-thickness The paper-thickness the It factory-set office to the Turn the off and the cover. The paper-thickness the of the The to the the thickness the should to the below to the thickness. type sheets or 2-sheet to the BB2-15
the cover. the paper-thickness back to You the built-in to of to three the the thickness as the previous section. These with the tractor only, the cut-sheet or instructions, that and that free of and waves. or If to the software or the as the with the If this the You the tractor as to these Choose mounted with with tractor. as sheets, the You the that the thickness should to instructions. A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 REV.F to and them operating the within the the specifications.) Dont the they around the and when To the from the tear off the fresh supply the of the then LF/FF to the of the through the they easily off the and the If become the You individually using the the thickness to or To follow the the the of the the first, the the and the only and the within the The head the or right of the or other thick the specifications.) Its to of the the
the that such as the and character These each the they the factory to the of users, to them. A-9. software the software to the software information. If software to the the least inches) sheets or inches) otherwise the head directly the enough sheets of because the of Turn off the the correctly. A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F the FONT while the If sheets, of The the and of from which choose. You instructions English, or Spanish, as shown Table below. Table FONT Lights English French flashing, off To choose the FONT repeatedly the FONT lights match selection. to choose Spanish, the FONT FONT and FONT flashing. Press the LF/FF to the The the the of choice, and then Press the FONT to that through the operations. (Once with the this LF/FF instead.) The instructions include that of the and the lights appear each selection. finished, to At this Table B. Press the FONT to through the B, and the lights to the
Table FONT FONT PAUSE to light light light Character C Shape of Character feed Table tear off Table Tractor Interface Table Parity ETX/ACK Table Software Table Table flashing, off to the Interface FONT FONT FONT flashing, and the PAUSE light The once each the FONT while B. reach the that to the PAUSE once. The that choose Interface and then PAUSE Table K. A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F the instructions. Press the FONT to through the the The each the FONT while the lights match the PAUSE to selection. The the and to Table B. through each to change, or to to the finished, the off. them This section the the Character the characters inch characters inch. Shape of The the character with when the or when the off. turn this the the perforations of 1-inch the printed and the first the software their top and should this them. This single-sheet the
Character Character the characters and the characters. feed the each (CR) (LF) If text unexpectedly double-spaced, this to off. If text top of each other, to This option only when with the tractor. You the to or inches. tear off with the tractor, this the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the to the top-of-form and of the the tractor to this to off. Tractor the as or tractor, this option to If optional and both tractors as tractor, to Interface this to the switches to the active interface the of the (when from the selected interface specified amount of seconds or seconds). You specify the interface or the interface. A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F length, and ETX/ACK These options when the interface to the Software You the of commands the ESC/P, the operates as EPSON ESC/P IBM the IBM each feed (LF) or ESC (CR) The the to the when the LF or ESC this off, the CR the to the to the This IBM only. and Cut-sheet The optional (C80637 to of or without reloading. Follow these to the the turned off. the If the tractor the and the push-tractor the the single-sheet the
the cut-sheet both and the the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Releasing the the cut-sheet the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the A5 Chapter REV.F the BB2-16 BB2-17
A5 Chapter REV.F the the the and to allow of and Next, the and of the to the or the cut-sheet to sheets of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the the from the the with the cut-sheet the the the BB2-18
the to the cut-sheet as shown below. from Release the cover. the the the cover. the to the the Then the right to the A5 Chapter REV.F Release the BB2-19 BB2-19a
A5 Chapter REV.F To the from the cut-sheet both release and the You easily switch and cut-sheet operation. Switching back to sheets Chapter of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the feed the properly and Tractor (C80030 as option. You the performance of tractors the This with and tractors, Tractor the to information. the paper-release pulled to the the built-in the push-tractor the optional tractor the pull-tractor the of the push-tractor. Turn the the LF/FF to Release the of the and the to match the of the that the both the tractors that the crooked. the
the covers. the of the the of the and the as necessary. Continuous the covers. If there the the and tractors, the the right of the to the that the crooked or and the the cover and the The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with To the follow the below. This option countries. Turn off the and the A5 Chapter REV.F the
A5 Chapter REV.F the beneath the as shown below. the the the the of the the paper-release to the single-sheet to the when the the the leading of the straight the through the of the the and the the that from the of the Then the Bring the leading of the the and the the BB2-20 BB2-21
the the to the the Then the right to the The optional (C83208 includes and to the Turn off the and the cover. the cover the and as shown below. A5 REV.F the BB2-22 BB2-23
A5 Chapter REV.F the the right hand of the with the facing the of the to the the the the the the head to the of the then the the to the of the the BB2-24 BB2-25
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon. the the as shown; then both of the to the the Turn the ribbon-tightening to the should twisted or creased. the cover. A5 Chapter REV.F the BB2-26 BB2-27
A5 Chapter REV.F the the as shown If the top or of the characters the from the the the characters red. If the top the If the yellow, the backward. Then another to this the properly the ribbon, the reduced. To switch to the ribbon, the as shown the that with the then the as shown You to the the BB2-28
Cindy Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting and The The or characters or graphics Printed characters what expected The what expected properly Continuous properly the cut-sheet the properly Switching the cut-sheet and the tractor properly the with the tractor, feed properly With properly A5 Chapter REV.E Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter REV.E and while operating You the operation of the the If the properly the the the software, or the interface If the or service If user or to isolate the and To off the Next, the LF/FF and FONT buttons while the Then from The the The lights the that the properly the If the outlet switch or another such as the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. Troubleshooting
The lights and then off. The lights off when the that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to The The PAUSE light off nothing printed. that the software properly as the softwares both of the interface the both the and specifications. The PAUSE light flashing and the three The of the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. The the A5 REV.E Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter REV.E The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other the cool. Then to If the correctly The sounds and the PAUSE light occurred. Turn off the and If the PAUSE light or If there or service (If when switch sheets and the paper-release the The or Printed characters the The properly. The The the as characters or graphics of the The head Stop and to the head replaced. Troubleshooting
Either there too the or the the as Printed characters what expected The or characters with software that the software correctly instructions, The selected the software the software The what expected too high or too the or the of the top of the the Also, to the to to the the only. the match the of the the software and necessary. A5 Chapter REV.E Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter REV.E If using the the the the One-inch to off the the properly feed. Continuous the the the paper-release to the single-sheet the to the feeding crooked or the Turn off the and the straight the the right type of the specifications the the cover closed. completely. the LF/FF to the the cover closed. Troubleshooting
The too that within the specified the specifications the properly The the that the paper-release pulled to the If off the the and The off the tractor. the to the tractor. feeding crooked or the The of supply from feeding straight. the supply obstructed. that supply within of the the cover closed. the correct. the the diamond-shaped that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the and thickness within the specified the specifications the the with the If this the to the A5 Chapter REV.E Troubleshooting
A5 REV.E The properly. The too Tear off the fresh supply of and the from the that within the specified the switch sheets and the sounds and the PAUSE light You to the paper-release while remained the the paper-release to the and the Then the paper-release the cut-sheet the properly The feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly the as the paper-release back to the single-sheet You too sheets the cut-sheet the head. the correct. the the diamond-shaped There the Troubleshooting
or feed You too sheets the cut-sheet You to the of the the and The crooked. The or creased. only sheets of There too the that the correctly and that the and the specifications. One of to that the and software correct. the Switching the cut-sheet and the tractor properly The type The paper-release the the to or the back to A5 Chapter REV.E Troubleshooting
A5 Chapter REV.E the tractor with the tractor, properly feed crooked or the The tractor and tractor correctly. both tractors, that the both evenly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the The caught the that the the and that the correctly. With properly The lights the the the Follow the instructions The or characters printed. software properly the (or to the and as needed.If software of the using the ESC command. the Command Summary the The properly. Chapter Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications A-2 A-2 A-3 Mechanical A-6 A-6 A-7 A-7 Interface Specifications A-7 interface specifications A-7 specifications A-8 A-9 Command Summary A-10 commands A-10 the summary A-10 A-11 A-11 motion A-11 motion A-12 A-13 and character A-13 A-13 Word A-14 Character A-14 characters A-15 A-16 Graphics A-16 A5 REV.E A-1
A5 REV.E Specifications characters/second characters/second NLQ, characters/second characters/second Bidirectional Unidirectional graphics, NLQ and spacing: inch, inch, or of inch. 1/6-inch inches/second feed with Printable characters characters characters characters Approximately 4KB Download memory: Memory capacity NLQ and characters Character NLQ NLQ Character One and graphics character Other countries One and graphics character Character international character (optional): Ribbon and A-2
sheets (CSF): Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Thickness: to to inches) to to only and insertion): Width: to to inches) Length: to to inches) Thickness: to to inches) to to only and Continuous Width: to to inches) Three Thickness: to to inches) to to to to or three-part with the tractor. the to the using the tractor, the the the off the tractor. only. If or increase, higher of A5 REV.E A-3
A5 REV.E to to inches) inches) Thickness: to to inches) sheet to to inches) only type and them with the tractor. and inches) inches) Thickness: to to inches) to to and (optionalnot countries) Width: to to inches) to inches) Thickness: to to inches) to to A-4
and The top inches). The inches). The right inches). However, the inches). C The inches). Continuous The top and and below the perforation inches). The and right inches). The inches). A5 REV.E C BBA-02 C A-5 BBA-01
A5 REV.E Mechanical Paper-feed methods: Friction tractor (with optional tractor tractor (C80030 Cut-sheet (option C80637 (option Ribbon: Black dots/character: characters (S015073) dots/character: characters characters characters MTBF: hours head life: and Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated Rated AC AC to Rated to to Rated A-6
Approx. Operation to 35C to 95F) to 55C to 131F) Humidity: to without to without US UL1950 with D3, CSA22.2 with D3 EN (TV, SEMKO, DEMKO, NEMKO, SETI) RFI: US FCC (VDE EN (CISPR Class Interface Specifications with EIA-232D interface and interface. The switches to the interface when interface specifications The interface the following characteristics. Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or A5 REV.E A-7
A5 REV.E interface The interface the following characteristics. Word length: or Parity or or (receiving) Synchronization: Asynchronous DTR XON/XOFF ETX/ACK Parity or Connector: EIA D-SUB, assignments The following the assignments and their respective interface Direction Protective Ground (FG) chassis ground Transmitted (TXD/SD) transmitted (RXD/RD) received to (RTS/RS) Clear to (CTS/CS) Ground (SG) Connected to Ready when the ready (DTR/ER) to and when the A-8
The below the that from the options the factory that when the factory country). To the Chapter Function Character of (with inch On, Character US USA Italic, Italic, Italic, UK Italic, Italic, Italic, Italic, Italic, PC437, BRASCII, On, inches tear off On, Tractor Interface I/F I/F I/F I/F ETX/ACK Software ESC/P, IBM On, A5 REV.E other USA Italic, Italic, Italic, UK Italic, Italic, Italic, Italic, Spain Italic, PC437, ISO 1T, ISO MJK, A-9
A5 REV.E Command Summary commands actions software. Software commands the to typeface, the amount each the and The commands this summary. software these commands yourself. commands the software software the while others type ASCII characters. commands software to the command. The software should the and the summary The following section and the commands topic. If command If they explained. The indicated lowercase usually The below the indicated. ESC with ESC that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of further information about commands, the ESC/P Reference published A-10
ASCII Hex. ESC DC1 Select DC3 ESC Turn On/Off ESC 3C Select Unidirectional ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Detection ESC Detection BEL ASCII Hex. CR 0D CAN DEL 7F Character motion ASCII Hex. FF 0C ESC C of ESC C of inches ESC 4E of ESC 4F LF 0A ESC Select 1/8-inch Spacing ESC Select 7/72-inch Spacing ESC Select 1/6-inch Spacing ESC Select /216-inch Spacing ESC Select /72-inch Spacing A5 REV.E A-11
A5 REV.E ASCII Hex. ESC 4A /216-inch VT 0B Vertically ESC to should ESC The selects the which ESC 2F Select motion ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin ESC Right Margin Right BS Backspace ESC or ESC ESC of to ESC of to HT ESC to should A-12
ASCII Hex. ESC Select NLQ or NLQ ESC 6B Select NLQ Font ESC To the of together the of the to from the below: Double-Width Emphasized and character ASCII Hex. ESC Select ESC 4D Select SI 0F Select ESC SI 0F Select DC2 SO 0E Double-Width ESC SO 0E Select Double-Width DC4 Double-Width ESC Turn Double-Width On/Off ASCII Hex. ESC Select Emphasized ESC Emphasized ESC Select ESC A5 REV.E A-13
A5 REV.E ASCII Hex. ESC S0 Select ESC S1 Select ESC ESC4 Select ESC ESC 2D Turn On/Off Word ASCII Hex. ESC NLQ Justification Right ESC Select Character Selects character assigned ESC or only Character ASCII Hex. ESC Assign Character ESC Assign character with and to or A-14
Table PC PC (USA) PC PC USSR GOST PC PC (Icelandic)* PC BRASCII PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland)* PC MJK (CSFR)* PC (Canadian-French) ISO PC (Nordic) ISO 1T PC (East PC only North/South American ASCII Hex. ESC Select International Character USA Norway U.K. II II America ESC Printable ESC characters ASCII Hex. ESC Characters ESC 3A Copy ROM RAM A5 REV.E A-15
A5 REV.E ASCII Hex. ESC Select Normal ASCII Hex. ESC Select The selects the to the below. Black Graphics ASCII Hex. ESC 4B Select Graphics ESC 4C Select Graphics ESC Select High-Speed Graphics ESC 5A Select Graphics ESC 2A Select Graphics ESC 3F Reassign Graphics ESC 5E Select Graphics A-16
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. Phone: EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. February