and Lights Tear lights** when the tear-off otherwise, the lights the selected Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form the three seconds, the the this the LF/FF and buttons to the top-of-form or tear-off Chapter the **Font the the to the Tear The Tear lights off or to the selected LF/FF when and released. Ejects or to the top-of-form when of Ejects of loaded. from the backwards to the light On when the selected or when correctly. Flashes when or occurred. temporarily, and when three seconds, the To off, light On when the Flashes when the the Flashes when the head overheated.
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC United States WARNING
According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. DECLARATION of CONFORMITY EPSON of Product: P170A
to EPSON LX-300+/LX-1170 high-quality and performance Its features of to The to of types, including (with and to four sheets, and High-speed of to (characters second) (characters inch). with the and other software, including the EPSON Microsoft or NT The EPSON the of and easily. The this from LX-300+. LX-1170 than LX-300+. the the and Notes This the following to to to to
Notes information and the of Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the and the and through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded using outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, that the of the the the cleaning and with of cloth only. the to
as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to the following If the or If the If the or the If the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. with this Turn off the and it with this If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or users: A- to
Head NERGY TAR C The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. to This the head to that the head the head the used. the head cool touching NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
information Warning: This earthed. to the rating plate and that the to the supply If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the The connected to the the with the If to the the or only with of the and The wires the to this coloured to the following and Earth to
to
Chapter the the Choosing the Assembling the the Attaching the the or the the Connecting the to the interface the interface the Software. the software or NT the software or NT DOS the
Unpacking the the items shown the below, the should include EPSON software CD-ROM and Notice that everything included the the permanently attached to the Also, the of the the country of purchase; the the right location. There of the and to the with another If the the back of the the country, the
You protective around and and the Follow the the Notice with the to these and protective to the the It should its Choosing the Follow the below when selecting location the The properly or the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and or the to and from sunlight, light, heat or or to and the outlet where easily the cord. French-speaking users: fiche the
outlets switches or timers. information the memory of or Also outlets the as or other that fluctuations. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded If to follow these that least that the The should and interface they with feeding. If the to of the the
Assembling the This section with information to and the of this the of the the The first assembling the the Follow these to the the the the and the the fits the the
Attaching the You should the the Follow these to the the the and then fits of the and the the notches the the
another and the the notches of the other the another and the the notches the the
the other the Follow these to the the switch the turned off. It off when the the the back of the to the the matches that of If the attached to the to the AC the the properly grounded the of the switch If the rated the and outlet match, the cord.
or the the that the Follow these to or the the off. the to the upright then to LX-1170 users, the the and the from the the
that the head inches) from the If it the and then, off the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to from the to the
the the as shown; then both of the to the the such as to the the head and Turn the to the should or creased. the
LX-1170 users, the and the cover. becomes to the To the first the head inches) from the Then the the both and of the the the built-in function to that the properly. You the with or sheets. The below the using sheets, which the Follow these to the the turned off. that the paper-release back to the single-sheet and the the upright as shown below. the
While holding the LF/FF the the it the Next, the right to match the of LX-300+: You should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the LX-1170: You should least inches) to the otherwise, the head directly the the
of the The the and the To temporarily, the PAUSE To the the Press LF/FF to the then off the of typical If the satisfactorily, Chapter Troubleshooting. If correctly, to the section. the
Connecting the to includes both interface and EIA-232D interface. the upright, as shown below. (This to the to the interface as below. You to both interfaces; the switches to the interface when the interface You shielded, twisted-pair than to the interface. Follow these to the to the the interface: Turn off both the and the the
the securely the interface the together they both of the the other of the the interface (If there ground the of the it to the ground the back of the the If there ground the of the to the ground located to the right of the
the interface You that DB-25 the to the interface. Follow these to the to the the interface: Turn off both the and the the securely the interface the screws both of the the
the other of the the interface and then the screws both of the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the to the or necessary. About the If there ground the of the to the ground located to the right of the interface
the Software the to to the software included the EPSON software CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The the software that or With such as quality, and EPSON or NT The EPSON of and displays information. EPSON DOS-based (LX-300+ only) The EPSON allows to easily the from the the EPSON (LX-300+ only) To the software, the software or NT or the software or NT If DOS, DOS software and NT LX-300+. If to LX-1170 those operating the
the software or NT Follow these to the software or NT the software or NT If information. If to of the software CD-ROM, the CD and the EPSETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the on-screen instructions. If using the of the EPSON software, of the EPSON software or If the New or other appears when and follow the below. If the Not Found appears, If the as below. or NT and the off. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The appears. (If the the Double-click the and then the the
Click to the software installation. Select from the then follow the instructions the the or NT the EPSON information and the software, the Software. the software or NT Follow these to the software or NT software and NT only LX-300+. If to LX-1170 those operating the software NT If information. and the the software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM (If of software the the
Choose from the The appears. the Command type D:SETUP (If CD-ROM other than D, or using D with the Then OK The copying the software the OK to the The selects the LX-300+ as the applications. information and the software, Chapter the Software. the If to of the software CD-ROM, type EPSETUP instead of SETUP the that appears, the creation and follow the instructions.
DOS To the from DOS to the using or another from the of Choose the EPSON LX-300+/LX-1170 the the or of DOS If the include the LX-300+/LX-1170 choose the first from this LX-300+. If to choose LX-300+, LX-300, JX-80, or EX-800. The other LX-1170 If the software to LX-300 LX-810/850 LX-80/86 FX-850 FX-1180 FX-1170 FX-1050 FX-1000 FX-105 JX-80 EX-800 FX EPSON FX-100+ FX-100 FX EPSON the
the
Chapter the the Selecting built-in About Continuous with the from the Switching back to sheets with the the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off Loading the paper-thickness and Cut-sheet (LX-300+ only) the
the You operationssuch as feeding, feeding, and and selecting with the the The lights the information the buttons and the lights the and Lights the front cover. Selecting built-in Follow these to built-in the buttons the that the If the three seconds to the The light to flash. The three Tear lights the selection. Press the Tear repeatedly to through of the selections; then when reach the with shown the selection the usually from the to and pitch. The Tear directly OCR-B, Orator-S, or H. To of these first the to as the other and then Others using the Tear button. selected the
About The While often these functions through software or to from the using the The following the and the options the The the instructions the The options the country of purchase. These when IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) selected. tractor* inches: perforation On, tear off On, On, Software EPSON ESC/P, IBM LX-300+)/IBM LX-1170) High On, I/F I/F seconds, seconds BPS Parity the
I/F bidirectional On, Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, Spain1 CR (IBM LX-300+, IBM LX-1170)** second, seconds, seconds, seconds, Others On, On, IBM character Table Table The options the country of purchase. These when IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) selected. the other Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, PC ISO PC LAT, PC UKR, PC APTEC, PC PC PC AR864, PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC On,
tractor This allows to the inches) perforation This when selected. On the one-inch the and the first the the from the should this top and tear off tear off and with the tractor, the the perforation to the tear-off where easily tear off the the the the back to the top-of-form and of the tear off off, to the perforation to the tear-off the the Tear information. feed the each (CR) received with feed and the to the If the every return, the
You bidirectional or normally bidirectional however, allows which graphics. Software EPSON ESC/P the operates the EPSON EPSON ESC/P IBM LX-300+) /IBM LX-1170), the IBM The character when this turned It when this off. The allows to easily distinguish the and High choose On the to (characters second) (characters inch). choose the to I/F (interface) The with built-in interface and interface. If connected to or the the interface If connected to computers, to allow the to switch interfaces which the
I/F (interface) This when I/F (interface) to This the when from whether through the other interface. You specify seconds or seconds the interface this option to the the interface. The measured and software the Parity this option to The used, of and software the the of the interface to or and software the I/F bidirectional The interface bidirectional when this turned If bidirectional this off. Select to the IEEE-1284.4 If or this off. the
Character You from to character the country of purchase. Character A-7 information the International character You character the character Each character characters that the country or the to CR This only the IBM LX-300+)/IBM LX-1170) each feed (LF) or ESC This the to the of the This the amount of the the and when If the its to increase the The when the Indicators information If the to when this off. the
IBM character This IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) 80H to 90H of the character the 80H to 90H characters. Follow these to the and the To the selection instructions and the instructions, or sheets of A4 or single-sheet or or of that least inches) and inches) If sheets without optional cut-sheet to feed of each the and the turned off. While holding the Tear the The the and the selection instructions Follow the instructions to the the instruction the of necessary. The the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the the
Press the Tear The the instructions (three or four the selected. The instructions the to them, and the lights Follow these instructions to the using the buttons the off the and the them with the tractor. where the tractor, as tractor or tractor. The following where to the tractor: to switch sheets and without the supply? tear off sheet-by-sheet? the the tractor (The with the tractor this the following section. the The arrows the instruction the Turn off the when finished
or other that the tractor as tractor. with the tractor instructions. specifications the type of A-8. with the tractor using the tractor, to the tear off the to On About Follow these to using the tractor: the turned off. the cover and the and the paper-release the the
Release the the the the the as The to the right of the the back to Then the right to match the of the the the
clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and the the the the right of the to clear and only when the turned off. the or to the top-of-form the
To the incoming from the the holding it and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the click. Turn the the cover closed. Press the LF/FF to feed the to the the automatically. follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or its using the the top-of-form the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the back to the the
Removing from the tractor Follow these to the Press the Tear button. the Tear lights flashing. (This that the tear-off the cover, then tear off the using the tear-off of the If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off using the the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off the
the cover. To to the where the the Then the covers of the and the tear off the feeding Switching back to To switch to sheets, the the the backwards the Then, follow the Loading tear off the feeding with the To using the tractor, the to the as through this If tractor already this the turned off and to the the the back to the top-of-form and
the the right of the to clear and when the off. the or to the top-of-form Turn the off; then the cover and the Next, the the and the from the Finally, the paper-release to the using the tractor, the tear off the to otherwise, the the
the tractors both and then the to from the the to the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the tractor the should the notches the
Release the the the the or the as shown below, and the using the the as The to the right of the the
the that its match the of the the and the Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and then the
To the from the the and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the click. the cover and the with the Turn the the perforation the head. Then the the cover closed, with the cover the automatically. If to the where the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then the top-of-form the section to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to feed the gently the from the or the
the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or the the to the top-of-form Follow these the to the top-of-form this the or it to the top-of-form top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. the turned If necessary, as this chapter. the cover. the about three seconds. The light flashing and the the the
Press the LF/FF cover to the top-of-form the or the to the top-of-form the The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form To the top-of-form the tractor, the following the
the top-of-form the to the Advancing the to the tear-off If the tractor, the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form that the normally below, the tear-off manually, the Tear or automatically, turning the tear-off the tear-off (as below) to feed with backwards; they off their and the the First inch) the perforation; then the that the with the top of the cover. This inch) the the inch) below the perforation. If inch) the perforation, inch) the
the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Advancing the to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear-off and the the instructions, tear-off the the to the tear-off whenever of or command the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these to the tear-off the to the tear-off this the or to the tear-off tear-off off the the
the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The light to and the the Press the LF/FF the tear-off the to the the to feed the backwards, or the to the forwards, the perforation with the tear-off The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the tear-off
Tear off the the the back to the top-of-form and You single-sheet sheet the of the the type of single-sheet A-8. single-sheet or other to the the thickness to the To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet and You the to single-sheet that the top the bound first and the
Loading You sheets as shown the the without other buttons. the to the the right of the to clear and when the off. the or it to the top-of-form of types, including and and should than inch) from of the information the of Printable A-15. thicker-than-normal or software the within the the of these the head. the paper-thickness to the thickness Follow these to the thickness the
Turn the off and the cover. The paper-thickness the of the The to the the thickness the below to the thickness. the cover. type or 3-sheet to the
You or single-sheet of to four the the thickness as the previous section. The following that or or single-sheet that the top. the first the only that of and waves. If to the software or the as the top-of-form the with the If this the You the tractor as tractor and from the to the thickness as the paper-thickness the following Choose mounted with with tractor. as the slightly. the
the as ordinary with the tractor instructions. to and humidity, them operating the within the Specifications A-4 specifications.) the they around the and when To the from the tear off the fresh supply the of the then LF/FF to the of the backwards through the they easily off the and the If become the the
You individually the the following the thickness to the the paper-thickness To follow the the the of the the first, the the and the and the within the The head the or right of the or other thick Specifications A-4 specifications.) Its to of the
and Cut-sheet The optional cut-sheet (C80637 LX-300+/C80639 LX-1170) to of or without reloading. Follow these to the cut-sheet the turned off. the and the cover. If the tractor the and the push-tractor the paper-release the single-sheet the
the cut-sheet both and the the notches the cut-sheet the mounting the Releasing the the cut-sheet the
the with the Next, the right to roughly match the of the the the the the and to allow the
of and Next, the and of the to the to sheets of the the of the right that matches the of the allows the to and freely. the back to the the the from the the with the cut-sheet the the the to the cut-sheet as shown below. the or the cut-sheet from Release Release
the to the it the Then the right to the of You easily switch and cut-sheet operation. Switching back to sheets of the first the perforation the perforation from below the cover. This the the properly and tractor (C80030 LX-300+/ C80034 LX-1170) as option. You the performance of tractors the This with and Follow these to and and tractor: the paper-release pulled to the the included the push-tractor the the and the the To the from the cut-sheet both release and the the cover when the
LX-300+ users: the tractor with both the to the mounting the top of the fits as shown below. You should the notches LX-1170 users: the with both the tractor the mounting the top of the and as shown below. the tractor the should the notches the
the of the push-tractor. Continuous Turn the the LF/FF to feed Release the of the and the to match the of the that the both tractors that the crooked. the covers. the of the the of the and the as necessary. Continuous the covers. If there the the and tractors, and the the right of the tractor to the that the crooked or and the the and the the
The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with This option countries. Follow these to and the Turn off the and the Position the beneath the as shown below. the the the positioning the of the the paper-release to the single-sheet the to the when the the weight
the leading of the straight the through the of the the and the the that from the of the Then the Bring the leading of the the sheets and the the the to the the Then the right to the the
(LX-300+ only) The optional (C83208 includes and Follow these to the Turn off the and the and the cover the and as shown below. the
the the right of the with the facing the of the to the the the the the the head to the of the then the the to the of the the
Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the the the as shown; then both of the to the the Turn the ribbon-tightening to feed the should twisted or creased. the and cover. the the as the the
If the top or of the characters the from the the the characters red. If the top the forwards. If the yellow, the backwards. Then another to this the properly the the reduced. To switch to the ribbon, the as shown the that with the optional then the as or the You to the the
You this as network the BASE TX (C82378 the interface the with this option instructions and the
Chapter the Software the with and Accessing the from the the with Accessing the from the the with and NT Accessing the from the the with NT Accessing the from the About the EPSON Utility. EPSON Accessing EPSON the EPSON (LX-300+ only). EPSON Accessing EPSON the Software
the with and You the from or from the the from apply to the the from the the apply to To and the The the following section from LX-300+. LX-1170 users, LX-1170 the the shots. The instructions the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the below to the To the from the to the Right-click the and the Software
the four Graphics, and Utility. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to the to their Once and ready to the with software LX-300+. You the from or from the the from apply to the the from the the apply to applications. To and the While the with the that the match the Software
Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the How the Select or from the of software. The or appears. the information about the this that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears. the to the To the from the the the then the highlighted, then the You the (or and the of the OK to apply the or to the Software
Once and them necessary, ready to the with and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the the from the the apply to applications. To and the The the section from LX-300+. LX-1170 users, LX-1170 the the screen shots. The instructions the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from the Software
The this the How the The the following section from the NT operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Advanced These the the Software
To the the top of the the below to the To the from the to the Right-click the and the from which the and Advanced. You the the of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? OK to apply the or to the Software
Once and them necessary, ready to the with NT software NT LX-300+. You the from or from the the from apply to the the from the the apply to applications. To and the While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from The this the the the Software
Select or from the of software. The or appears. that selected and then or (You to of these buttons.) The displays the which the and the to the Click (or to the Advanced which includes the Graphics Color, and the to the To the from the the and highlighted, then Then the You the and the Advanced of the To these boxes, the sections the OK to apply the or to Once and them necessary, ready to the Software
The following the that of The shown below. Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the If included the Custom or and the the that appears. Select or Landscape. Source Select the to Graphics Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of Intensity/ (LX-300+ The when there only) this If to or the Select option from the If bi-directional and increase. Turning off the to with the the the Select the The higher the select, the however, increasing the If this option from the the to or the Software
Explanations EPSON You the EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Click this to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. the this The shown below. Explanations EPSON You the EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where the EPSON information, EPSON the Software
About the EPSON The EPSON that with or NT It allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when The EPSON when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional The EPSON when the as Chapter If the the or using the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as Chapter the using the EPSON to the README the This the information the EPSON Follow these to EPSON the as the with and or the with and NT the Software
Click the Preferences The Preferences appears. The following the Software Select the item ON/OFF Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the the PC The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. Allow of Click the to items to the Turn this to the selected shared when this selected. this selected, shared other
Accessing EPSON To the EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the to the and follow the instruction. the then the EPSON To to the the with and or the with and NT the EPSON as the following appears. You information this the Software
the EPSON (LX-300+ only) The EPSON allows to easily the from DOS EPSON Follow these to the EPSON the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM At the DOS type D:\SETUP (If the other than D, D with the Then Select the and then C:\EPUTIL appears as the directory. Press The EPSON to the C:\EPUTIL directory. Accessing EPSON To the EPSON type C:\PRNSET the DOS and Then follow the on-screen instructions to this You the EPSON C:\PANEL the DOS and then The PRNSET and PANEL slightly. The PANEL of EPSON that only the often the Software
Chapter Troubleshooting the and Supply. The The or characters or graphics. Printed characters what expected. The what expected feed properly. properly the cut-sheet the properly. Switching the cut-sheet and the properly the with the tractor, feed properly With the the properly (LX-300+ only) Troubleshooting
the You the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If this to the section. light The the selected Troubleshooting from another currently the path. The correctly. the Press the to the back to the and the to clear the from the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. and Chapter instructions Then the to off the light, necessary. Turn off the the cover, tear off the supply and turn the to the
light back to the The head overheated. the lights the flashing of (three of The once when the function of ejected. the unknown occurred. Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light, necessary. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. Clear the as the previous the once the head cooled. Turn off the and off then the If the Troubleshooting
and while operating You the operation of the the If the properly the the the software, or the interface If the or service If or to isolate the and To off the Next, the and LF/FF while the Then from The the The lights the The Check that the properly the The outlet If the outlet switch or another such as the outlet to whether the operating properly. Troubleshooting
The lights and then off. The lights off when the turned The of the and outlet match. that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to The The PAUSE light off nothing printed. The software properly. that the software properly as the Software the softwares The interface match the specifications of the or both of the interface the both the and specifications. The light and the three The of the The sounds it nothing printed. The properly. or the The the Troubleshooting
The the sounds and the abruptly. The or Turn off the and or other The overheated. the cool. Then to If the correctly The sounds and the PAUSE light occurred. Turn off the and If the PAUSE light or If there or service (If when switch and the paper-release the The or Printed characters the The properly. or the The The the as or the Troubleshooting
characters or graphics of the The head Stop and to the head replaced. Either there too the or the the as or the Printed characters what expected The or characters with software The software properly that the software correctly instructions, Chapter the Software. The selected the software the software. Troubleshooting
The what expected too high or too the or the of the top of the software incorrect. the or top-of-form software. match the of the The incorrect. the software and necessary. If using the the and the One-inch to off the and properly feed. the the the paper-release to the single-sheet the to the Troubleshooting
feeding crooked or the The correctly or of the type. Turn off the and the sheet straight the the right type of the specifications Specifications A-4. completely. the LF/FF to the The too that within the specified the specifications Specifications A-4. Continuous properly The feed the The paper-release the that the paper-release pulled to the If turn off the the and turn The off the tractor. the to the tractor. Troubleshooting
feeding crooked or the The of supply from feeding straight. that the supply obstructed. that supply within of the the cover closed. the correct. the the diamond-shaped that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the and thickness within the specified the specifications Specifications A-4. the with the If this the to the The properly. The too Tear off the fresh supply of and the from the that within the specified Specifications A-4. switch and the sounds and the PAUSE light You to the paper-release while remained the the to the and the Then the paper-release Troubleshooting
the cut-sheet the feed properly The feed. The cut-sheet incorrectly the as Cut-sheet the paper-release back to the single-sheet You too the cut-sheet the head. the correct. the the diamond-shaped There only the or feed You too the cut-sheet You to the of the the and The feed crooked. The or creased. sheets of There too the that the correctly and that the and quality. Specifications A-4 specifications. Troubleshooting
One of to software incorrect. that the and software correct. Switching the cut-sheet and the tractor properly The type The paper-release the the to or the back to the with the tractor, feed properly feed crooked or the The and correctly. both tractors, that the both evenly. The too the of the to the of the rotating the The caught the that the the and that the correctly. Troubleshooting
With the the properly (LX-300+ only) The lights the the the Follow the instructions (LX-300+ only) The or characters printed. software properly the (or to the and as If software of the the ESC command. Command A-21.) The properly. Chapter the Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
Cleaning the A-2 Transporting the A-3 Specifications A-4 Mechanical. A-4 A-6 A-8 A-8 A-8 A-15 A-20 and A-20 Command A-21 EPSON ESC/P A-21 IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) A-22 Contacting Customer Support. A-23 users North America A-24 users the United and the of Ireland A-25 A-26 users A-28 users A-28 A-29 A-30 users the A-31 A-1
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these to the the turned off. the If tractor or optional cut-sheet to and from the outer and If the outer or or them with cloth with the cover and the top of the to from the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the A-2 to the or or the of the with the EPSON think
Transporting the If to the and Follow these to the its Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the the If installed, If options them and them their boxes. that the head Then the as Chapter the the that with the the and their and them the A-3
Specifications Mechanical High NLQ Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected software commands. spacing: 1/6-inch or 1/216-inch Printable LX-300+: LX-1170: Friction (top entry) entry) or entry) and (optional) Cut-sheet (optional) (optional) A-4
inches/second) 1/6-inch (optional, LX-300+ only): head) MTBF POH duty) head Black (LX-300+ only): and inches) weight LX-300+): inches) inches) including the and release and Height inches) LX-1170): inches) inches) including the and release Height inches) inches) inches) and A-5
Black Black LX-300+): Black characters dots/character) Black Black LX-1170): Black characters dots/character) (S015073) (LX-300+ only): characters characters characters characters dots/character) Acoustic (A) (ISO Interfaces: One bidirectional, interface with IEEE-1284 and One EIA-232D interface 8KB EPSON EPSON EPSON EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET A-6
Character One and graphical character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (French-Canadian), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Character international character USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, Spain II, II, America The following graphical character PC PC (Eastern PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland), MJK (CSFR), ISO ISO ISO 1T PC (LST PC ISO PC LAT. PC UKR PC APTEC PC PC PC AR A-7
to to Rated to to Rated the character type) (ISO/IEC the the back of the the of to C to F) to RH to C to F) to RH and single-sheet and as follows: A-8 Humidity (without to C to F) to RH to the character type)
that or wrinkled, or curled. LX-300+ and cut-sheet Single-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Thickness to to inch) Cut-sheet to to inch) to to to to to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of A-9
inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to and and to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness Printable to to inch) Gathering to inch) to to to to of or bound both A-10
with optional inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to A-11
LX-1170 sheets and cut-sheet to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) to to inches) Cut-sheet to to inches) Thickness to to inch) Cut-sheet to to inch) to to to to Single-sheet to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness to to inch) to to the top of A-12
and and inches) inches) Thickness to to inch) to to to to inches) to to inches) to Thickness Printable to to inch) Weight to to to to of or bound both A-13
inches) inch) to to inches) to to inches) thickness to to inch) thickness to to inch) with optional inches) Thickness to to inch) to to A-14
Printable and LX-300+ The top inch). The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C The inch). C C A-15
LX-1170 The top inch). The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the of the C The inch). A-16
Continuous LX-300+ The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase to match the of the A-17
LX-1170 The top and and below the perforation inch) each. The and right inch) each. The inches) and the inches). than inches), the increase proportionally to match the width of the A-18
The top and inch). The inch). The right inch). The inches). A-19
the The to the of the and U. S. UL1950 CSA C22.2 EMC FCC Class CSA C108.8 Directive 73/23/EEC EN EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN EN EN Australian EMC AS/NZS Class A-20
Command the EPSON ESC/P and IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) below. EPSON ESC/P Selecting EPSON ESC/P software allows to advanced and graphics. operation: ESC ESC U, ESC EM feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC A, CR ESC (C, ESC C, ESC C ESC Q, ESC ESC ESC N, ESC O, ESC (U motion: ESC ESC ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: ESC ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font ESC W, DC4, SO, DC2, SI, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC Spacing: ESC Character ESC ESC ESC R, ESC ESC ESC ESC I, ESC ESC A-21
ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, ESC ESC ESC (B (LX-300+ only): ESC IBM LX-300+)/ IBM LX-1170) This the IBM using the commands below. information, the IBM LX-300+)/IBM LX-1170) reference operation: NUL, DC3, ESC BEL, CAN, DC1, ESC Q, ESC K, ESC U, ESC feeding: FF, LF, ESC ESC A, ESC ESC ESC ESC CR, ESC ESC C, ESC C0, ESC X, ESC N, ESC O, ESC motion: ESC ESC R, ESC D, HT, ESC B, VT, ESC Font selection: DC2, ESC P, ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC I, ESC ESC [I Font DC4, SO, ESC SO, ESC W, ESC SI, ESC SI, ESC G, ESC H, ESC T, ESC S, ESC ESC Spacing: BS, SP A-22
Character ESC ESC ESC [T, ESC ESC ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC ESC ESC Download: ESC (only Contacting Customer If EPSON operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information. Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with A-23
North America If purchased the United States or EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other such as brochures and user and troubleshooting information. EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON E-MAIL To technical through Technical to and the the troubleshooting as Automated of services Telephone Services hours To these services, touch tone telephone and To directly to technical (U.S.), or AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase A-24
of the other software the that software technical information. You purchase and from EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please users the United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) LTD of services and technical the World information the EPSON products, software user and to To EPSON Technical of EPSON Customer and Warranty services: A-25
Telephone Customer and Warranty teams the UK or from the of Ireland. They the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty the UK or from the of Ireland, the UK or from the of Ireland, and They the following information: information and EPSON Where to purchase EPSON and options EPSON wishes to with high of service. to the following information: Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to A-26
URL the EPSON World Worth the The EPSON information and technical EPSON service EPSON service the EPSON products offered and the through of choices the information to EPSON EPSON as to to the and operating EPSON EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes EPSON type of operating and information required. Phone: A-27
Sources of information, and services from World (www.epson.com.sg) Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical with the following the and information Product or service and warranty To technical as as other services, users to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to of EPSON A-28
World board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: information, and services World (www.epson.com.my) Information specifications, (FAQ), and BBS: Phone: A-29
Head Office information, and services World (www.epson.co.in) Information specifications, (FAQ), Products and Technical Head Office A-30 Phone: Phone:
Offices: users the To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the and below: Phone: BBS: A-31
A-32
cover cover interface interface tractor switch paper-release thickness
America, Inc. Airport CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. Phone: EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. Phone: EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R.