EPSON Y46399102000
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the from the the outlet that the and branch If necessary, the user should the or The user the following the helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington DC The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this If this than interface connected to interfaces. rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of the information While the of this Inc. responsibility or Neither from the of the information contained America, Inc. or from the of options other than those as Products Corporation. Graphics created with and IBM of International Corporation, of America, Inc. Copyright America, Inc. California FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS UniPaint Unison World Inc. and EPSON SD-Graph. ESC/P of Corporation. WARNING
About This This illustrated, instructions and operating Epsons around Chapter information testing, and connecting the to and follow these instructions first. the back cover of this of the which of the identified. and cover and operation. This information the operation of Chapter shows to the from It includes about software commands, graphics, and creating characters. Chapter summary of commands. If the properly or the what Chapter troubleshooting and Other information options, and specifications. You of terms, of character and At the back of this Reference with the information to About This
About This this WARNING to to and CAUTION should to that operates correctly. Notes information and the operation of About This
Chapter the the Checking the Choosing the Assembling the the the Attaching the Testing the the the and Connecting the to Computer.. The interface.. Application Software Choosing from the
Unpacking the Checking the the that the shown below and that Ribbon locations, the attached to the the
I!!!!!9 WARNING: There of the The supply shown the the back of the If the shown the country, It to the with the the to the the
Choosing the There things to when selecting the to to the following the the enough to the the to reach. around the to allow easy operation and grounded WARNING: locations that to sunlight, heat, or switches or timers. interruption of information and memory. the with or that might the from of interference such as or the of telephones. the
The below shows location. the the
Choosing the If to through the of and below to that the right The should to least the of the LX-810 that the of than from With should If supply below the that there enough clearance to the from catching the of the Also, to that the the enough to the and I/F that they with feeding. If the to the the
Assembling the the to the first to the the The to manually feed the the of or other feeding You the the white the the the and the the
Assembling the the it fits the CAUTION: the to the of the as this with the and the to allow easy and the that the the
the as follows. the cover. the head to the of the the Assembling the
Assembling the the cover. Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the and to the
the its and the the Press lightly both of the to the properly seated. pointed such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to the the Assembling the
Assembling the the head from to to that smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the cover. the
Attaching the the to feed the smoothly and efficiently the the using the following the the as shown. the the Assembling the
Assembling the To the slightly to release from its then the the cover the the cover the notches the front of the and the cover back the
Testing the that assembled, its built-in function to that the correctly to You should this to that and that the correctly the to the and the that the turned off. Then the the back of the to the rating the matches that of WARNING: If the rated and match, the the
Testing the the to the AC the rear locations, the connected to the the properly grounded the
the The or Near Quality (NLQ) which as the that the turned off. Then the release back to the single-sheet While holding the LINE FEED or FORM FEED (NLQ the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights the Testing the
Testing the the that to the the right to match the of Next, the WARNING: the using than A4 inches or or to the head from directly the the (BY2 inches or
Press the LOAD/EJECT to Press the ON LINE to the of DIP switch first, followed of characters. The the or the ON LINE LOAD/EJECT the Testing the
Testing the If the satisfactory and to the the ON LINE If the satisfactory, and this chapter, To the the ON LINE once If the loaded, the LOAD/EJECT or LINE FEED to and off the I!!!!!9 WARNING: turning the off, least seconds turning back Turning the and off the the LOAD/EJECT
of typical tests: OFF Character Spacing CPI (Unslashed) OFF of OFF CG Table Italics OFF Short Tear-off 1-S ON Normal Country U.S.A. ON OFF inch OFF CSF OFF Perforation OFF LF I/F S%& %B' *"s'- ,/<~)1234=J6789: ..I. ,/(;;173L+5&,;7~9 A.. /<:11L:34~&789: ,Q123456789: ;I(-', ..I.--... .I." /(]12345&7G9 A.1 "?@AtiCDEFGHIJELMNOFQHSTlJVWX~ '-"?P?ABCDEFSHIJKLMNOFQRSTUVWXY~ 3@AECDEFGHIJ#LMNOFQWSTUVWXYZ[ .::E=> ?@ABODEFGHIJKLMNOFBRSTUVWXYZ~\: ?@ABCDEFGHI ?@ABCDEF~GHIJKLMNOP~~RSTUVWXYZ "L: "I :@AECDEFGHIJC::LMNOFRRSTI.JVWXYZ::\]~"-; "-'.?@ABCDEFGHIJKLE ~'--."..'?~ABCDEFGHI ..I... @ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOFQRST1 BAECDEFGHIJI<LMNOF'~RSTU\ .:~@AECDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVW) JELMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ the Testing the '~."?@ABCDEFGHI KLMNOFC J, KL I"'- I."'-.'
Testing the High-speed the optional sheet the first of the slightly the section the
NLQ CPI OFF Character Spacing of (Unslashed) OFF CG Table Italics OFF Short Tear-off OFF OFF High U.S.A. ON Country Length. inch OFF CSF OFF Perforation OFF LF I/F OFF I'#$%&'( %'()X+,-. '(I*+,- ./0123456789:;<=>?8ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSI (I*+,- ./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST~ I*+,- ./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTU% /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRS~ -./0123456789:;~=~?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWX1 ./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWXYZ /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWXYZ[ 0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWYZC\ 3456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWXYZ[\]*~ 456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWXYZ[\]--* the optional the first of the slightly the section Chapter ./0123456789:;<=>?@CDEFGHIJKI /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOE ./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOP6 /0123456789:;<=>?8ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQF ./0123456789:;<=>?@DEFGHIJKLMNOPQ~ the Testing the
Testing the and If the properly, the head and the If the off the Then the the and that the and from the Chapter further troubleshooting information. The The sounds it nothing printed. The when the ON LINE The or Printed characters the ABCD the The properly. Turn off the the and the ribbon. The worn. the Turn off the and the the FORM FEED or LINE FEED the turning the Turn off the and the from the the The properly the and the securely the
The the characters or graphics. of the C If the the correctly, or authorized service The the head and should replaced. as as The thickness correctly the the thickness to match the thickness of The head Stop and or authorized service to the head replaced. There too the or the and caught something. Stop off the and the the Testing the
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the If interface and shielded should to immediately. The below to the interface If another type of interface, to optional interface board. the section boards If which type of interface required, to The interface the interface as below: that both and off. Then the securely the the
the together they of the If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface Connecting the to the
Connecting the to the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Application Software and tested the LX-810, should that with specify the type of using that the of the features. of these or that of to choose from. If selection the instructions below. Choosing from the family of commands, the LX-810 its selection If the LX-810 choose of the following They of LX-800 LX-86 LX-80 FX-850 EX-800 FX-85 FX-80+ FX-80 the
Application Software If of these listed, the first the following LX FX EX RX MX To of the features of the LX-810, however, to with the LX-810 its If LX the software to the
Chapter Loading the Continuous Positioning supply.. Loading Switching and Switching to Switching back to The thickness
with of inches or to inches or If of sheets, to the optional sheet This option and to sheets of Loading the turned off, then the the upright the release to the single-sheet This the shown the below.
Turn the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights the turning the the that to the that to (You to this (You to this the of the of PAPER OUT the
the right to match the of Then the the Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the
CAUTION: the using the while the switched If the Press the ON LINE to the the ON LINE light the from You ready to
of than using the when reaches the of the this the ON LINE light off or software. If the ON LINE light the first thing should the ON LINE to the off Once the ON LINE light off, the that necessary, the LOAD/EJECT to the and Press the ON LINE to the and follow from software.
The built easy to and Its low-profile and from inches or to inches or Positioning supply smooth and feeding the of supply. Three of positioning and supply shown below. the supply with the the the smoothly the
Loading the turned off; then the the release to the This the shown the below. Release the the as shown.
the roughly inch or from the farthest and the to the right to roughly match the of Continuous
Continuous the the both covers.
CAUTION: that clean, straight the the covers. of both
Continuous the right to where the straight and Then the as shown below.
the together they the of the Turn the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights Then the LOAD/EJECT to feed to the
Press the ON LINE to the The the and each to the If to the the the section the Chapter CAUTION: the the and the while the turned to the and perforation and the necessary. the sections and perforation Chapter
Switching and with the easily switch to single-sheet without the from the tractor. Switching to To switch from to sheets, follow the below. If the the ON LINE to the off Tear off outgoing sheets. If the tear-off to the FORM FEED to to where easily
Switching Continuous and CAUTION: tear off the LOAD/EJECT Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the of the and the The attached to the the path. CAUTION: If using than inches or should only the LOAD/EJECT once. Also, this to WARNING: through the easily off the and the
the release back to the single-sheet This the shown the below. the upright and the to the Switching Continuous and
Switching and the right to match the of Then of the the Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the Then the ON LINE to the
Switching back to It easy to switch back to with the and the off the together they the of the Switching and
Switching Continuous and the the back of the the release to the
Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed the to the Press the ON LINE to the that Switching Continuous and
to and of types, including and of to the thickness WARNING: or the within the and should than inches or from of the information the The thickness To thicknesses of with thickness that to These to the
To the thickness follow these the turned off. Then the cover. WARNING: If the the head Allow cool touching the thickness to the the the should to the
sheets or Thin or the cover. I!!!3 WARNINGS: the to when back to ordinary with the higher than the of the head. the of or thicker than the
With the built-in You that to three (including the the thickness to the to the the thickness the as the section this chapter. the sections the and Chapter CAUTION: should with the feeding or the optional
If to mounted with with feed. to as sheets You the that the thickness the section this chapter the thickness the I!!!!!9 WARNING: through the easily off the and the Therefore, the LOAD/EJECT to Also, the tear-off function with to DIP switch to ON). If become the Since to and humidity, them operating Dont the they around the and when
You feed individually the single-sheet should the of the thickness to the manually feeding to slightly while the LOAD/EJECT to to properly. the The head the the
CAUTION: Envelope only To that the fits within the of or or
Chapter the the Lights SelecType Other the DIP Switches DIP switch The DIP switch The DIP switch Perforation the Loading Short Tear-Off the tear-off Selecting Character Selecting International Character Choosing Character the
the The to features. The buttons and functions of the The lights the of the Lights POWER READY ZEE the ON LINE OFF LINE POWER On when the switch and supplied. READY On when the ready to input while printed. PAPER OUT (red) On when the of or when The when of ON LINE On when the and ready to from the this light the used.
POWER READY o PAPER OUT LOAD/EJECT ON LINE OFF LINE FORM LINE FEED the ON LINE This the and off Press this to the or off FORM FEED the off this to of or to to the top of the LINE FEED the off this to the or to the continuously. LOAD/EJECT This to feed the to the or to that already loaded. the release to the and ejected from the path) the release to the the
the SelecType You the built-in character the SelecType when the POWER READY E;ER selected when of the NLQ selected. the ON LINE OFF LINE NLQ This to NLQ and NLQ the sounds the sounds three DRAFT This to the sounds once. CONDENSED This to or the the the sounds once. this characters approximately of their to the the sounds
Other The of to Both and NLQ function built the The the DIP switch and operating of the You the holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED while switching the the section the information. the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons immediately or when using tear-off, to the and tear-off the sections the and tear-off this chapter. holding both the LINE FEED and FORM FEED buttons while turning the the This allows advanced users to the of the and the section using the this chapter information. the the
the DIP Switches The of DIP switches located right of the the of these switches, features, such as the character and length. The become effective when the turned or initialized. DIP switch shown the DIP switch DIP switch To DIP switch first off the Then pointed such as to the DIP switch DIP switch when and off when The DIP switch when the turned the
the DIP Switches The DIP switch The below the each DIP switch. DIP Switch DIP Switch The the or factory the
the DIP Switches International character The DIP switch Slashed DIP switch ON, the slashed when OFF, the This clearly distinguishing and when such as DIP switch OFF, the to characters second; when ON, the to characters second. The high effective when (characters inch). pitch, this switch and the to characters second. ON (DIP switch ON), each (CR) feed (LF)* the
the of DIP switch OFF, the to inches the inches to the to match the Other the commands ESC C and ESC C the Command Summary Chapter the
Perforation the of DIP switch perforation to ON or OFF. If this ON when one-inch the and the first the This top and If correctly, of the the of and the top of the as shown the following DIP SW2-3 OFF perforation OFF) 23456769:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWW 456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKIMNOPQRSTWWKY 56789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWKYZ 6789~;~=>?W3CDEFGHIJKfrMNOPQRSTWWKYZC 789:;~=~?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWKYZ~\ 89:;<=~?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWKYZ[\J 9:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWKYZC\3^ 4B DIP SW2-3 ON perforation ON) 23456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUW 3456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVW the :;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWKYZ[\J-- 456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWKY 56769:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTWWKYZ
of top and perforation these The perforation to other than inch using the ESC command. the Command Summary Chapter the Perforation
the Loading The the where the when the LOAD/EJECT This where the the If the too high or too the the the the section. CAUTION: the to of or other feeding (If to the that the off.) If to the the the the this and as reference feeding The the 2/216th-of-an- inch to to the Once to the of the that turned off. when to the of the this the turned off. the turned back the to its factory the
that the turned and that or ready to loaded. Press the LOAD/EJECT to feed to the Then the ON LINE the ON LINE light then to You the FORM FEED and LINE FEED while the ON LINE light Press the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to feed the backward. the the ON LINE light automatically. :X-JO OFF LINE the Loading Position the
the Loading the reaches the factory-set the and feeding You this as reference when the the reaches the or top the and the SelecType when the ON LINE light If to SelecType, the ON LINE once to the off and once to the the
Short Tear-Off finished the tear-off the perforation of the to the tear-off of the cover that tear off the the to the This the normally To this DIP switch to OFF and You the tear-off turned (DIP switch OFF) when the release to the tear-off WARNING: the tear-off with off the and the the ONA SW2
Short Tear-Off finished and the the top of the the perforation of the to the tear-off of the cover tear off the Short tear-off only when software the to the top of the To manually feed the to the top of the the ON LINE to the off then the FORM FEED the back the the to the tear-off tearing off the the to the the
the tear-off If the perforation with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off turned the to the tear-off the The ON LINE light should the to to the tear-off CAUTION: You the while the ON LINE light the Short Tear-Off
Short Tear-Off Press the FORM FEED to the or the LINE FEED to feed backward. You tear off and The this tear-off when the turned off. the
Selecting You of combining and other You three the SelecType the DIP switches, or software commands. This section to with the SelecType DIP switch earlier this chapter. Software commands Chapter You the to choose and The of hear which features choosing. The the SelecType If the ON LINE light the ON LINE once to the off and once to the of Select Select NLQ Select Select the NLQ
Selecting The using the SelecType the off. to These previous software commands these commands SelecType should the options instead of SelecType to If SelecType with the to Character The three NLQ and NLQ The character to allow high- which rough and NLQ and NLQ Near Quality (NLQ) Near Quality to nicely-formed characters To the the DRAFT (LINE FEED) when the the selected, the sounds once. There high-speed and These DIP switch the section the DIP switches this chapter. To the NLQ the NLQ (FORM FEED) when the the NLQ selected, the sounds the NLQ selected, the sounds three the
The following the characters each HIGH-SPEED DRAFT ~f'or NORMAL DRAFT LMNOFRRSTUVW XY back. of o NLQ ROMAN WXYZC: What the o NLQ SANS SERIF !#%%&()S+,-./0123456769:;<=>?@~BCDEFGHIJK LMNOPQRSTUVWXYZC\J*~ o WXYZC back of What the VB Q I What. I. S+ o o /0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK I- back of o I CJ o o the Selecting of I JK
Selecting You the to the character the characters of the of characters. Hence, spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information Both and NLQ To or the CONDENSED (LOAD/EJECT) when the the selected, the sounds once. the canceled, the sounds The following and with and the This This This
Selecting International Character International character with the characters and other You of international character the DIP switch the or initialized, the character selected the DIP switches becomes the character To international character DIP switches and to the below. This shows the characters which each international character CAUTION: To the of DIP switch, first off the the DIP switch and then the back the
Selecting International Character to the DIP-switch character shown the previous the international character shown below of software commands. information, to the ESC Chapter ASCII Country Norway II II America the #nBWBAU6s0Ati #$184iBAU6s0AQ 5E 5C 7D 7E 7C
Choosing Character Table You the character or the Graphics character DIP switch The Graphics character international characters, characters, mathematic and character graphics corners, and areas. If IBM or IBM the Graphics when to the character graphics as they displayed the the Graphics text and the ESC Chapter of the characters and the Graphics characters shown below. Italics Graphics the
Choosing Character Table To character DIP switch to the below. Character DIP SW Italics Graphics CAUTION: To the of DIP switch, first off the the DIP switch, and then the back showing what characters each of the character the the OFF ON
that easy to the of the and of the reaching the produced. To the follow these that loaded. Either the or the If the switch off, then the FORM FEED and LINE FEED buttons the the the
the to the as shown below. LB .@.R..t..6..P 1B 1B OO1O 6E This of 6C 6F 6D 6E 6F ZE 6D 6B 6F easy On the the On the right ASCII characters normally, to 1F portrayed To the the ON LINE to the off Then off the the characters the text field the right of the with the of which to the If characters they appear as their ASCII characters. Non-printable such as the
To the the first three the of the the T. The text field the right of the the preceded The chart below the first Command 1B ESC 1B ESC 1B ESC 1B ESC DC2 1B ESC Select USA character Select Graphics character characters Select the Function
Chapter Software and Graphics and Character Character and Selecting with Select Graphics The head.. The graphics reservation numbers....... graphics.... graphics commands..... The reassignment command Characters characters.. information to characters.. Copying ROM characters to RAM......................................... Mixing NLQ characters..... Software and Graphics
Enhancing You of effects with from the of characters inch to selected and phrases. This section of the features with software. software of these features, the instructions or their commands and The to to three of high-speed and NLQ (Near Quality). High-speed rough and that to quickly. Normal offers higher characters. NLQ fully-formed characters NLQ the offers and The below shows the high-speed NLQ and NLQ characters the and II-% NLQ clear and NLQ and Software and Graphics III fast. as I I,
You choose the and NLQ with software commands or the SelecType high-speed selected DIP switch the section the DIP switches Chapter High-speed when selected. The that combined with high-speed and If other or character selected, high-speed and Character To to the of character and (characters inch). Each selected with software or DIP switch the section the DIP switches Chapter The below the types. High-speed If the temporarily switches to off. This This Enhancing Software and Graphics
Enhancing Character to the spacings, the offers other that the of These and condensed. The the of character. This useful headings and creating amounts of You with other to This o Both and reduced to about of their the This spreadsheets allows to to characters B-inch The selected with software commands or with the SelecType Both and NLQ Software and Graphics characters
or the characters or the and usually to the and the of characters to the character effects and The offers of text and allows to and These features directly software commands. these they properly to Emphasized and Emphasized and text distinction. each character as the head the with the character slightly to the right of the first. This characters. the head each the text and o This o o This and combined. NLQ NLQ characters already of the head. Software and Graphics
You software command. You or as typeface. This This The of of This and without of this the character instead. If this option. and and footnote and mathematical formulas. The below shows and combined mathematical Software and Graphics RQ
Selecting with Select Select that allows to choose combinations of The of the Select shown below: ASCII The that the or of To the of to the below and the or the to Hex. 1O :ESC 1B Software and Graphics
to title to characters and them You would three together to the of Double-wide the of the Select to the to the ASCII :ESC 1B The the ESC and ESC commands. The DIP switch the section the DIP switches Chapter There things to when the Select command: Select of the that character spacing, and Select to the character to and with high-speed information to Chapter Software and Graphics
Graphics The graphics allows to charts, or other graphic think of. software graphics, to and the this and the software instructions. The and to graphics to graphics With such usually and then command to the to the If software that graphics, to about graphics to the software. If, the other hand, to or to the graphics, Software and Graphics
Graphics The head To graphics should first learn head The head the head the the to fire. fires, the and the to The fire that numbers, and graphic The head to both graphics and text graphic the the that newspaper and printed. If closely newspaper photograph, that of its with of as as inch and inch vertically. The this as finely as the the of this section. its graphics the top of the to of each graphics therefore, each Each the that To graphic than the head than the the and another, as when To the head from leaving graphics as text the the ESC Chapter that 8/72-inch high, to the to as this chapter. Software and Graphics
To the which to fire each that each of the as shown below. This allows to specify with To fire its to the To fire than the the of the and the the shown fire the top To fire the If to fire the top and and and the together, fire of three of to the that fire of With this of the to and and duplicated. these graphics however, to know the of the graphics command. Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics The graphics commands The graphics commands from other commands the of the other such as and ESC the and another off. The graphics commands the that the graphics of graphics printed. the this command, it to the as the specified of printed. While there commands four of the commonly options Chapter that allows to of the graphics The of the command this command, selects the graphics option and and the of to graphics. The graphics options below. Option High-speed CRT CRT II this Software and Graphics ESC
reservation High-density graphics thousands of to The however, than Therefore, the graphics commands numbers, and to To and the of The the Since the commands numbers, supply than the of and to of graphics should and should If with MOD and INT the following to and which the of to the and the the of specified and as graphics what they This that to supply enough of graphics or the and to while If, the other hand, supply too graphics the and as ASCII MOD Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics The first to graphics command, reservation numbers, and BASIC and the following to include The the below. WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT 40LPRINTCHR$(1'10); NEXT graphics and graphics. to supply of the which the first shown the section and finishes the software (including of BASIC) and or characters. This usually with graphics. every CR-LF of graphics the of the and and as of BASIC this insertion WIDTH the of graphics The of BASIC WIDTH LPT1:, or WIDTH LPRINT software the Software and Graphics
The shows of graphics than It textured or the following the each of FOR and NEXT that the the the to WIDTH "LPT1:" 110LPRINTCHR$;2;;&;CHR$(8); 120FORR=lTO6 LPRINT LPRINTCHR$(170);CHR$(85); NEXT LPRINT NEXT LPRINT If the There basic that the through to this of The from characters the WIDTH The to of inch. This the height of the the The through the graphics the of and CHR$(27);"@" Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics graphics each to This of the to the each through the of Finally, the the to its including the This that should include every Notice that graphics commands only To than of graphics, graphics issued each graphics This section through the of graphics The complicated, include the would First which graphics The below shows the three that choose the of graphics Software and Graphics High-speed
the the previous the graphics high-speed and they choosing the The high-speed shown below the to It should the right Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics plotting the the each the The this each high. together the of the each the to the The the first shown the below; the to the the The the and the the of each Once the incorporate them the DATA each with The following to the This selects 7/72inch used. the the to the repeatedly to the Instead, the individually and each of graphics from the DATA The therefore, both and the Software and Graphics (I
FOR LPRINT READ LPRINTCHR$(N); NEXT COLUMN LPRINT NEXT ROW END DATA64,0,64,0,32,0,16,0,8,0 this the following If to the other the to or Z. "LPT1:',255 CHR$(27);"Y';CHR$(41);CHR$(O); Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics graphics commands There four graphics commands that the as the ESC command, each graphics option. that these commands than the ESC they to graphics option. They shown below: Command Function ESC Format ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC high-speed ESC ESC ESC The reassignment The LX-810 that allows to the graphics option assigned to of the four graphics options commands. The this: The the that to the assignment (K, L, Y, or Z) and the of the graphics option that to to to the ESC to the CRT graphics option, the command BASIC This to the aspect ratio of the that the graphics option the without the Software and Graphics ESC LPRINT CHR$(27);?;K;CHR$(4)
Characters With this to and characters of You or typeface, characters as mathematical or or graphic with characters to as building Below, typefaces created with the character function. You the of characters using software that creating characters or with of characters already created. Also, software of the character function to (These characters The ASCII characters the Memory (ROM), and the characters the Access Memory (RAM). characters characters graphics the instructions where each printed. fact, character graphics simplicity, this section shows to characters. NLQ characters and therefore this chapter. Software and Graphics
Characters To character that and as shown below. The the shows heart-shaped character. Although there head, that only of them character. The heart the top the the the right as this section. You to (below the heavy the characters that the and Also, while character, to the right to characters. Software and Graphics
information to Once the character plotted the the each as graphic Then, write that the following to the ASCII characters with the characters The of the command that characters relatively The ESC enough. The ASCII character 3O), the the ASCII character NUL. (The the should this distinction clear.) You to characters with the command. The and the of the first and ASCII characters replacing. (You alternatively the ASCII characters themselves If character, and the You and and to the characters through would and the command ESC the would the characters through The whether the top or the of the head used. If to with the top should If, however, to with the should The of the the that the each of each character. character to each character If characters, to numbers. Software and Graphics Characters
Characters The following character should this clear: LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT READ A: LPRINT NEXT LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT 200LPRINTCHR$(27);"%";CHR$(O); LPRINT END the ESC selects The and the of characters this of which this specifies to the top of the head. selects the character and switches back to the character The character information the DATA to the the and characters If the heart and it the RAM location the You three-line of The first and third and of the the the the heart that Software and Graphics CHR$(27);"X";CRR$(O); CHR$(A);
the to the below. both of characters (the ROM characters that the normally and the character the The to switch the and It If to the ROM character selected (this the If to the character selected. If the character characters, the command and the ROM characters You switch character the of To this, the of and the Copying ROM characters to RAM the the character and to other characters, the heart Since other characters the RAM other characters as to of the characters to the of the as to switch back and forth the character and character It however, rather Therefore, that allows to of the characters from ROM to the character ESC Software and Graphics Characters
Characters The This command characters created. You this to the characters. If this the of then characters and the character with the character as character You to switch back and forth Mixing The character with and both with characters. The below shows the heart character that characters RAM, which Whenever the turned off or (INIT) of the characters this each BASIC loaded or when and to them.) If the the with the ESC command, the ROM selected, the characters Software and Graphics ESC
NLQ characters NLQ characters than characters; therefore, the and this section than those to characters. NLQ the NLQ characters as as and the characters than the characters. The below shows NLQ On this numbered or This includes the and the the right with characters, however, should the right to characters. Software and Graphics Characters
Characters NLQ characters to each three sections The below shows to clear the NLQ characters, should instead of to to and count To the this together the each section of the If section, the You three numbers, every when writing the DATA Software and Graphics Third
The below shows The the top or of each The the following shows to the DATA NLQ The following NLQ characters the the arrow shown the numbers. Software and Graphics Characters
Characters LPRINT 120LPRINTCHR$(O);CHR$(12);CHR$(O); READ LPRINTCHR$(D); NEXT LPRINT LPRINT 200LPRINTCHR$(27);"%";CHR$(O); LPRINT END 230DATA4,0,0,8,0,0,16,0,0,32,0,0 240DATA64,0,0,255,255,192,64,0,0,32,0,0 250DATA16,0,0,8,0,0,4,0,0,0,0,0 the to the below: Software and Graphics CHR$(27);"&";CHR$(O);";;";
Chapter the the Testing the the insertion.. the Tractor................................................................................ the tractor..... the tractor........................................................ the Removing the Interface Boards.. Choosing interface.. Compatible interfaces.. the interface board...... New Interface board the
Sheet The optional (C806121) to single-sheet easily and efficiently. to of the without reloading. the sheet that the turned off. Then the and cover. the of the cover the and the clear of the cover off. the
the cover to the front of the cover. that the release the to the rear. the Sheet
Sheet the slightly to the notches the of the the the front of the the back top of the the cover. the
Turn the DIP switch to ON,. Turn the the
that the and the the the the and to allow the
the to where the fin the with the arrow the front Next, the right to roughly match the of of and as shown. This the from sticking that only the and of the to the typewriter If to with or textured should or the the
Sheet the the with the of the Then, the right the firmly, tightly that the to the freely and the back they and the the the
Testing the the the sheet the counts the of the and this the of the first as shown The of counted the becomes the This however, software commands. the the as when the off. The below that the turned off and the that the selected and the release to the rear. the
Sheet While holding the LINE FEED the NLQ the FORM FEED instead of the LINE FEED of the of the first of the shown below. The of the to the Chapter the This XX.
The the or the ON LINE To the the ON LINE To the the ON LINE once To the the LOAD/EJECT to Then off the the
the the the and that the ON LINE light of whenever character or feed to the If properly when the the sounds repeatedly. the and from the the first loaded. sheets as necessary. the the PAPER OUT light while sheet of the the empty, the off and the sounds repeatedly. Also, the PAPER OUT light To and the ON LINE If turn off the the or the the
To the manually from the when the the that the off LINE FEED there the this to the or to the continuously. FORM FEED there the this to the there the this to the LOAD/EJECT there the this to the there the this to the Software You the ESC EM to turn or off the This command to the the DIP switch The FF the to the the without the If the reaches the of the when of the following commands used, the the and the loaded. LF: Feed; the VT: the to the ESC J: of inch Software effective while the off that the to the software commands. the
insertion This allows to switch to type or of only) without the of Press the ON LINE to the off the
the to with the the then the the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the the
Sheet the that the turned off and the cover. If the the front of the to release its notches from the the and the the
the sheet from the cover and the back of the cover. the and cover. of the completed. to the its and the Sheet
Tractor The optional (C800061) The with and the with the built-in as this section. the tractor that the turned off. Then the cover and the cover. the
the notches the the mounting the Then, the tractor the front the front mounting the front to they seated. the release to the the Tractor
Tractor that the release to the and then the the of the tractor about of inch from the and Then the the as Chapter the
Press the LOAD/EJECT to the then the FORM FEED This the that the the tractor. CAUTION: the to the while the turned If to the to the Chapter the covers of the and the to release them. the Tractor
Tractor the to match the of the then the that they the the the the tractor the and the covers. the
If the exactly the tractor the and the the fits properly. the crooked or and the CAUTION: that the of the properly the Tractor
Tractor the of the cover the and the clear of the cover off. the cover to the front of the cover. the
the then the together that they about the of the the cover as shown below and the ON LINE to the While the with the built-in as the of the the of the tractor, through the as would with single-sheet the tear-off with the tractor. the Tractor
Tractor Removing the to tear off the and the cover and Then turn the Press the ON LINE to the off Then, the LOAD/EJECT the backward of the to the The PAPER OUT light when the completely of the path. the WARNING: through the
the from the tractor both of the and the back the front of the mounting the Tractor from the front
Tractor the tractor and off. the as shown below. the
the tractor cover from the cover and the back of the cover. the and cover. the release to the rear. the Tractor
The optional allows to with 8.5-inch that with This inexpensive to the that the turned off, then the the the as shown below. The the should the positioning the of the the
the release back to the CAUTION: the the of the The positioning to the from of If the to the the
that the turned off, and the release to the the of the straight the the of the as shown. the
the and the The should oriented that from the of the Then the Bring the leading of the the and the the
Press the LOAD/EJECT to the the and the together that they about the of the Then the ON LINE to the the off the LINE FEED to the amount, and then tear off the the tear-off of the cover. CAUTION: the LOAD/EJECT the
the the the where it the Then the LOAD/EJECT to the Turn off the the and from the the
the and the from the to the its and the
Interface Boards of optional interfaces with interface. Choosing interface Optional interfaces which below. IEEE-488 interfaces offer trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the that they freely. interfaces with interface or interface that conforms to the instead of RS-232C. These interfaces X-ON/X-OFF If whether optional interface or would to about interfaces, Compatible interfaces The following of interfaces that with that of these interfaces country or Interface New interface interface IEEE-488 interface the
Interface Boards interfaces the them. If the four with and should to of the the the interface the CAUTION: when or attaching the to the that the turned off, then the and WARNING: Turn the off the from the AC the
the from the the cover, and WARNING: High the when the or.. to the the turned off and the Also, to the board of the of the the electricity that the Interface Boards
Interface Boards the the both pointed To the first the that its front slightly the of allowing to the the front, of the WARNING: that the that off the the
screwdriver the the of the the screwdriver the of the screw the back of the to release the the Partially the to the attached to the the Interface Boards
Interface Boards the from the CN3 the board. the and from the the
the shield the located the back of the cross-head screwdriver, the screw CG from the board. the Interface Boards
Interface Boards the board There interface which with to the ground (FG) attached. This the the boards the the operation of the interface to which type of interface board the FG attached the FG attached to
FG the CG screw to the round of the FG to the board and the other as shown. the the optional interface the the board; then the with the three screws the Interface Boards
Interface Boards the of the FG the FG located top of the interface board. If the or interface boards, the interface DIP switches to the accompanying If the the as the section the
FG attached the interface board to the as shown below. the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the board. the interface clockwise and to the board. that the properly the the Interface Boards
Interface the board with the three screws provided. If the or interface board, the interface DIP switches to the accompanying If the the as the following section. the
Attaching the the of the the the then the CAUTION: to the FG the and Thread the through the plate as shown below. the Interface Boards
Interface Boards the the CN3 the board. the the front of the the
the feed tractor. the CAUTION: optional interface board to the from the built-in interface. interface connected the the cover and the Interface Boards
Interface Boards New Interface board If using optional interface, to the of the or the that they properly. should the information optional interface or to match the with the interface. If the optional interface with the that through the sections below selection and other such as or the information the with optional interface. selection You rates from to BPS Second). the the selection with the interface the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) indicating -that Once the the recovers to bytes, the outputs X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) indicating that ready to the
Chapter Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly as follows: that the turned off, then the or, the to and
If the outer or or with clean cloth with the cover to from the WARNINGS: or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the think Cleaning the
the Ribbon the when the becomes too to read. only the that the turned off, then the cover. the cover.
WARNING: If the used, the head cool to the ribbon. To the the and the straight and of the the head to the of the the Ribbon
the Ribbon To the ribbon, the ribbon- the of the arrow. the the the as shown below. Press lightly both of the to the properly
such as to the the head and while turn the ribbon-tightening to the ribbon. the head from to to that smoothly. the twisted or creased. the Ribbon
the Ribbon the cover. the of the cover the then the cover back
Transporting the the and to the following instructions. that the turned off. Then options, as as the and cover. WARNING: Turn the off the from the AC the from the outlet and from the back of the the and then the interface from the and the
Transporting the the and the cover. Then, the and the its
Chapter Troubleshooting and ..I........... Supply.. Troubleshooting
and This chapter while operating and their If the first the the below and to the the supply supplied. The The or the characters or graphics. Printed characters what expected. The what expected. properly. Continuous feed properly. Switching and properly. the properly. the tractor with the tractor, properly. the properly. optional interface, the properly. Troubleshooting to to to to to to to to to to to to to
supplied. The POWER light The POWER light and then off. The light off when the switched The or properly the Turn off the and the the and the The switch off. Turn the switch. to the to the outlet switch or another the outlet to whether the properly. The the the and that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to to The with the another the outlet to whether the outlet operating properly. Troubleshooting
The The ON LINE light nothing printed. The ON LINE light off. The PAPER OUT Troubleshooting The software properly the and the to The interface both of the the and the the the to You using the interface interface the and the specifications. The off and Press the ON LINE The ON LINE light should to The too to the right, that the the to the The PAPER OUT light should off. to The of the to
The sounds nothing printed. The the sounds and the abruptly. The or Printed characters the as shown ABCD The The properly. Turn off the the and the to The worn. the to This operation. Turn off the or other then the back If the correctly, The properly. the and the securely the to The the head and should replaced. as as to The thickness correctly the the thickness to match the thickness of to Troubleshooting
the characters or graphics. of the C C Printed characters what expected. The or characters that the software printed. Troubleshooting The head and to the head replaced. There too the or the and caught something. Stop off the and the to The software correctly the (or to the and as
The or selected software, the characters characters instead of the selected graphic characters. Graphic characters or instead of the selected characters. The selected. If the to the below to the ESC ESC ESC to The character selected. If of the Graphics character using ESC to You the graphics character DIP switch To this, off the DIP switch to ON, then the to The character selected. If of specify the character ESC to You the character DIP switch To this, off the DIP switch to OFF, then the to Troubleshooting
Printed characters what expected The international characters printed. The characters than expected. Troubleshooting The international character selected. If of specify the international character ESC to You the international character the DIP switch To this, off the and DIP switches and to the the character to The the and the CONDENSED once or to the The sounds to that the canceled. to If of the the DC2 to the to
The selected SelecType printed. The what expected. too high or too the incorrect. The software properly the (or to the and as software SelecType If allows to the software the SelecType that the commands the software correct, then try The incorrect. to the to If the the top software and too tight or too If of the ESC ESC ESC ESC or ESC A. to Troubleshooting
The what expected One of the the The text with Troubleshooting The correctly. If of the and right ESC or ESC Q. to BASIC, of the following WIDTH LPRINT or WIDTH LPT1:, If the properly. the right to the using ESC Q. feed the of each DIP switch to ON that the to each return. to DIP switch to OFF.
The of match the of the the perforation the perforation the of the The incorrectly. the with DIP switch to If allows to to the ESC C or ESC C If this the the software and necessary. If the the function the of that this to the to One inch perforation DIP switch to OFF. If allows to ESC to perforation. to The incorrectly. the of DIP switch matches length. to If allows to ESC C or ESC C to the length. to Troubleshooting
The what expected Troubleshooting The of the too high or too the to the that the perforation within the to the top and If this the off perforation DIP switch to OFF. to The bidirectional This of graphics characters. of necessary, the ESC or ESC to the to Unidirectional somewhat
You the to the of the and of the reaching the produced. the section the If the try the If the properly, the right, and the the the software or the If the Troubleshooting
The following section through and If the optional or to the section feed properly. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and feed. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the rotates feed. Troubleshooting You trying to while the (ON LINE light Press the ON LINE once to the off then the feeding the the ON LINE to the to The too to the right, that the the to the The PAPER OUT light should off. The release pulled to the the release back to the to The and right too together, the from feeding smoothly. the of the that the and freely. to
The crooked or the The The enough: feeding thicker than such as lightly the top of the while the LOAD/EJECT The turned (DIP switch the DIP switch should off. to The too the to the of the to The of the the specified only that within the specified with this single-sheet feeding to The attached, or the sheets, the its upright to You trying to the the FORM FEED The the FORM FEED button. the LOAD/EJECT to the The If the incorrectly software, the software Troubleshooting
Continuous properly. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and feed. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the rotates feed. The crooked or the Troubleshooting You trying to feed while the (ON LINE light Press the ON LINE once to the off then feeding feeding the ON LINE to the to The release back to the sheet using the tractor, the release pulled to the to Continuous the path. this the to the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the The supply or other that the smoothly the to supply of too from the supply within of the
The of supply from feeding straight. to The caught the that the the and that the the of the to The the of the with each other. Reposition the the tractor to The incorrectly the the right to the of the to The or the covers the to match the of Then them the from to The thickness the ordinary the to to Troubleshooting
Continuous feed properly the perforation function. perforation the perforation the of the Troubleshooting The the specified only that within the specified consisting of and to perforation with DIP switch to OFF. If allows to instead ESC to perforation. to You turned off the DIP switch to ON. To DIP switch effective, the off, then to The of incorrectly. DIP switch or ESC C or ESC C to the correctly.
The of the slightly while the You turned off the The tear-off the DIP switch To function selected DIP switch effective, (DIP switch to turn the off, then to OFF) The of the too high or too the to the The trying to feed too heavy the built-in tractor. highly feeding necessary, such as when the optional tractor. The tear-off function selected. the to its If this function, DIP switch to ON. to There the The tear-off function the the completely and the the top of the feed command to the At the of or the feed (FF). If BASIC, to the FF to from to the to Troubleshooting
Continuous feed properly (continued). the LOAD/EJECT to the the filly or Switching and sheets properly. the LOAD/EJECT to from the the rotates the and the off the Troubleshooting You to too the tear off the to You trying to when they backward, the FORM FEED to to the release back to the the then the LOAD/EJECT
with the release correctly to the the and together and the LOAD/EJECT to the and loaded. The release correctly switched to the when the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the rotates and the off the the release the continuously. The enough to reach the the of the release the and Also, that the PAPER OUT light the of the release to that the completely ejected. to The release the the to the to the causing the to off the using to the and that the the lowered to You the release with the path. the from the or the release to the to Troubleshooting
the feed properly. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and feed. from the the and the feed. from the the rotates feed. Troubleshooting You trying to feed while the the off feeding when the from the while the to The off Press the ON LINE to the to The (CSF) off. DIP switch to ON. If allows to ESC EM4 to the CSF to DIP switch to OFF. DIP switch to ON to the sheet to The incorrectly the and the that the mounting notches properly mated with the the to
The of the to The release to the the back to the to The pulled of the the backward. to The and right too together, smooth feeding. the of the that the and freely. to the head. the (temporarily the necessary). You too sheets the of the sheets. to There sheet the (The the usually feed.) to Troubleshooting
the or sheets the The crooked. Troubleshooting You too the of the sheets. to You to the of the the and Then the of the to The or creased. of The and right too the to the of the to There too the than of the to The of too heavy or too light the to the and that the and
You to manually instead from the One of to The the the of the and to than If the first manually, from the If to than feeding, the The CSF The the and the length. to Troubleshooting
the with the tractor, properly. the FORM FEED o LINE FEED pressed, and feed. feed crooked Something the feed. that the or the smoothly the Troubleshooting The the to the off (ON LINE light The supply of too from the the supply that than from the The caught the that the lowered the and that the the of the to The and correctly. using both tractors, that the both evenly.
Several of the perforation perforation the shifted from the perforation, or the perforation the of the The too the of the to the of the and rotating the the right. to The thickness correctly. the thickness to match the thickness of to The the specifications. that of the and thickness. to perforation DIP switch to OFF. You the DIP switches with the To DIP switch effective, the off, then The of the incorrectly. DIP switch or ESC C or ESC C to the length. to or The of the too high or too the to the to Troubleshooting
the with the tractor the the abruptly, and as the and off the tractor the LOAD/EJECT to the the off the tractor Troubleshooting The tear-off function selected. The tear-off function with the tractor, to DIP switch to ON. the release the the to the tractor, the FORM FEED to the
the properly. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and feed. the LOAD/EJECT pressed, the rotates feed. The feed crooked or the You trying to while the (ON LINE light Press the ON LINE once to the off then feed the feeding the the ON LINE to the to The release pulled to the the release back to the to The of the the that the off of the of the to The correctly. that the the the the of the to The with the properly mounted the the fits securely the to Troubleshooting
the Troubleshooting The of the The should oriented that from the to The caught the that the the and that the the of the to The the upright that the the lowered as to The creased. the leading of the clean, straight to The the specifications. to or that within the specified to
optional interface, the properly. The or the what expected. The interface board or properly connected. that the interface correctly the the board. to You using the interface. the to that the interface with this to You using the that the matches the specifications of the interface. The DIP switches or the interface board correctly. to the interface the The and interface match. Match the each Troubleshooting
Chapter Technical Specifications................................................................. Mechanical... Interface Specifications... assignments the interface....... Interface and Option Specifications.................................................................. Technical
Specifications Quality High-speed Normal NLQ Bidirectional Unidirectional graphics switched to bidirectional the software command). feed Character Technical Specification Character inch Character/second/line or inch, or of of inch. 1/6-inch feeding. 1/6-inch feeding. characters 1O
Character ASCII character (including Characters: characters) international character (including characters) Graphics character and length: Width: Length: Continuous Envelope 4K High-speed NLQ NLQ Width: Width: Font (Character inch) and to to to to to to Technical Specification Specifications
Specifications Printable or or (both when the to to used. or and or (right when the (1O) used. Technical or or or
or Envelope only the of the the of the to the of the or or L- I_ --II, (O.12) or Envelope Technical Specification Specifications or or
Specifications weight: thickness: Copy capacity: to including the thickness only with or and its thickness than or to the of 5C to 35C and to RH. Technical Specification Continuous Envelope: Envelope: to to to to to to N) Ns3 to to to to to to to to to to to to to to including the
Mechanical feeding Ribbon: MCBF: MTBF: head life: and 10M AC and Insulation chassis Friction (optional) tractor (optional) (optional) Cartridge ribbon, dots/character: characters head: hours Width: Depth: VAC VAC VAC Technical Specification Specifications
Specifications AC and chassis): Humidity: Technical withstand withstand Operation: Operation: Operation: Operation: than (without sheet (with +5C to -30C to +6OC to (without to (without to within to within to to to to
Interface Specifications with interface. optional interfaces, to their assignments the interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following Technical Specification
Interface Specifications Technical Specification
The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the These should shielded and connected to the chassis of the and the interface based TTL Both the and the of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. Interface The below shows the the interface. Technical Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications and The below shows the relationship or the line/off and the of the on/off characters, DC1 or DC3. While character and acknowledged that the another DC1 character, which would allow to Technical Specification
Option Specifications (optional) and capacity: capacity: MCBF: (W) (D) (H) (mounted the to of to of to of thickness should Operation: +5C to -30C to +6OC Operation: to (without to (without Technical to of to sheets of to sheets of
Option Specifications of (O.12")- or Technical Specification Width: Length: Thickness: +18C to +22C Humidity: to or or to to to to to to to to -or
There that the to the through the and through the software. These the following Software The below shows the that become when the initialized. Item Top of and right 1/6-inch Cleared Every characters VFU Font selection The SelecType The SelecType Character The DIP switch Justification effects Graphic assignment C C C C ESC ESC ESC ESC The turned The INIT the interface LOW). The software the ESC the command. Technical Specification
Also, the cleared when the turning the or INIT The character cleared when the with the software (ESC Technical Specification
Chapter Command Summary the Command Summary...... chart.... Commands Topic...... operation... motion........................................................................ motion.................................................................... and character Word processing.................................................................... Character characters......................................................... Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This chapter and the commands the The first of this chapter commands and the of the where each If know which the The Reference the of the of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The of this chapter and each separately; the commands the following motion motion and character Word Character characters Graphics Each section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command. These three and should easy to the to The section the of the command and information Command Summary
the chart information The type of consists of character to to the instance, to the ASCII SI OF This from the directly. More commands of or character to the the following: ASCII ESC 1B this or to or You of the following commands to ON from BASIC: LPRINT LPRINT the following commands that only or the the or and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC U, ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC s, ESC and ESC the Command Summary Command Summary
the Command Summary BASIC the with of these LPRINT LPRINT CHR chart O-27. The below the The that the the the the or the the and the to the that this and the other Command Summary Hex. 0A -0B 0C 0D Hex. 0E OF 1A 1B
The following shows and ESC (with their and and the where the found. ASCII Hex. BEL BS HT LF VT FF CR SO SI DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 CAN DEL ESC SO ESC SI ESC EM ESC ESC ESC 0A 0B 0C 0D 0E Backspace Feed.. Vertically.. Select Double-wide OF Select Select Double-wide 7F Character.. Select Double-wide 0E 0F Select Turn Sheet On/Off.. Select Select Characters Characters (NLQ Command Summary
Commands ASCII Hex. ESC 2A ESC 2D ESC 2F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 3A ESC ESC 3C 3F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 4A ESC 4B ESC 4C ESC 4D ESC 4E 4F ESC Command Summary Select Graphics Turn On/Off.. Select Select Spacing.. Select 7/72-inch Spacing.. Select Spacing.. n/216-inch Spacing Printable Characters Detection Detection.............. Copy ROM to RAM Select Unidirectional Reassign Graphics n/72-inch Spacing Emphasized Emphasized Select n/216-inch Select Graphics Select Graphics Select Perforation.. Perforation..
Hex. ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 5A ESC 5E ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 6B ESC 6C ESC ESC ESC ESC Select Right Margin.. Select International Character Select Turn Unidirectional On/Off. Turn Double-width Select High-Speed Graphics Select Graphics Select Graphics Select Near Quality Justification Select Family.. Margin Turn Character Select Near Quality or Commands Command Summary
Topic The following and the commands topics. the Reference Card-at the of this the of commands topic. ESC Format: ASCII ESC the and clears the the command. DC1 Select Format: ASCII the to the selected the (DC3). the switched to off the ON LINE Command Summary DC1
DC3 Format: ASCII the the (DC1) received. The reselected with the ON LINE Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following ON. turned OFF. Select Unidirectional ESC Format: ASCII ESC 3C normally bidirectional. This selects only. It The head to the and from to right. DC3 Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following turned ON. turned OFF. Text normally bidirectional. This selects Detection ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the when of Detection ESC Format: ASCII ESC the when of Command Summary
Turn On/Off ESC EM Format: ASCII ESC EM The following turned ON. turned OFF: The should the It other than or The ON/OFF of selected DIP switch BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic CR Format: CR ASCII 0D Prints the the and the to the DIP switch ON or the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW. CAN Format: CAN ASCII text the Character DEL Format: DEL ASCII 7F the character the Command Summary
motion FF Format: ASCII FF C Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. ESC C Format: C ASCII ESC the to the spacing. The of from The top of to the the DIP switch ESC C inches Format: ASCII ESC C the to inches. The of from The top of to the the DIP switch Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 4E The the of the and the first of the with the (1/6-inch), and ESC the LX-810 to and then DIP switch the function. This ESC and ESC C or ESC C The of from the DIP switch the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 4F the ESC N. Also, the DIP switch the Command Summary
LF Format: LF ASCII this commands received, the the and the the spacing. Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC the to of inch feed commands. The the character and ASCII Select 7/72-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC the to of inch commands. The the character and or ASCII Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic ESC Select 1/6-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC the to of inch commands. The the character and ASCII This the Select n/216-inch Spacing ESC Format: ESC ASCII the to of inch commands. The the character three and ASCII This the of from ESC n/72-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC the to of inch commands. The of from Command Summary
ESC n/216-inch Format: ASCII ESC 4A Advances the of inch. The of from this command and Vertically VT Format: ASCII VT Advances the to the If selected, the ESC Format: ASCII ESC to the spacing. affected spacing. The as from The character the of the command. ESC ESC B0 clears the Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC C C 2F C This to the with the of from VT commands the selected this command. Command
motion Margin ESC Format: ASCII ESC 6C the to the pitch. This clears previous and previous characters the lowercase the The the the of double-width character. ESC Bight Margin Format: ASCII ESC the right to the This clears and previous characters the The the the of character. Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic BS Backspace Format: ASCII BS Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, the The BS ESC or If this immediately graphics the of back to the which graphics started. ESC Format: ASCII ESC This command the or the of and text the to Command Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC Prints or without to of If feed HT Format: ASCII HT Advances the to the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows of to which as (from with the character terminating the command. ESC clears The or ESC characters. The the character Commands Topic Command Summary to
Commands Topic Select NLQ or ESC ESC ASCII The following Selects the Selects the Near Quality (NLQ) Select NLQ Font ESC ESC ASCII 6B This the Near Quality The following Command Summary
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Select of the following condensed, emphasized, and to the section selecting type with Select and character Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC Selects characters inch). This normally to Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 4D Select characters inch). Commands Topic Command
Commands Topic SI Format: ASCII Prints characters about of their the characters inch. NLQ condensed, and NLQ condensed. ESC SI Select Format: ASCII ESC SI 0F the SI command. DC2 Format: ASCII DC2 SI or ESC SI. Command Summary SI 0F
Format: ASCII Double-wide the of characters. This or DC4. ESC SO Format: ASCII ESC SO 0E the SO command. DC4 Format: ASCII DC4 selected SO or ESC SO, selected ESC or ESC SO 0E Commands Topic Select Double-wide Select Double-wide Double-wide Command
Commands Topic ESC Turn Double-wide On/Off Format: ASCII ESC The following The turned ON. The turned OFF. Double-wide the of characters. ESC Format: ASCII ESC each with the slightly to the right of the first. ESC Format: ASCII ESC emphasized, the selected ESC or ESC Command Summary Select Emphasized Emphasized
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC text each with the slightly below the first. high-speed and NLQ, the ESC Format: ASCII ESC off the selected ESC or ESC ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character Commands Topic Command Summary
Topic Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the height the of the character ESC Format: ASCII ESC either or ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC characters from the character to printed. This the Graphics character selected ESC or the DIP switch character graphics Command Summary
ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the selected ESC or ESC Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 2D The following ON. turned OFF. This including Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Word NLQ Justification ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes or when of the following received: CR, VT, LF, FF. The commands DEL, HT, BS, CAN, and ESC there within Justification NLQ only, Command
Character Select Character Table ESC Format: ASCII ESC Selects the character Selecting Graphics selected ESC The following Selects Selects Graphics. the function of DIP switch that the of or Select International Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following 9=Norway 0=USA II II America 3=UK Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the of through as characters, This allows the of these characters characters. the characters printed. ESC Format: ASCII ESC This caused through to treated as This the characters ESC Characters Format: ESC ASCII 1B This allows characters to the The and and (3A through 3F Command Summary
Characters (NLQ ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows characters to the NLQ The and and (3A through 3F Copy ROM RAM ESC Format: ASCII ESC 3A This the characters the ROM RAM that characters One of the NLQ the specified ESC Format: ASCII ESC ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the Command Summary
Graphics Chapter graphics the ESC graphics ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 4B eight-pin graphics The of ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 4C eight-pin low-speed graphics The of ESC Select High-speed Graphics Format: ASCII ESC high-speed graphics The of Command Summary
ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 5A eight-pin graphics inch). The of Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 2A graphics the below the The of Option ESC ESC ESC High-speed ESC I4 CRT CRT II this Command
Reassign Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 3F graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z), which reassigned to Select Graphics Format: ESC ASCII ESC 5E Graphics this command the of and The of This items each of Command Summary
Character A-2 character A-2 Graphics character A-3
Hex. NO. o C
Graphics character Character A-3
Character Characters the the ESC command to the then, the the found the of to and A-4
The following apply specifically to themselves this software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and this DIP switch, the the (CR) of the of Usually or bidirectional which the head to right, then the right to and the head both this increases the wasted GL-1
or which the of information or memory. of information consisting of (CR) The that the to the issued together with feed, the to the of the bidirectional the head actually to the character of numbers, and that with the characters character of the ASCII character that graphic or characters. Graphics character and characters inch of the of text characters. which each character of the of characters. actually characters inch. or spreadsheets the GL-2
that both perforated and to the characters, the ASCII includes other which These such as sounding the and or feed. characters inch. (CSF) optional, that single-sheet the troubleshooting the both the and the ASCII character each that Non- the ASCII of the or that when the turned or initialized. DIP switches switches the that and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP GL-3
graphics graphic of graphics. of which each or of of characters. character of the head; the the slightly below the Can which each character as as characters. One of three character quality. of characters. Each character of of the head; the the slightly to the right of the Graphics character The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. ESC to commands. GL-4
ESC/P The of commands software of from It and software computers. of type family normally to to both and that the to the top of the To completely the to their turning the or INIT This clears the input input The memory the which from the while to printed. interface The of the and interface and interface. GL-5
which the characters This Also, character that character and Both and that the The to which the loaded. It using the memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its memory This of frees the to other while the The memory the memory or input that the and tear-off the (NLQ) One of three Near reduces the and increases the of character to high-resolution characters. GL-6
Three commonly with and the and (This the and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and and the and information that ON or OFF. often and the to with the connected to switch the that when it with causing the PAPER OUT light to and informing the and that there loaded. The of the that fits the to interface interface that the and the interface character or interface. GL-7
The that the the of and (NLQ). high-speed, Near to polished optional that and through the tractor built-in that through the Access Memory. The of the memory as and as characters. RAM when the turned off. To completely the to their the ESC command. the however, clear the character from the input of the of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM Memory). interface interface interface. GL-8
tear-off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the This using the and slashed clearly distinguishing and when The of manually the first of the or the LOAD/EJECT the sheets. which each character about two-thirds of the height the of the character which each character about two-thirds of the height the of the character character with characters inch, pitch. This often the or spacing. The of the that through the the GL-9
character which each character slightly than that there characters inch the pitch. only. Allows than bidirectional graphics. characters Characters that and the the known as characters. GL-10
EPSON Reference
and Function The following reference. the reference Chapter included this reference to their complexity. those that such as ESC the right Chapter ASCII Hex. ESC DC1 Select DC3 ESC Turn On/Off ESC 3C Select Unidirectional ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Detection ESC Detection ESC EM Turn On/Off BEL ASCII Hex. CR 0D CAN DEL 7F Character Motion
Motion ASCII ESC ESC ESC and Character Word Processing ASCII ESC Hex. Select Near Quality or Select NLQ Font Select Hex. NLQ Justification
Character ASCII Hex. ESC Select Character ESC Selects International Character ESC Printable Characters ESC Charactera
DIP Switch DIP Switch DIP Switch
cover
EPSON AMERICA, INC. California EPSON Printed 89.03.S.5A