rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. each to and of the copyright when While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright and ESC/P and of Corporation. and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Concerning of Copyrighted CPD-21412R1
Introduction This covers the following information to the the Troubleshooting Product information information about to the Reference (which to when the software). It the optional products, software, troubleshooting, and technical specifications. the On-screen Reference information. please the following Notes information and about to to to such as cut-sheet or further the Reference information. You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Introduction
Introduction
the This chapter to and Unpacking the the following items. USB the protective from the as shown below, or and protective to the the the and other items and there than shown Ribbon software the
Choosing the the using or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or the outlet where easily the cord. the and interface they with feeding. switches or timers. information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. grounded Assembling the the turned off and the the USB to the back of the as shown below, then the
the the notches each with the the Then the and the slightly to the To the to the cover. First the cover the and then straight off the the
the from the and the counterclockwise to the ribbon. to the head to the of the then the as shown below and clicks or to the the head and the to or crease the ribbon. Then the ribbon-tightening to the the head
the cover and Connecting the the and the to as follows: the to the and to grounded the to USB, or interface as shown the following the
USB IEEE1284 and the screw. RS-232C You to interfaces the switches to the interface when the and the through the USB and firmly.
the Software the to to the software the CD-ROM that with The software includes the and which displays information and of the software information.) If New or other appears when and off the You the software that Follow these to the software and on-screen Reference that and that the connected to OFF. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM or DVD The appears: If the appear, the CD-ROM. Select Software and the and the
the following appears, the the software the Reference and To Product and Follow the on-screen instructions. to the installation. DOS To the from DOS to the using from the If the include the LX-300+II, choose the first from the following LX-300+ LX-300 LX-810/850 LX-800/860 FX-850 FX-860/800 the On-screen Reference To the Reference of the following: the LX-300+II Reference Click (or EPSON LX-300+II Reference LX-300+II Reference the JX-80 EX-800 FX
Chapter This chapter covers the instructions to and and such as and You the tractor the or the the to to switch and without the supply, or tearing off sheet-by-sheet. (Follow the instructions the section.) The with the tractor the the the or other that with the tractor instructions.) with the Follow these to the tractor: Turn off the the cover and the and the release to the
Unlock the the the the the the the (beneath the tractor). The to the right of the the back to Then the right to match the of the the the there the and the and that the with the straight.
clean, straight, leading Then the covers and the first of the the the covers. the right to the and To the incoming from the the and its notches the mounting as shown below. Then the the front of the click. the cover and Turn the the tractor, to the tear off the Press the LF/FF to feed the to the the automatically.
follow the the section to tear off If the first appears too high or too its the the top-of-form The back to the the Removing from the Follow these to the Press the Tear The to the tear-off and the Tear lights flashing. the cover, then tear off the the tear-off the If perforation properly with the tear-off the tear-off the the tear-off the cover. the the back to the top-of-form and the to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form
To feed to the where the first tear off sheets. Then the the covers the and the tear off the feeding Switching and sheets If to switch to while the tractor follow these Tear off Press the to the to the the release back to the Follow the instructions to To switch back to follow these Press the to the the release to the Press the LF/FF to the the tractor. tear off the feeding
with the To the tractor, the tractor to the as below. If already this the turned off and to Turn off the then the cover and the the the and of the the release to the To the tractor from the the both and then the to from the
the tractor the mounting the top of the as shown below, and back Unlock the the the the as shown below, and the the the as to the right of the the
the its with the the and the to the Then the right to match the of the the clean, straight leading the covers. the first of the the and then the covers. the right to the and then the from the back. To the incoming from the the it and its notches the mounting Then the the back of the click. Turn the to the The perforation should the head. the cover
Turn the the tear off the to otherwise, the information.) the automatically. If to the where the the LF/FF to the to the top-of-form and then the section to the To the tear off the the then the LF/FF to the the top-of-form The top-of-form the the where the If appears too high or too the the to the top-of-form the feed to the top-of-form this the or to the top-of-form the turned and loaded. the cover. the about three seconds. The and the light flashing as the
Press the LF/FF to the top-of-form higher the or the Load/Eject to the top-of-form the The and top-of-form If to these the and the the reaches the top-of-form the and the You the as reference when the top-of-form the top-of-form the to the top-of-form off the The top software the top-of-form with the If necessary, the top-of-form software. If to the top-of-form the instructions.
Advancing to the tear-off the tractor the tear-off to to the tear-off when You then easily tear off the the the back to the top-of-form the normally You the tear-off Manually, the Tear Automatically, turning the tear off function the Tear the finishes that the Tear lights flashing. Then the Tear The the to the tear-off If the Tear lights flashing, the the tear-off If the Tear the to the top-of-form Advancing to the tear-off To to the tear-off to the tear off and the instructions, the tear off the the to the tear-off whenever of or feed command
the tear-off If perforation with the tear-off the to the perforation to the tear-off Follow these to the tear-off the Tear lights flashing (the the tear-off You to the Tear to the to the tear-off the cover. the about three seconds. The and the light to as the Press the LF/FF to feed the backward, or the to feed the the perforation with the tear-off the The and tear-off If to the tear-off these the and the the tear-off the to Tear off the Tear-off
the the back to the top-of-form and tear-off off the (If to the tear-off the instructions.) You sheets of the single-sheet or other the thickness to the To of single-sheet the optional cut-sheet the Reference information. You the to single-sheet that the top the bound first and Follow these to If the tractor, the to back to the
the release back to the single-sheet and the the upright as shown below. the the Then the right to match the of of the The the the If the than the three each the and the
With the LX-300+II, of types, including and thicker-than-normal or software the within the the of these the head. the thickness to the thickness correctly the type of Follow these Turn off the or the cover. The thickness the of the
The to the the thickness the below to the thickness. type or 5-sheet or the cover. Turn the You or single-sheet of to four Follow these the thickness to the that or or single-sheet that the top. the glued-edge-first the that wrinkled. If to the software or the as the top-of-form the with the If this the should than inch from of the
To the tractor. the following the thickness to the Choose mounted with as sheets, the the to slightly. the ordinary instructions. to and humidity, them only operating the they around the and when To the from the tear off the fresh supply the back of the then the LF/FF to the of the through the they easily off the sheet and the You individually using the the following the thickness to the To follow the the wide-edge-first, the and the and the within the The head the or right of the or other thick Its to using of
Chapter the The buttons and lights the and feeding and Select built-in the and Lights Tear lights when the tear-off otherwise, the lights the selected Tear Advances to the tear-off from the tear-off to the top-of-form selects of the built-in the
LF/FF when and released. Ejects or to the top-of-form when the top-of-form and tear-off of Ejects of from the to the the top-of-form and tear-off temporarily, and when three seconds, To off, light On when the selected or when correctly. when or the light On when the when the Flashes when the head overheated. the
Selecting Font It to to the to to of the built-in the the as below. (The usually from the Follow these to the to built-in that the the three seconds to The light to and the Tear lights the selection. Press the Tear repeatedly to through the and when the lights the the selection the
the While often the through software or to or of the from the the The below the and Reference inches: perforation On, tear off On, feed On, Software ESC/P IBM On, High On I/F (interface) USB I/F seconds seconds BPS Parity I/F bidirectional Character Italic, PC PC PC PC PC PC BRASCII, ISO PC ISO International character feed second, seconds seconds, seconds On CR IBM PPDS Table IBM character the On U.S.A. Germany, U.K., Italy, On,
Follow the below to If to of each the and the off. the Tear and then the The and instructions selecting the The indicated which lights English, the light If the LF/FF the lights the Press the Tear to of the If the correct, off the to If to to Press the Tear The instructions the Press the LF/FF to through the options the selected the Then the Tear to the to off the to them or the Restoring the If to the factory off the Then the LF/FF and while the the
the
Chapter Troubleshooting This chapter the and to clear and troubleshooting information, the Reference If the using the information the Where To the the following to Light The from another currently the path. the selected The correctly. the Press the to the release to the or sheets) and the to clear the from the path. Then the to the to Press the to off the light, necessary. the Then the to off the light, necessary. and Then the to turn off the light, necessary. Turn off the the cover, tear off the and the to the Troubleshooting
Light The head overheated. the lights the flashing of (three of The once when the function Troubleshooting back to the Tear off the the perforation; then the The the to the Press the to off the light, necessary. of ejected. Press the to the Then the to off the light, necessary. the Clear the as the section. the once the head cooled. occurred. Turn off the and off then the If the
Clearing If becomes the follow these to Turn off the (or the cover, and the If the tear off the fresh the perforation the Gently the including torn You the the right of the to the the cover and and the the light flashing and the light off. If the to whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the caused or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the the Reference to the You the sheets or that least inches the to clear when the off. the or the top-of-form or tear-off Troubleshooting
and the turned off. To the using the while holding the LF/FF To the the the while the (Either the of the seconds, the the of characters). To temporarily the the To the To the the to If the the LF/FF to the Then off the turn off the while the the to and the LF/FF to the off the Troubleshooting
Where To If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information, the information below. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product LX-300+II) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or apply. Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting
Chapter Product Information This chapter information about including the instructions and warranty. Information of these instructions using the follow and instructions the Instructions the or or heat the It properly or or cover the and the and through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the outlet the This the head and other to that they those the used. them cool touching them. Product Information
the cleaning and with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Product Information
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the users This Class of the Interface Causing Regulations. toutes Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Located Inc. MS Airport CA Telephone: Product Information
responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: P170B Inc., Warranty What Covered: Inc., warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the warranty service, of the of purchase. Product Information
What To Correct Should the warranty please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer You the to the service location. its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty This warranty cover ribbons or third or peripheral to the its from boards, chips or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or service, incurred. Product Information
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC., NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA Product Information