Unpack (Included only) If as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. only: French from the and text the protective Turn the the to Press the On Select You the that appears LCD from English to Spanish, or Press or to to then the then the cover. the or then them. only the from each other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the the Then the and the right and the with the Dont the first. the
Unpack (Included only) If as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. French from the and only: text the protective the to Press the On Select You the that appears LCD from English to Spanish, or Press or to to then the then the cover. the or then them. Turn the the yellow from each other or the the the each Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the to the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the the Then the and the right and the with the Dont the first. the
Select You the that appears LCD from English to French, Spanish, or Press or to to then the then the cover. the or then them. only the yellow from each other or the the the each Unpack (Included only) If as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. French from the and only: text the protective Turn the the to Press the On Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while it charging or the and the the the and the the the Then the and the right and the with the Dont the first. the
Press each clicks. the cover. Press clicks. the Press the to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the Select You the that appears LCD from English to Spanish, or Press or to to then the then the cover. the or then them. the from each other or the the the each Unpack (Included only) If as the back. The of slightly from the shown The included CD and apply to products the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. French from the and only: text the protective Turn the the to Press the On the Then the and the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the
software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS and the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the NX210 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this the first option and then Next the connected to through If using the option, Next then to prompted, USB USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. to and or on-screen Information instructions. the NOT CONNECTED to the NX210 software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If OS to If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. ready to and or Information instructions. Turn on/off LCD instructions copying, and scanning. On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Copy or from memory offers of to information. from sheet Scan or Select of smooth, heavy-weight and professional brochures. Select and type High gloss, to or Black and service of Corporation. DURABrite of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27329 the to the right and with when purchasing Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as High- NX210 Cartridges High-capacity capacity Black
software with to NOT CONNECTED the If New and the USB You cant software that the NX210 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click this the first option and then Next the connected to through If using the option, then to Next prompted, USB USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to and instructions. Information software the NOT CONNECTED to XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS and the NX210 software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, USB USB the securely and turned If using OS to If using OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. ready to and or Information instructions. Turn on/off LCD instructions copying, and scanning. On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Copy or photo from memory offers of to information. from Scan or Select of smooth, heavy-weight and professional brochures. Select and type High to or the below to Its as easy as capacity Black and service of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27329 the to the right and with when purchasing Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX High- capacity NX210 Cartridges High-capacity Black
to NOT CONNECTED the XP, XP Professional Edition, and the NX210 software CD. Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely and turned If using OS to If using OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or ready to and instructions. Information software software with and OS to NOT CONNECTED the If Found New and the USB You cant software that the NX210 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account and follow the instructions. Click Next this the first option and then the to through If the option, then to Next prompted, USB USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to and instructions. Information Turn on/off Copy or from memory from Scan or LCD Select of Select and type instructions copying, and scanning. On-screen Information Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software or when using software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. smooth, heavy-weight and professional brochures. High to or the below to Its as easy as Black and service of Corporation. DURABrite of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27329 the to the right and with when purchasing NX210 Cartridges Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX High- High-capacity
Turn on/off LCD instructions copying, and scanning. Information On-screen Click the shortcut easy to troubleshooting and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software when software. or Select Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to to AM (U.S.) or PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. to NOT CONNECTED the the NX210 software CD. Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click prompted, USB USB the securely connected and turned If OS to If OS or with the this Follow the the right of the to the necessary. Next Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. or on-screen ready to and instructions. Information software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS and NOT CONNECTED the to If New and the USB You cant software that the NX210 software CD. With the SETUP.EXE the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click this the first option and then Next the connected to through If the option, then to Next prompted, USB USB If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. to and or on-screen instructions. Information and with professional the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Copy or from memory offers of to information. from Scan or photo of smooth, heavy-weight and professional brochures. Select and type High to or the below to Its as easy as High- Black and service of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27329 the to the right and with when purchasing NX210 Cartridges High-capacity Black Printed XXXXXX Printed XXXXXX