NPD4706-00 EN
and Other What services that allow to and from anywhere. You and or from home, office, or anywhere the world. If to the as You to and to such as or account. the from the following URL: The following services and from anywhere Scan to (Scan and to (A wireless or smartphones and Remote the services the used. Information services updated. services or the information, You to the to the services. The following section summary of each service. and Other
On the account and information, and or notifications. Access the from smartphone, or to the Access the from the following URL: and account to the following from the the printer(s) the service and and the Remote service Creating and editing the the service Editing information the account and the service and Remote and Access the Remote service Creating and the Destination the Scan to service If to services or Remote to that Remote the If to the Scan to service, to Destination Creating Destination the Scan to service and Other
Compatible that such as computers, smartphones, and that connected to the wireless or wired and that to the service. Devices that to the Compatible Word PDF, JPEG, BMP, GIF, PNG, TIFF You text from the of or or from that while to home. and Other and account to the service, assigned to to with anywhere the world, from or and attached Microsoft Office and whether to the or the other of the
to with attached to familys Scan to connected to the wireless or wired and that to the service. the Scan to of the Destination the Compatible PDF and Other You to that specified the to with Scan to that connected to the to this service as service. You to services other such as or to account and to these services).
as service You the and Scan to services to service. handouts to Scan and handouts as to the services. to the Scan and to the Service, to the Compatible that or such as smartphones and and Other You and connected to wireless from smartphone or You and to them as or to service such as Dropbox, and If Print, the to remotely.
and the to which the connected. The following the relationship the and Network and functions the operating and the used. connected to the the though the Item and Connected to the Operations Network the the Y* the Remote Scanning from the the Compatible and OS types. PDF and JPEG through Other the The of updated. the information. Item and Connected to the Remote Network the PDF Word Y* Y* and Other to Can to service Attached to from from
JPEG PNG BMP GIF TIFF The required. and and without or to or service Scan to or to service such as and Dropbox. Attaching to Scan to and then to handouts office from location handouts to service, from anywhere. You such as type, and quality, as as preview. Remote only) and Other You the from office. or as the connected to
Compatible that connected to the wireless or wired (Ethernet) and that to the service. Devices that to the Compatible Applications with such as Word, and handouts handouts office the To Remote Print, the the Other Network other services the used. to which services and Other allows to the from smartphone or with or accounts and other You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or and the with others. about Print, the
Compatible that to the and to the using account, such as computers, smartphones, or that connected to the wireless or wired and that to the service. Devices that to the Compatible that from Chrome from that about types, the and from anywhere. If Chrome and Print. and Other
Compatible iPhone (3GS or or the of to Devices connected to the as the Compatible that that that it easily with and Other to and straight from iPhone, or You to software, or With from something to holding about AirPrint, the Apple
the Services To the services and other services, to first from You the services from using the the software the the software Connecting to and Information Scan to Scan to Destination service that the to the the Services with the software account and to the service. that connected to the with or Ethernet to the If to to to the that the The following recommended to the or Recommended or to the that from Follow the instructions the to and the used, straight the If follow the on-screen instructions. Connecting to Next, the to account and If straight the that the
Select Services from the If straight the follow the below. software the Click the displayed, the to and then Next Click Next C Click Automatically search the and Next The displayed. Select and then Next and then OK when the displayed. The to the service Click when the user account displayed. If account, the service. the Services Follow the on-screen instructions to account information. information, Creating account information printed from the and to Click and the automatically. You the service. OS Download Double-click HD Applications Software Download then the Download If the Download from software the displayed, and C the and then follow the on-screen instructions. Double-click HD Applications Software and then Automatically search Select the and Next The displayed. Select and then Next and then OK when the screen displayed. The to the service
Click when the user account displayed. If account, the service. Follow the on-screen instructions to account information. information, Creating account information from the and to Click and the automatically. You the service. Creating account You to account to the first Click The as OS X: The as OS X the Services account information. C finished account information, If the Scan to service, to Creating Destination the Scan to service Information to to The following each You and the This ID to Confirm the to the services. The of and of characters. the to (confirmation) there Select the to the and notifications. Country Select the country or which the located. the to there the
Select the which the located. Format Select the to Creating Destination the Scan to service To the Scan to service, to to the Destination the account, the Click the right of to The to the If the to from the C Select Destination Scan to from the the Click and the and the the Destination and then OK. as necessary. that of the Destination You the Scan to service. the Remote service To allow users to the the Select to the of and The displayed Daylight Daylight to the the selected This to the the the Services information Remote Print: iPrint: the (Remote Print) Remote only): Remote only) service computers. to the Remote from the the of the C that Remote Print Select Remote Print selected. If to allow specified to and then them the Click Apply Click the and of the without the software only) You the following to the the software CD/DVD The following recommended to the or Recommended or that the Access and or (The these or country.)
Follow the on-screen instructions to the and then to the Continuously to the section and account and You the following to to the service. The following recommended to the or Recommended or Turn the the and then follow the on-screen instructions. Click and then OS X: HD Applications Software and then If the Download using of the following options, and then From Software Click Software From the following URL: C Click when the account displayed. If to the first the Services Follow the on-screen instructions. information from the and to Click and the automatically. You the service. You the service using the and To the and IP as shown below. IP (without the You IP of the following information the the with The the The The
to the that from Follow the instructions the to and account and to the service. Turn the the To To C Click and then follow the instructions to the firmware. Click Services the Services Click when the account displayed. Follow the on-screen instructions to account information. to Scan to or Remote Print, the URL to the information these services, Creating Destination the Scan to service or the Remote service from Smartphone or You the services from smartphone or without to account and the information printed. If the service.
the Download and Connecting to and user information from Scan to Scan to Destination Remote service that You the service the to Follow the to the the to the from the information the the account and from the to the the Services Turn the the To To and then follow the instructions to the firmware. C Services The displayed.
The displayed. Service Terms and Conditions and the information displayed. Select and then Next The to the service the Services and then OK when the following displayed. when the account displayed.
account information, then information about that to Creating account If to Scan to or Remote Print, the URL to the and then Creating Destination the Scan to service To the Scan to service, to the information the Destination Creating Destination the Scan to service the Services the service the function, to Remote the information the Remote service allows to from anywhere the To this service, to to Print. Print, which allows to without or account first, and then this service from The of this section information about Print, the Creating account You to account to Print. If already account, to If account, follow the below. to Click or C Click or SIGN UP the the and then follow the on-screen instructions.
creating account, to to Print. to account. to then or the and and then click or C To and then follow the instructions to the Click or Services Click or Click or Advisory and and then or Next displayed. Click or OK to the If the the If already account, that account. If account. Creating account Click or the information from the You Print. the Services
the Services Services This section to the services. services the used. to which services To country/region, and then the bottom-right of the On the the of the the information. Once created account and the information the operations each the the and then the the To the following from or and then the and If the of Therefore, recommended the of the to the or of from that the recorded. about creating the of https:// www.epsonconnect.com/user/ Scan to To the Scan to service, to the If Destination the Scan to service. the Services functions The following functions the functions the the printer(s) and and Remote You and that to the and these Creating and the You and that that allowed to to the Editing information the account and the service You such as and and service You or the and the service. You the or to the of the and the of the Remote and Access the Remote service. Creating and editing the Destination the Scan to service You and the of that to and to. You to from that such as smartphone, or You from smartphone, or
and the or to Text the of the from the You whether or to the of the the the and You the of the following On the information when completed the On the the On the LCD On the or the information the and the the with the Notes when the following when than the To, or security only that to You You to of MB including the of the The following supported. Word PDF, JPEG, GIF, BMP, PNG, TIFF the of the printed. printed. the Services Short Services (SMS) to supported. You If already started, the from the You from the From Press the The and location of the the with From the to the and from the to the If the to from the
Select from the the C The displayed. Click or the the to the canceled. and the the allow trusted to and The to the If the to from the Select from the the Select (Recommended) C the Services Click or or from (username) If to that or If to that from from If the or that to If from the from the to the from that the include You from from Click or that the the and then or Apply If to or the the to from the and then or Apply If to the to this and then or Apply
to each to the If the to from the Select from the the C the to the used. Click or Apply This the received. Scan to You as to previously from the to the and as the Services the the Scan to service supported. to the Scan to service Creating the Destination You to to the Destination the to the Scan to service. information the Destination Creating Destination the Scan to service the This section to originals and The screen displays from the instructions the Turn the and that connected to the the to the the LCD information about the the with the You to and account to the service, and then to Destination Creating Destination the Scan to service Scan from the or the Scan to Scan
Select Scan to from the Scan C Select the where to Press (or OK the to the used. the original(s) to the or ADF, and then the to the the Services Checking the Scan You the to the If the to from the Select Scan Scan to from the the You the to which the and the About to this service as service. You to services such as or You and connected to wireless from smartphone or You and the to as or to service. If Print, the to remotely.
Download and from the or from This free and searching iPrint. and and to connected to the as smartphone or If the from the and to service. to iPrint. iPrint. C of that currently connected to the of that the that to The to the If the unexpectedly or and to or the head, or Head Cleaning the and follow the instructions. or the Scan the Services or the and Scan that the of the selected displayed. If displayed, and or and the If displayed, follow the below. and then the selected Press the Scan and then the selected You the to and then Next If to Next C Selected displayed. to
to the or the and Select the and then the the to Follow the below to or the Press and to or the and then New to C The selected displayed. or the and Select the and then to services such as Dropbox, If to this function, account the service to You to to the from the to which connected. to displayed or the Services Select the service from the displayed services. the top-right and with account. displayed. C Select the to The selected and displayed. or the and the and then that browsing. You to to the from the to which connected. the URL the to The displayed. C or the and The displayed. or the and Select the and then
Scan Scan to from that iPrint. You or to service. the the Scan C or the and Select the and then Scan scanning to the Select what to with the You to or service. only): to to with services to services. with attached. the (Remote Print) If the service, the Remote function iPrint. You to the following Remote Print. The that to to the the Services Remote You to the iPrint. iPrint. the Remote C the You the of the following On the information sheet when completed the On the the If the of the and know the the of the If the the and then If know the the owner of the the Remote function iPrint. the connected to or office to the 3G). iPrint.
C Select and or that to from each the information the each section or the and The the following that currently connected to that Remote and the the and then Checking and You the C Remote and then the which to the history to the from Remote the To the the Services Remote only) the from connected to the To Remote the to that information Remote the service the Remote and Download and the Download from the following URL: wrdriver/ Double-click of Remote C Select EPSON and then OK the and then OK The displayed.
the You the of the following On the information when completed the On the the If the of the and the the of the Click OK If the displayed. the and then OK If the the of the with the to from the C Select Remote as the Select Property and then information about the the Services to the or the of the the following received You the to the to the If the to from the Select Services from the the C Select the to Click or Apply The
to the of the You the of the the If the the the of the or to which to notifications. If the the the to Click or Apply If from the to the of the Other Network Services You the that Print. You this service from or the Services The of this section information about Print, the from The following of to from Chrome. You Chrome from the Chrome, and then to the Click C Account and then the to
Click The screen displayed. Select with as the Destination Click of the to displayed. Select Click from smartphone or The following of to from smartphone or the smartphone or and then the the top right, and then the Services C the and and then ID displayed the location as the Smartphones ID. Select from the top of the If to from smartphone, the built-in to the smartphones. Select the to Printer(s) to displayed. Select to the the and then the and You the with other accounts and the Accessing the to and or account and and then or C Click or the displayed the top-right of the and then Account Click or Products Click or and then
Click or of the to displayed. the Select the to Click or C of with to the displayed. The the the with which to the Click or Click or The and from other accounts. Checking Select Click or The of displayed. The following of to from The of Apple this section information about AirPrint, the Apple and the to the Services C and then the Once the detected, to the the to the Press to the of and then To AirPrint, the to wireless or wired or to with If to or with the You to To C the following Service this the The Location this information to the the location of the This Top Priority this allows to the top This to IPP or
OK Services You services when when to from the service). Services from the the or Services that where from. From the You the following services: and Remote Print. If the service from the received and to the of the to the If the to from the from the the Click or Service C suspended. To Print, or Service from Remote If the Remote service, the following services. Remote from from smartphone or the Services to the If the to from the Select Remote from the the C Clear Remote Click or Apply Remote suspended. From If the services or the service from the or from of the services. received, and the service. These reaching the of hours the received. From the the services or the service from the The displays from the instructions the
Turn the and that connected to the the connected to the the LCD information about the the with the from the or the to C Select the service Services or Services that to Select the Services Select when the displayed. The displayed. The or service suspended. To the services, from the Services or Services From the services or the service from the To Click or Services or Services C Click or The screen displayed. The or service suspended. the Account To account, first to from the services.
You from the services using from or the services from the From the and then follow the on-screen instructions. Click and then OS X: Double-click HD Applications Software and then If the Download of the following options, and then From Software Click Software From the following URL: Select the that to from the services, and then Next C Select and then Next Click OK Click If to another Another and then follow the on-screen instructions. the Services From the To from the each service. The displays from the instructions the the network to their factory from the information about the services and the service the to to the Turn the and that connected to the the connected to the displayed the LCD information about the network the with the from the or the to C Select the service Services or Services that to
Select when the displayed. The with the Select OK and to the from the or service. the Services From You from the To Click or Services or Services C Click or Click or OK when the displayed. The displayed. from the or service. the account Once from the service, account. Follow these to account: to the and then or Account Information the top right. Click or Account Click or C Click or OK when the displayed. account from the service.
Notes or of the information to the and the assigned to the service. or of the that information. information the Network information and telephone to the that the information following the information the service If the service, when or of the If the and the used, the This information to to third party. The Scan to Destination the Services
Troubleshooting Restrictions The following apply to the and services. The through than XMPP to Checking The following features the of You the of to the service the the Notifications to the Notifications the the service the of the when information to the owner, to the owner Notifications to the Notifications the the service the of the when information to the of to the of the Troubleshooting The following from received, the to the rejected to the The the the to the and then the information the and the Approved Notifications the the the of the when this More than the To, or security with Notifications the the the of the when this too The combined of the and the attachment(s) the The and attachment(s) MB. Notifications the the the of the when this Too attachments: The of attached to the the The of attachment(s) Notifications the the the of the when this Too The of the the The of or them to Notifications the the the of the when this
The the service: The the service the Notifications the the the of the when this The service The service while, and then try the account to the service If account closed the the from the service, and then text or attachment(s) The following from printed, the received. that to the There that to the You to the to PDF Compatible types There nothing to printed: There nothing to the the following, and then the The the of the or the attachment(s). The the attachment(s) There the attached to of when the exceeded. The hours. Notifications the the the when this Troubleshooting The The from the the owner. The from the The ready the and then clear off occurred to the information operations, the to this to the service. information, The through or supported. the that through The connected to the the the to the to or the to which the connected. the following or Recommended or with You the from the and information operations, the
Scan to The Destination the Scan to service, to Destination the Scan to the Destination from the information the Destination Creating Destination the Scan to service the to the that the to that to the You Scan to the network to the The connected to You this function that only If the and this function from the Scan to as that the service directly. The Scan to displayed that the the Scan to service. You each service from If the though the with this function, the to updated. Click or and then follow the on-screen instructions to and the firmware. Troubleshooting The found the The or the wireless router off: that the and the wireless router and connected to the The connected: that the connected to the The and the the that the wireless LAN (SSID) that the connected to as the searches that the If the wireless router (the the connected to another (SSID). the the the containing to the that the containing connected to the The to the Remote function the the that to information the Remote iPrint the this function, to Remote the information the Remote service Connecting restricted to to the service. information,
The connected to You this function that If the and this function Office Office when directly through the the to PDF or the information or too If another or the while or using iPrint, or or or when becomes active and the If prohibited or characters (such as the the to the when without The or the wireless router off: that the and the wireless router and connected to the and that the normally. Also, that the to which the using Remote connected normally. Connecting using restricted to to the service. information, Troubleshooting The connected to You this function that If the and this function the operation this Remote only. The following operating supported. XP to or the to which the connected. the following or Recommended or Other Network Services information and the the information the or The service updated. this to the firmware.
Select from and then that the the firmware The appear the The You to the to the service information the Print The shared. You to the to from account that to the that the account or the owner of the information the the and The or the wireless router off: that the and the wireless router and connected to the and that the normally. The service turned off the or the connected to the service. the the You the the or the network information the or the the with the The with this service: You only from that Print. to from that to the that or or through browser, and then the the Troubleshooting The connected to You this function that If the and this function Connecting using restricted to to the service. information, The found The with this function: that the The that the and the wireless router and to the and that the normally. The and the the that the and the connected to the You from The AirPrint: You from that AirPrint.
The service the following XP, XP OS or iPhone or Touch with or or with or iPhone iPhone 3G, iPhone 3GS, Touch or OS or Computer: or or Firefox or Chrome or or Firefox or or Network connected to or Wired LAN connected to LAN router (or that to the Recommended or Recommended or Copyrights Microsoft and of the Microsoft Corporation. OS, and of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other and the of Apple Inc. or of the and of Inc. Notice: Other and the of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights