NX330 Small-in-One these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn and the then the to the back of the and to to the then the If to the the release the without first the release or the Select To English as OK If to the or to then OK You the the information, the Dont the the or then them. the from each Dont other or the the the each and each clicks. the Press OK to the about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while or this LCD the OK with the instructions the following sections to and software. the the necessary. Then the and back slightly. the then the 1-F C 1-F the to the the right and the with the inch inch Dont the sideways; first. the the of the the back. 1-F 1-F
NX330 Small-in-One these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn and the then the to the back of the and to to the then the If to the the release the without first the release or the the Select OK as English To Press OK to the about with and of the from the first the If to the or to OK then Dont off the while or You the the information, the this LCD the OK with the instructions the following sections to and software. Dont the the the or then them. the necessary. Then the and back slightly. the from each the then the Dont other or the the the each and each clicks. 1-F C 1-F the to the the right and the with the inch inch Dont the first. the the of the the back. 1-F 1-F
software If CD/DVD the software from the information, technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the necessary. Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the section this information. Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions options Wireless You the software every from which to the installation, USB included) to wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the buttons the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). If below: Network the right If Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Press or to through characters. Press to switch ABC lowercase or Press to to the character, and to character. nished, OK The Press to from to with USB securely connected as shown: instructions copying, scanning, and troubleshooting. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the technical On-screen with software Select or when software. technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products 1-B C 1-B and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Heavyweight, and business the below to Its as easy as NX330 High-capacity Black and and of Corporation. and Small-in-One of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34170R1 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
options necessary. software If CD/DVD the software from the information, technical to other including and protection software, this software to NOT CONNECTED the If New and the USB You cant software that the CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the X: OS OS X) and follow or Click the instructions the Select the section this or Next information. Then OS X) and follow the instructions to with USB Wireless securely as shown: You the software every from which to the installation, USB included) to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the buttons the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and instructions copying, scanning, and troubleshooting. Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the technical If below: Network the right Unblock If to Allow or If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If or lowercase ABC them correctly. On-screen with software Select or when software. technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: Press or to through characters. Press to switch lowercase ABC or Press to to the character, and to U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM character. AM to PM through OK nished, The and hours of to without or charges apply. Press to from Recycling offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products 1-B C 1-B and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. Heavyweight, and business the below to Its as easy as NX330 High-capacity Black and DURABrite and of Corporation. and Small-in-One of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34170R1 Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B