Unit English XXXXXXX-XX XXX-00
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, This conforms to CE with EC Directive 89/336/EEC. EG- 89/336/EWG. CE 89/336/EEC. CE, 89/336/EEC CE. CE EC 89/336/EEC. CE Directiva 89/336/EEC.
English Instructions instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or heat the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. the off the of the injury. that the securely Incorrect the to and the while or clothing become caught the and directly the Doing United users of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON products or EPSON products (UK) Limited. and to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of the
Checking the that the items shown below included and protective with this and the and protective to the (with inch) Screws the Unit the screws when the of screws insecurely increasing the of and that the turned off. the or the front of the to the to of the
the the the as shown below. Tighten the screws to the to the securely. the the top of the of the then the screws both of the the other of the the the back of the as shown below, then the screws both of the the Turn the to the to release While holding the the the of the the of the the the off. Tighten the screws to the to the
the The shown below. Light Connector Light the light the of the and then with screw. the light the and then with screw. the of the the located the top of the the the the provided. as of the as to the to this from the back of the
the 3-inch If to 2-inch instead, the section instructions. the from that the released to the the to the of the of the the the the the the other of the Turn the to the front to the The of the 3-inch 2-inch If to the 2-inch to the the and first. Follow the below. that off. the and from the
the the that the the then the the and which the the from the Next, the the that the the then the the which back the the 2-inch the the as the 3-inch
the from as as the and the following: If the or as that there the and the the and To 36-inch inch To inch 46-inch (The optional Core [C815091] 44-inch purchase. of the the shown below. of the as related to the of the shown below. of least the and the right and of the otherwise the wound with the properly. least) least) The of the Unit the the Reference Specifications This with P260 (A, or C) This conforms to CE with EC Directive 898/336/EEC. than 2-inch or 3-inch with the top the uprights of the rotation supply AC V/28 Rated A/2 Unit to 35C (without Humidity: to (without
Printed