NX300/305 these instructions Unpack USB the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn the to Press the On Stop/ Clear Press or to then OK Press or to country or then OK Press or to Daylight and currently (DST effective from through to off the Press OK Press or to the then OK the to the then OK Press or to 12-hour or 24-hour then OK the to the If chose 12-hour or to AM or PM Press OK the the cover. the then them. the yellow from each Dont other from the the the each Press each it clicks. the cover and clicks. the Press the OK to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the and it to the the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the
NX300/305 Press or to then OK Press or to country or then OK Press or Daylight to and currently (DST effective from through to off the OK Press USB Press or to the then OK the to the then OK Press or to 12-hour or 24-hour OK then the to the If chose 12-hour or to PM or AM OK Press the the cover. these instructions using Unpack the ready to the Cartridges to reliability. protective Turn the to Press the On the then them. Stop/ Clear only the yellow from each Dont other from the the the each Press each clicks. the and clicks. the Press the OK to charge the Charging about with and of the from the first the Dont off the while charging or the and the the the and the the and to the the right and the with the Dont the sideways; first. the
software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the NX300/305 software CD. If the SETUP.EXE If Account or Double-click the necessary. Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, the USB USB the turned X10.4only: this Follow the the right of the to Click Next to necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. Turn on/off LCD Clear the using Stop/ Clear Copy/Fax Select Copy or or (B&W or instructions copying, and faxing. Click the shortcut to the how-to software downloads, SM and Technical to or You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. to Software Technical ABBYY Backspace One-touch buttons and with DURABrite professional You purchase them from www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. smooth, heavy-weight and professional brochures. the below to Its that easy! Black and and service of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27759 Printed XXXXXX High capacity
prompted, the USB USB the turned this X10.4only: Follow the the right of Next the to Click to necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software and the CD. necessary. Turn on/off Copy/Fax Select Copy or software to NOT CONNECTED the If New and the USB You cant software that the NX300/305 software CD. If the If Account SETUP.EXE or Double-click the and follow the instructions. Click instructions copying, scanning, and faxing. Click the shortcut to the how-to software downloads, SM and Technical to or You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. LCD Clear the using to Software Technical ABBYY Stop/ Clear Backspace or (B&W or One-touch and with DURABrite professional You purchase them from www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of to information. smooth, heavy-weight and professional brochures. the below to Its that easy! High Black and and service of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-27759 Printed XXXXXX capacity