P600
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations The and and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights The Touch Touch the Screen Brightness topic: Product
The Touch The light The The The back The The and arrow buttons topic: the displays when loaded; displays when the the type the the Ejects
topic: the the the Black selected. Black selected. the of the Wired or wireless established. established. The of the strength. established. Direct established. AP established.
selected (displays selected (displays selected (displays CD/DVD selected (displays selected (displays Thick to On topic: The Touch You the of the to to access. or to the as shown.
Touch the Brightness topic: the You the the Press the necessary. Press the You this: Select Administration the necessary. Select Common Press the arrow and Select topic: the You the brightness of the LCD Press the necessary. Press the
Product Locations You this: Select Administration the necessary. Select Common Select LCD Brightness the or right arrows to the brightness. Select OK to topic: the these sections to the Product Product Product topic: Product
Product cover cover feed Edge and
Product CD topic: Product Locations cover head topic: Product Locations
Product The and AC USB LAN feed Rear and topic: Product Locations The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency.
the from the the from the the from the the the OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the necessary. Press the You this: Select Administration Select Common Select Select the of which the to turn off when topic: The and
the from the the You the to the the Press the necessary. Press the You this: Select Administration Select Common Select or to the the to Then OK topic: The and You the software to the the off automatically. Access the right-click the the and Click the and and Option Information
the OS You this the the of which the to off when Click the selected as the OK topic: The and You the software to the the off automatically. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
and More You this Select the of which the to off when as the Click Apply the topic: The and You and from or office. You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: and Remote Print. the Remote topic: Product
the Remote this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired With Remote software or to anywhere the world. the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this the command and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics or Wired
wireless from iPhone, and with the of and with the of OS X. If AirPrint. the below to the necessary. wireless the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related topics or Wired Loading With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or network the below. and connected to the the to the network that
Chromebook IP the the IP the of browser. Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Chromebook without or the below. connected to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as connecting to
of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from iPhone, or phone with access. information Print, topic:
or Wired these sections to or wired Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Wireless Network from the with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network from the topic: or Wired You or wireless network using To wireless follow the instructions the and the software. The through or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Press the button, necessary. Press the Select You this:
Select If to the wireless to Ethernet the arrow and the OK Then follow the instructions to wired Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the Network (SSID) field. the displayed to Select the field and wireless the The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. Press or to the Press to the of Press to the previous character. Press to and Press to
Direct Press when and Proceed Confirm the and OK to them. If to the back If to Press the to should to the If the appear the selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless
Direct You of these to with or Access The acts as the network to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other To from the Utility, WiFi/Network Services Direct Direct topic: or Wired You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or You to the Direct the Advanced Direct Press the necessary. Press the Select
You this: and Direct Select and If already connected or to Direct, they when the Direct
least and than characters Press or to the Press to the of Press to the previous character. Press to and Press to Press when You this: to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD then the shown. Press the to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct the LCD Direct these to
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network topic: Direct If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there button, there WPS the software the network WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the necessary. Press the You this: Select (WPS) and Proceed
Network Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS Press the to should connected to the topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of using Press the necessary. Press the Select Network You this: If connected to wireless the displayed. Select Select to the the shown the sheet to topic: or Wired
or Network Accessing the USB to these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired You and its operating using browser. You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the topic: or Network Related Network If already connected to USB to the USB from Uninstall software. Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network
to Wired Network Connecting to New Router If already to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Uninstall software. Download and software from the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Select Wired network If Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network Related If the wireless router to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Software
You to features type or to with features, of SSID (network and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press the Select You this and to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the the type of Loading displays the type and To this off, the button, Administration Source Loading the Sheet Loading Loading and Thick Loading Loading Capacity or Product Software Selecting the Source Selecting the and Notice You of and from the Turn the and the
the front cover. the
or first, the right and the Press the button the and to the of the prompted the LCD the and type of the and OK follow these only the recommended of first, which the
Loading or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related references Sheet Loading Capacity Related Loading Loading and Thick Selecting the Each Source Selecting the and Notice the front and the to art You art with thickness of to inch to Turn from the and the and the the
the the front cover. Press the of the and release to the
sheet of art the feed first with the the to the the of the the the right Select the The
to the and the prompted the the and type of the and OK the
Loading and Thick To the screen and to follow these art first, which the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Sheet Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading and Thick Selecting the Each Source Selecting the and Notice the front feed to with thickness of to inch to to least inches of the to through. Turn from the and the and the
the the front cover. Press the of the feed and release to the
of or thick the feed first with the to from the rear, or the to the the of the the the right Select the The
the the feed the To the and follow the instructions. the or
Loading topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading Selecting the Each Source Selecting the and Notice You 13-inch or or (with or without Its to the and necessary, If to to might Turn from the and the the front cover.
the output and protective from the of the the straight to feeding touching the of With that previously loaded, the straight each the each of the as shown. The and and right), as from the front of the
the the as shown. the the with the to
Cutting and Removing the seconds, the automatically. the as and the prompted the the and type of the and OK and Removing topic: Loading Related Related Selecting the Source as to the from
finished, this Select to and the If to the to the the
Loading Capacity Follow the instructions the to the Turn the the as the then the and from You selecting Cut/Eject the topic: Loading You the and type Loading sheets inches Bright White sheets sheets B4 inches B5 inches inches
type Loading inches inches inches inches sheets inches sheets inches sheets inches inches sheets inches inches sheets inches A3 inches inches Quality You of or other thick to inch to thick this the front feed inches mm).You of the following of inches A3 B4 inches B5 inches inches A3 inches inches inches sheets inches
UltraSmooth White Exhibition Exhibition Textured Press Bright Press Cold Press Bright Cold Press Exhibition topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. count Bright White inches S041586 High Quality inches S041111 Cold Press Bright inches S042307 Cold Press inches S042297 inches S042310 inches S042300
count inches S041636 Exhibition inches S045033 Press Bright inches S042327 Press inches S042317 Exhibition inches S045486 Textured Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided (Consumer) SMP603 Quality A4 inches S041106 Quality Cards A6 inches S041054 inches S042175 inches S041637 inches S045037 inches S042330 inches S042320 inches S045487 S041946
count inches S041408 inches S045589 inches S045516 inches S041649 inches S041409 inches S042077 inches S045590 inches S045517 inches S041156 inches S041143 inches S041271
count inches S041286 inches S041982 inches S041331 A3 inches S041288 inches S041289 inches S041667 S041290 inches S041727 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S041466 inches S041327 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041468 A3 inches S041260 inches S041263
count inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041062 White S045115 inches S041996 Publication Proofing inches S042144 Worthy inches S045234 Proofing inches S045115 inches S041067 inches S041070 inches S041069 inches S041079 inches S041171 inches S042002
count inches S041405 inches S041341 UltraSmooth inches S041896 inches S041351 White Exhibition inches S045255 A3 inches S041406 inches S041407 inches S041604 inches S042084 inches S041409 A3 inches S041343 inches S041339 inches S041605 inches S041908 inches S041897
Sheet count Exhibition inches S045248 Exhibition inches S045241 Exhibition inches S045241 Exhibition inches S045396 Exhibition inches S045410 topic: Loading You Brochure Double-sided Double-sided White UltraSmooth
or Product Software inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches A3 inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Brochure Double-sided Quality
this Select this or Press Bright Press Bright Press Press Cold Press Bright Cold Press Bright Cold Press Cold Press Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Textured Exhibition Textured White White UltraSmooth UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Proofing White Proofing Publication Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition CD or DVD CD/DVD or CD/DVD (front only) (front only) topic: Loading
Selecting the Source or You the and type each using the the Press the necessary. Select Select the to Select Select the loaded. Select Select the type the following the the Select OK these to another to or topic: Loading this Select this Bright White
this Select this Brochure Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive Press Bright UltraSmooth Press Cold Press Bright Cold Press Exhibition Exhibition Textured White UltraSmooth UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Proofing White Publication Exhibition UltraSmooth Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition
Selecting the and Notice this Select this CD or DVD CD/DVD UltraSmooth topic: Selecting the Each Source You and that apply to the These If these Press the button, necessary. Press the You this: Select Administration the necessary. Select Select Source Select
Select of these Select On to the when loaded. Select the displayed when loaded. this off, Select Notice Select of these Select On to the or type from the Select to This turned off the to finished, the to topic: Loading
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the instructions. with with OS You with as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional or and the Selecting the of the Software topic: from Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the that matches the loaded. If or and to its performance, the and options as necessary.
option: To the Select the Black or Black to the type To often than necessary, the type to the usually the the of these Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Advanced B&W or The only when selected as the the Quality Quality or Quality or Quality and choose the option that matches the to Select the option as the the Source that matches the feeding Select the of the as the You the to If to without You type and to without the To of or (The appears To once, Advanced B&W Quality
Advanced Source topic: with Related Switch Black Related Double-sided Black Related or Select of the options to the of
Advanced B&W the Drying Head head to seconds each to allow to This with and smearing the Thickness the thickness of or the from the to the head. or topic: Selecting If Advanced B&W as the option, easily and toned black-and-white Whether or this and to black-and-white You of the options. tone to black-and-white The which tonal You choose other such as Cool and that the the found the tone the tonal of black-and-white While the choose The tone the of white Click of the or to the tone to to The to the of the the Brightness the and of the the light and of Tonality tonality only the of Highlight Tonality tonality only the highlight of
Quality the or of the lowering the Highlight reduce to the highlights of topic: Selecting You the Speed/Quality to the and of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. High reduce Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs.) topic: Selecting You the to the or turn off software. EPSON Increases the Click the Advanced to advanced RGB Matches to the RGB this RGB. Click the Advanced to advanced PhotoEnhance choose from Correction to PhotoEnhance sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off PhotoEnhance to the effects.
ICM Automatically based the ICC and the selected the Matching Click the Advanced to choose the input and other applying rather than the off software software. ICC turned off. topic: Selecting
Advanced Source If selected EPSON (RGB) or RGB as the the Advanced to The specify brightness, and and tones. You choose from and and or to topic: Selecting You of the options the Source to the that Selects sheets of the
Selects the or to inches Click to around each photo. Selects the or inches Selects art the front feed Selects board or other thick the front CD/DVD Selects the CD or DVD as the topic: Selecting
or of created of
You the as shown
You and to as shown
You as shown the to Select the command
Select the and choose option the that matches the of the the You the of the Click OK and then necessary. The and displays the the and to to The to the
the following to the to and them. the and the to and and whole the Preference or the Click then the Click the the and To the to the the the and the To the or reprinting, right- the the and the topic: Selecting
Selecting You of and options or the To the of or photo, the or checkbox. To or the the or checkbox. To and their the and
Reduce/Enlarge To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge checkbox and options. To of or of the checkbox and the options To both of the Double-Sided software to when to the To the of The increase the to and the to within the the of the and the reduced To background the and to the to To the and other information about the top or of the and to the to Reduce/Enlarge Double-sided topic: with You of the Reduce/Enlarge options to to to the and selected as the to to the of the loaded. Custom the as the to topic: Selecting You these options to
Double-sided Selecting Additional Prints or sheet of Prints sheets of to with or without Click the to the and options. topic: Selecting You of the options to Margins Click Margins to the Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Option Select option to when creating topic: Selecting You and that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the
You this: Select of the following as necessary: to to whether the head clogged. Head Cleaning to the head or Head to the head appear or of to the
or Preferences to the the or shortcut to the the to of information the to printed, and or the to the to the software and Option Information to the to off the automatically. and to options. to the and options of or to the to or them from This useful when to the computers. to the software and them automatically. Click OK to the software topic: with Related or Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to Checking topic: with
Checking and the this showing the of It allows to and To To to topic: or You of or them You these as them with other users. You the the software and Sharing and Editing topic: with
and You them Select the to Click the top of the or software. You this: that correct, the of the field, and If to of created, the of the of from the and the following as necessary: Select the of the of from the and them to To the the of the of location, and
and To of the to and Then the to topic: and the You and selected type them Select the to the as necessary. Click Custom You this: that correct, the the field, and If to of created, the of the from the and
Editing the following as necessary: Select the of as the and to To the Custom the of the location, and To Custom the of the the to and Then these to topic: and the You the displayed easily the Click the the software. Select
You this Select the item to or items the To and items, and them the To To the and
Selecting To group, and to Not If group, the the items within the Click topic: and the the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as topic: with
the of the Software You the the software the and right-click the the Select You the Click the You these options:
Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: with software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with
with OS Selecting OS Related Checking Software You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Printed OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command.
Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the of the as the To photo, the or with option. You the highest to To or with option. the of to inches to the of the to software). To the feed with option. You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. If these the them They selecting from the Choose or as the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
to Advanced information about the button. You these Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type The type the and type of select. To often than necessary, the to the type of
Select of the following as the Select AccuPhoto HD type of photographic Select Advanced B&W to black-and-white of the of Advanced B&W options If type this option, black-and- white the AccuPhoto HD Select Black/Grayscale when using Click and of the following as the EPSON Increases the Click the Advanced to advanced RGB Matches to the RGB this RGB. Click the Advanced to advanced off software using only software. If instead ColorSync to rather than the Select the to of the options. Advanced OS OS OS topic: with OS Related or Product Software Related or OS Selecting OS
Advanced OS the Advanced of the below the selected. AccuPhoto HD You specify brightness, and and tones. Advanced B&W
You of the options. tone to black-and-white The which tonal You choose other such as Cool and that the the found the tone Brightness the and of the the light and of the Tonality tonality the of
OS OS Highlight Tonality tonality the highlight of the or of the lowering the the tonal of black-and-white While the choose The tone the of white Click of the or to the tone to to The to the of the wheel, the Highlight reduce to the highlights of topic: Selecting OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. text and and graphics with and and graphics with high and SuperPhoto the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. High reduce
Selecting OS the to right. topic: Selecting OS To the and options from the Select Custom as the Click Untitled and of the following as the 8.3-inch 13-inch fits within the of the of as the to inches the to Click OK Select as the Select
You this the option selected Select the following as necessary: Click to around the amount of when This option only when choose with option. Click topic: with OS
Selecting OS Advanced OS If using and to its quality, Advanced from the Select the options as necessary. Advanced OS topic: with OS Select of the Advanced options to the of the Drying Head head to seconds each to allow to This with and smearing the Thickness the thickness of or
Selecting OS OS the from the to the head. or topic: Selecting OS You of options selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS You the Matching to the or off software.
OS Select from the the Select of the OS topic: with OS You from these the ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the EPSON using software or off topic: OS Related Selecting OS
Printed OS Selecting Preferences OS You the of the as selecting from the the To of the To selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination To of the to reduced the this when the topic: with OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and
Preferences OS You this: of the options. Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the Warning Notifications choose whether or to warning from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when shared topic: Selecting Preferences OS
or OS Checking OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the
You the the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS
Loading CD/DVD Follow the instructions to CDs or to Loading CD/DVD Printed CD/DVD from You and the CD software that with to directly CDs or To should burn or CD or DVD Turn the or the the the front cover.
the of the to the included CD/DVD with the the CD/DVD the front
Removing Printed CD/DVD the the CD/DVD with the the feed the CD/DVD the right. Press CD/DVD the The CD/DVD the topic: CDs/DVDs CD or DVD printed, the partially from the the and the If to the CD/DVD without the and follow the on-screen instructions.
from Starting CD topic: directly CDs or from as the and the CD software. Starting CD CD/DVD CD OS CD/DVD OS topic: CDs/DVDs You CD to and creating effects. Select the CD You this:
CD/DVD the the of the to template or background or graphic information, the finished creating and topic: from it to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and You this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the Click
Starting CD OS If to the or the CD instructions. topic: CDs/DVDs from You CD to and creating effects. the CD the Applications Software CD You this: the the of the to background or graphic finished creating
CD/DVD OS topic: CDs/DVDs from to then the CD or DVD that or the CD and from the You this: selected as the To without the and follow the instructions the ready to the the the If to the or the CD instructions. topic: from
Cartridges Cartridge Cartridge the LCD Screen expended, to You to that than months or their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges Switch Black and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges of or expended, LCD displays You the as Press the Press the button. You the information, Cartridge Information the of the The topic: Cartridge
Checking Cartridge with Related and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the You this or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges Checking Cartridge the LCD
Checking Cartridge with OS You the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges Checking Cartridge the LCD You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Black
and Cartridges Light Light Light Black Black Light Light Black topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn the cover.
Press the and the cover as shown. the the and the straight to of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
Gently the four or as shown. Then the from the and the from the of the Cartridges clicking sound when them. or or the the the the and clicks
the and clicks the cover. to the and charge the necessary. off the If the from and and it the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges
Switch Black Black with Black and Black Although both to type of switches the type automatically, the type of this should switching often than and type the type of To switching, the and Administration BK Black Switching the Black topic: Cartridges To the type that matches the type of usually Black Exhibition Textured White UltraSmooth Exhibition Exhibition Quality Self-adhesive Press Bright Press
Switching the Black Cold Press Bright Cold Press Black Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition Exhibition topic: Switch Black Switching the type and the type to the type the loaded. Press the Press the button. Proceed and of these of to switch to: Black to switching about Black to switching about topic: Switch Black Related Black
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to clean or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related Removing and Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the Press the necessary. Press the
You this Select Select Head of the Select The the to there the head head cleaning
Checking the Computer of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head the Product and Cartridges You the head or of the sheet of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
You this: Click the to there the head head cleaning
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product If there If there or the the head. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head If and the the head. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related Removing and Cartridges You the head the Press the necessary. Press the
You this Select Select Head Cleaning of the Select Head Cleaning Select the cleaning finished, the turn off the cleaning or Select and
Cleaning the Head the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean the Head and Follow the instructions the to the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges Cleaning the Head Checking the the Product You clean the head or of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the
the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and
Head the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality
the Head the Product You the head the Press the necessary. Press the You this Select Press the arrow and Head sheets of the Select to while head the printed, of to the each the and choose the the each then Proceed selected the the topic: Head
the Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head You this: Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head
Cleaning the If the back of clean the to sheets of (or cleaning the Press the necessary. Press the You this Select Select Cleaning Select Cleaning The through these as appears the back of topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Product To its should or thinner to the or top of the cover or the cover as writing or permanently scratched. or other the or Turn off the the Disconnect connected the and the from the Clean the and using or microfiber cloth. the and covers. Clean the outer with cloth with the back and the sheets of (or cleaning the and the the and when the to clean. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the the the head and the from Turn off the the connected the from the the the and the the cover. If the to to its
the to the with the to the to the immediately the the cover. the front cover.
the that with to the right of the front feed and with
the shown to the top of the front feed and with
the shown to the of the front and with the front cover and with
the its or with cushioning around the the protects the the to of the the If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software Updates these sections to using Checking Software Updates Product Product Check Network from and Quality CD/DVD Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to free to software. the U.S. or software You manually the software by: Accessing the right-clicking the the then clicking Software Clicking the the and selecting You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the button, or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic:
Product You often with the its LCD If the LCD the to the from LCD the cover. the If the follow the instructions this to the from the indicated Turn off and serious occurred. Turn the off and then back then If the If there nearing the The the of their service and the of its service life. Please displayed the replaced. Support. to the of their service life. the of its The the of its service life. Turn off the service life. Please and Support. Combination of IP and There with the of to the Notice to and the to On to AirPrint. The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic:
Product Related the the Thick CD/DVD Where to Related Checking Software Related topics Cartridges or Wired Loading operating properly. Disconnect interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the You this
Select Select Head Select The of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the
You this Select Administration Press the arrow and Select of these Network Network You Select to the selected to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software topic:
Software If hear from the following: The first the charge its head. charging finishes turn off the or improperly and the finished charging the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If Turn off the then the completely and the cover closed completely. the then the back to clear the topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software If properly the topic: Related Uninstall Product Software Related OS
Network Product to Wireless Router or Access these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that own or and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or near microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually.
Network Software Product Network If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless using of the and to necessary. If using Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related Direct Related Network Selecting Wireless Network from the Related topics or Wired If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router
Product Not Appear OS If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the using the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related topics or Wired If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the wirelessly and displayed the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. software correctly the instructions. If includes both wired and wireless services, the to which connected the top of the Service instructions. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software
Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If network assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If network and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If the Protected (WPS) and the appear LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing. If the LED off, try the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If wireless router, the router to and router instructions.
If connecting the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Uninstall Product Software Related Network Related topics or Wired these sections using with the Sheet the Thick Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed the the and the to the the right and the too the once and the cover closed. the sheet the arrow the sheet of when the front feed only of the front there enough the the to feed through. If once, the the to the sheets, and If easily the front feed the perfectly and curled.
If or with the the feed to art or Once the the and the LCD the If the front feed, the correctly and the the than the recommended of the sheets the vertically. the If builds the they traction and become to properly. Clean the If feed, the straight and backward, necessary. Then the If thick feed, straight the the from the front feed If when both of the follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Sheet the Thick Ejection Sheet Loading Capacity Specifications Related topics Loading
the If the this the or the front the cover and of the the cover and If displayed, off the then back If to the
the topic: Related the Thick If the front these the from necessary. the from the front or back as shown (whichever
Thick the cover and of the the cover and If displayed, off the then back If to the topic: Related the Thick If or other thick the these the from necessary.
the from the front or back as shown (whichever the cover and of the the cover and If displayed, off the then back If to the topic: Related references the the
If the these the from necessary. the to the and the as shown. the from the front or back as shown (whichever
Ejection the cover and of the the cover and If displayed, off the then back If to the topic: Related Thick the Sheet the If with properly, these If the the then or Cut/Eject to the the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type software when topic:
from Nothing Prints Related the the Thick Related Selecting the Each Source Selecting the and Notice Related topics Loading these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both the interface specifications match the the and the If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the
Product Not Appear Cartridge the matches the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and OS X, the to the topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If follow these and the to the its
Complete the topic: from If becomes try these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and If OS X, and the Clear or to existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the or or and and the following High RAW Datatype as topic: from Related or or Product Software
and Inverted OS Related Selecting Selecting Additional Selecting OS these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting
Too Selecting Additional Selecting OS that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software, head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Additional Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading If try these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both
Incorrect or Printout from the Click the the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear using topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. selected the the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If these the the of the the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and
Quality White or Printout Related Selecting Selecting OS Related topics Loading these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head
Blurry or Smeared Printout Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Selecting Additional Selecting OS Related topics Loading Cartridges If or smeared, try these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly If thick or board, the each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increased Drying to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path.
Printout or Printout properly while it that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related references Specifications Double-sided Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Additional Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality
Printout Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Related topics Loading Cartridges If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to
Incorrect Colors topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Additional Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Advanced B&W Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. turning off the PhotoEnhance the and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related
CD/DVD CD/DVD Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Selecting Additional OS these sections CD/DVD with CD/DVD Not CD/DVD Not Cover Printable of Smears CD/DVD CD/DVD topic: If CD/DVD the follow these to the CD/DVD the from necessary. the CD/DVD of the Select If displayed, off the then back If to the CD/DVD
Not CD/DVD Not of Smears CD/DVD CD/DVD Uninstall Product Software topic: CD/DVD If the the the CD software. the CD topic: CD/DVD If where the to within inch of the of the to the the CD software. the CD topic: CD/DVD If smeared try these CDs or and that the of the and them them the the CD software. the CD topic: CD/DVD If the the CD software. the CD topic: CD/DVD If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic:
Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Product Software OS You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or the necessary, and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. (other Click or and or Select then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the necessary, and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. then software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or
Where to Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the sheet instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM,
AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications OS These sections the technical offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS
Specifications OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or sheets Capacity to inch thick of these Thickness to inch to to A4 B5 inches A5 inches A6 inches inches to inch thick these A3 inches B4 inches inches inches and inches and inches and inches
Printable Specifications thick A4 inches Capacity Thickness art inch to inch inches Thickness to inch to to topic: Technical Specifications the A3 inches inches inches inches board: inch to inch
sheets Top and inch Top/reduced inches Bottom/reduced inches inch than inches
inch Top/reduced inches Bottom/reduced inches You board.
inch Top inches inch
Top inches inch there and
Cartridge Specifications CD/DVD inch outer inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Light and Light Light Black Light and Light
Specifications Specifications Cartridge months to F to C) within months of the topic: Specifications Related Cartridge Height inches inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to Unopened the the Within month F C) F C); thaws and F C) with inches inches inches to
Specifications to to Rated Rated to Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) to Ready Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) to Ready topic: Technical Specifications to RH (without to RH to to to Approximately off Approximately off Approximately to F to C) to F to C) Within hours F C); within month F C) to F to C) Within month F C)
Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications topic: Technical Specifications One High-Speed USB to topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Security WPA-PSK (TKIP/AES); with WPA2 Communication Ethernet Ethernet 100BASE-TX/10 topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6117-D69 (RoHS) WEP (IEEE this EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class [CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB- 3(B)]
This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Instructions Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Copyright Notice and follow these instructions. Instructions Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions topic: Notices to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the only the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily the outlet the as photo or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the
off the the and the light flashing the or off to the the that its It properly or enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or the near or heating or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the to or other with the of the Each orientation. the both connected the touch the white the the head hand; this the the products that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the the or If there the them with of the and the Removing the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the it its or otherwise from the
Cartridge Instructions LCD Screen Instructions topic: Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool, from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD screen If the them thoroughly with and If the them
Wireless Instructions FCC immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions waves from this the of or such as or fire using this such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface
Copyright Notice connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON UltraChrome Worthy and TM and EPSON of Corporation. UltraSmooth TM and SM service of Inc. TM and Remote TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other and the of Apple Inc. and TM Chromebook TM TM Chrome TM TM TM TM and YouTube TM of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products.
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each user to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. achieved the to to topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-41370R1
topic: Copyright Notice