PA-295 Instructions
cover POWER switch Interface FG (I DIP switches PA- (I PA-295P
The below shows the items included the If item please the information about the screws. O.-
The protected that the the and the of from the top of the as shown below. the the RELEASE the FORWARD turn off the and the back where when received the You interface to to the
PA-295 You interface to to the that the and the turned off. Then the the the back of the as shown. with inch-type screws If to that screws, the inch-type screws with the screws screwdriver To distinguish the of screws, the below; the screw the right the type.
the other of the to the PA-295 You interface to to the that the and the turned off. Then the the the back of the as shown. the the together they both of the the other of the to the
the the the back of the to the interface PA-295 PA- 295P telephone to the
You ground to ground Recommended below. Thickness of wire: AWG or of to attached: that the turned off. the ground to the the FG screw the back of the as shown. PA- PA- 295P
This supply. The EPSON PS-150 recommended. incorrect supply serious to the that the supply turned off. the supply's the as shown below. that the of the PA-295 PA- 295P the
to that the specifications. The EPSON ERC-27 recommended. instructions ribbon, Chapter Turn the the switch its Press the RELEASE to the light This the the release Turn the off.
to the necessary to that the the release the the cover slightly the the top and the cover as shown the below. to that the the creased or twisted, Then the feed the of the arrow the to the ribbon.
the the as shown the below. Notice exactly where the Then the right and then the of the each clicks
the from the front or the as shown the below. the the the The the of the to to the PAPER OUT light. the correctly, the PAPER OUT light If the PAPER OUT light the and that to the performance of the below. This shows whether correctly. It of other or software. The the RAM, ROM and DIP switch of following the instructions Turn off the
While holding the RELEASE button, turn the back from the RELEASE The the and then the Press the RELEASE to the completely and to the of the the the following The the then the You interface the DIP switch If to of these follow the below: that the off. completed
Turn the and the DIP switches, as shown below. Notice that ON the of switches. or another to the switches. the following to the DIP switches.
PA-295 Function Switch reception Word Parity Parity selection below, Not Used Not Used SW SW ON ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON Prints'?' DTR/DS XON/XOFF
The three and three lights. three of these buttons or the ES C command. RELEAS Pressing this the that or REVERS the based the feed amount ESC and ESC FORWARD the based the amount ESC and ESC You the RELEASE to Chapter POWER This light whenever to the the
RELEAS PAPER OUT This light when the the release and off when the the when the the release This light to the following supply If this light off the that and then back If the light service This light when or correctly. enough, to the ribbon. First follow through the the Ribbon" the
Then the the and straight as shown the arrow the below. Then follow the of the the Ribbon" Chapter the
This chapter the to The POWER light that the supply correctly the the and to the that to the If the switch or another The PAPER OUT light and nothing printed. If the PAPER OUT light the or correctly. The RELEASE light flashing and nothing printed. This Turn off the that and then back If the RELEASE light flashing, service Troubleshooting
shuttle type Head Wires Unidirectional Direction: to to Characters ANK: Characters inch: Graphics: ANK: Graphics: 12.10")/second) the ESC and FF commands used.) of characters with Character with characters: graphics: International characters: Reference Information
Reference Information Character ANK: Graphics: ANK: Graphics:
Papertype: Normal (high and thickness: (W) (L) to (W) (L) to to the B5 Copy and thickness: ply)-. to to Copy to to to to or sheets (I and to to of and to to.0079"I Copy and to to.0028") Approximately 1.0014"I Reference Information
Notes Copy and Relationship and of of to 40C to to F) should without or the the become stained. using multiply-ply should and the should as as should located the top or of the TOF and BOF the or should normally. using these to the ESC of or the that straight. thinner (N30 or the top and of If thick used, the lowered. Reference Information Copying influenced the the Table below:
Notes The mechanical the to to The TOF and BOF and the mechanical the top shortened to feeding the backwards feeding). feeding to the which the the from the feeding the to the detected. Reference Information
Specifications VDC Mean VDC and of ANK characters) VDC and of ANK characters) VDC, C
Life: of as the which the reaches the of the Wearout MTBF: MCBF: head: characters (when the of character.) as occurring the of the This based relating to wearout and to the of Reference Information
Conditions to C to F) Humidity: to (with interface: RS-232 interface: IEEE The interface factory option. One of the interfaces or already to the EPSON TM-LI295IL1295P Specifications Reference Information -I to C to and to (with and