Thursday, March PM Printed with least
Thursday, March PM cover output light light thickness light light cleaning
Thursday, March PM rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON, EPSON and ESC/P and and ESC/P of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and MicroDot, PhotoEnhance, EPSON PhotoLab, and EPSON FaxAdvice of America, Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. CPD-6291
Thursday, March PM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
Thursday, March PM
Thursday, March PM EPSON the output photography, photo editingor The with these features: MicroDot reproduction or of its with Microsoft and PhotoEnhance2 (PhotoEnhance the and brightness of the of to EPSON which includes software editing, compositing, and Introduction
Thursday, March PM Introduction If CD-ROM the software or through Started To and its software with PC, should IBM PC with least DX2/66 or or recommended) or or NT At least 16MB of RAM (20MB recommended) At least 50MB of (100MB recommended) VGA, VGA, or and CD-ROM or recommended) shielded, twisted-pair to to to the the D-SUB, and the To and its software with Macintosh, should or early such as the Classic, or or or recommended) At least 16MB of built-in RAM (20MB recommended) At least 50MB of free (100MB recommended) 13-inch RGB or
Thursday, March PM CD-ROM or recommended) Apple or (RS-422, DIN F2V024 recommended) How To To the Started This the following information: Chapter covers the basics of with or Chapter to with quality, and distinctive layouts. selecting and the right or other and instructions Chapter to and Chapter instructions cleaning and the heads, and cleaning and the to and the technical of and EPSON and included the of the Introduction
March PM Introduction Notes, and this information throughout to injury. to to Notes information about hints
Thursday, March PM services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Where To EPSON technical through services and services hours The following the information: Introduction
Thursday, March PM Introduction If other software with EPSON the that software technical information. To to technical (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of the You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused
Thursday, March PM to If isnt NERGY TAR off when using Turn off and each when them. the option software catch something. rather than Not only this and Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. the switch to the or off. switchsuch as stripto off the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heating or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. Introduction
Thursday, March PM Introduction the outlet where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. with other of to through the following of operating the or the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise.
Thursday, March PM the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of them. this this pressed, the the off the light flashes then the or off the to the outlet the the the head the right and the light off. Introduction
Basic.fm5 March PM Its easy to with EPSON and the software, following the instructions the Started Then this chapter to learn about: from from Choosing and other What to when the lights from To from the or choose from the You then choose which to the of and other The that jobwhether to or of software. The following sections to options from applications, to the and to
Basic.fm5 March PM The through usually apply only that information about the and NT right-click item the and then Whats This? from Applications This section the to Chapter information about PhotoEnhance2 Follow these to from graphics or other software: Choose or from the You If choose first that the including the of and the printed. EPSON selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the following: If the shown the Click information
Basic.fm5 March PM If choose Black as the or choose higher the option to This the software the and the to of Choose the to from the following the arrow to through the If which to select, to the Quality Quality choice the of such as or the choose or Black the the to Quality or This choose the highest or the the (The when selected.) If necessary, the and choose of and instructions. If or NT the and the only), and options to theyre
Basic.fm5 March PM (such as or to the Click OK when finished Click OK or You to of these buttons, the While the EPSON or the EPSON appears, showing the and the of Checking information.) through software the apply only to the To the the through the or NT or the software closed If to and then them to the
Basic.fm5 March PM You the NT software the such as or or NT Follow these Click to and then Right-click the EPSON the Select NT). Then the You the as shown become the and Click OK when finished. Follow these Double-click the the group. Double-click the Select EPSON from the of and You the to the shown to become the and and OK when finished.
Basic.fm5 Monday, March PM This information appears and Checking While software reports the the section operating below. the appears The of the appears The shows the of and the of You the buttons to or You whether to the or instructions. If information about information about Click to printed/ Click to Click to and Click to the
Basic.fm5 March PM the EPSON appears Click to and Click to Click to This shows the of and the of If of while the You the buttons to or NT NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and other options. NT from with to the each You then the or choose from the You that choose the that such as
Basic.fm5 March PM On the Macintosh, with cant them from to another. to each from If to software that each This section the to Chapter information about Follow these to from or other Choose from the You the Choose and other options and OK Choose from the or the You the following: Choose the of and which to the option to The software the This the to of Click Click to type
Basic.fm5 Monday, March PM If choose Black as the or choose higher Choose the to from the following If which to select, to the Quality Quality The type of choose the or Choose or Black the the to Quality or This choose the highest or the (The types.) Click the and the and options to theyre Then OK to to the Click when finished If chose background when while If to the of EPSON
Basic.fm5 March PM EPSON S041060 A4 S041059 EPSON High Quality S041111 A4 S041117 EPSON Quality A4 EPSON Quality S041124 A4 S041126 EPSON Quality A4 A6 EPSON A4 to inches) EPSON S041064 A4 S041063 EPSON Quality A6 S041054 Cards S041122 EPSON A6, sheet (includes software) S041144-KIT EPSON A6, S041144 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041153 S041155 sheets) EPSON Quality A4 S041106 Choosing and Other You of with with specially EPSON or other Following of the EPSON Chapter information and other To EPSON and other or EPSON (U.S. only). please S041062 S041061 S041067 S041072 S041071 S041107 S041141 S041140 S041134 S041145
Basic.fm5 March PM What To the Lights light light light The four lights the and to the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the the light flashes of the of the the then the If the light to flash, off the and or light flashes supply or light to the Chapter instructions. The light when the The light flashes when the or such as cleaning head. cleaning light
Basic.fm5 Monday, March PM the and lights and the lights Turn off the pressing the the lights flash internal Turn off the the seconds; then turn If this clear the EPSON as the Introduction. seconds; then If this clear the EPSON as the Introduction.
March PM photographs or other the EPSON software. You choose or options brightness, and accuracy, Color (ICM) or ColorSync the Macintosh. If NT or Macintosh, softwares options and and Macintosh, of This chapter includes the following information: advanced and ColorSync the Selecting and options Selecting options Custom Printing
March PM Custom Advanced easy to and operation. Follow these to with or software. Access the as or Select or Black Click Advanced and then the arrow button to Custom or Custom (Macintosh) to of types. Click Advanced then to of
Monday, March PM The and the PhotoEnhance2 (PhotoEnhance effects. However, PhotoEnhance2 and The consistently increases You to to choose the with Advanced PhotoEnhance2, or PhotoEnhance and Select the right following these Not when of these Advanced high-quality photographs. the MicroWeave which photographs Increases the of the Text/Graph graphics-intensive such as with charts and and the and highlights. PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance or and the and brightness. Corrects and of the Text of text-only rough of text only, ICM only) Automatically to match the ColorSync only) Automatically to match the information, Custom
March PM Custom them as group. Then them whenever instructions. Choose the to (If which to select, the The the chose cant or with the ICM or ColorSync or the and as and On Macintosh, or necessary the and as and finished, or OK If using other that Quality and Effects If the or to with effects, software. Follow these or software. Access the as or
March PM of these options or other choose of these options or other choose Click Advanced, and then More You the More Custom
Monday, March PM Custom The Quality option choose choice of to both of these selects the halftoning based the Advanced the halftone each type. The when Black as the Choose of the following Quality options low-resolution rough Normal or high-resolution Works the highest-resolution Works and Choose the and to following the and Choose of the following text only. photographic each of with the surrounding Dithering charts, and other that of bright
March PM If when the High to the heads. Chapter instructions. Choose which of the following options of these selected or the and Quality choose. MicroWeave Prints graphic to effects (light MicroWeave This when and when MicroWeave High fast, bidirectional Prints of this when with when the or other correctly. graphics, and art with and increases memory Click OK ready to to the or the section to Custom
March PM Custom (ColorSync (ICM You choose from or manually brightness, and professional correction, CMY To brightness, and when PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance To the (ICM) or ColorSync the Follow these to Access the as The appear the right of the as shown: Click to to and
Monday, March PM Choose of the following If using ICM or ColorSync, these the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic increased photographs. graphics-intensive with charts and and the and highlights. this to stand-alone If to correction the to increase right) or the below. (If to the options to correction Brightness or Increases or the the bright or of or Increases or The and the light and light these to the Custom
March PM Custom choose PhotoEnhance2, PhotoEnhance, ICM, or ColorSync, the other options Other options PhotoEnhance2 or PhotoEnhance and the and brightness. Corrects or of the photograph. text or graphics. ICM only) Automatically to match the ICM and with software. to whether includes ICM ColorSync only) Automatically to match the ColorSync the Macintosh information. Click OK to to the ColorSync the Every or and printeruses technology. Thats why to to match the Each its or of that The ColorSync from to another match as as ColorSync information from each including EPSON 700to First to Then software to the of to
March PM The EPSON If or other other Follow these to ColorSync and softwares ColorSync features: ColorSync Profile the Apple Click the Profile Select from the and then Select ColorSync Profile Access the More as Click ColorSync. Profile choose EPSON choose other that Choose of the following options the to within the the relationship graphics-intensive with charts and the relative of from to another. as as that within the of both the and where the the Click OK to to the Custom
March PM Custom graphic reflects to and Printable Selecting and to inches and to inches or If or of the and You the to to the of the with Selecting Follow these to options the or software. Access the software as Click the You the Click to graphics to and NT with
Monday, March PM If the to Normal and of the to the right that with to that fits information. Click the to the of the The with They than and with the the information. A4 B5 A5 A6 Card Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C6 B4 B3 A3 A3/B A2 US C instructions.) If or the of to choose the (from to the Dont the of and the of Custom
March PM Custom The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch This option with If of and the the NT The graphics to If and the first the without to the NT The graphics to first. Select the of the the options. To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below To the of selected the option to To the (this and reduces the The graphic to selection. Click the to or or OK to
March PM and NT, the and Height of inch (or inches. Creating You to and them to the using the option. This useful such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to with the option: Follow the to the software and the Click the and to the of it the or Click the option. You of the following boxes: NT or NT to characters) the field. Then and Height the To instead of inches, the Unit option. finished, The appears the the and OK when Custom
March PM Custom You the the field and the the Height field. Then OK You the The to the and selected as the the or Follow these to or or NT Click the On the the the and or the Height and/or Unit as necessary. Click the to and OK when You the Click the On the the and Height as necessary. Click OK when
Monday, March PM graphic reflects to and Printable Selecting The and options the The options and the the Follow the these sections selecting the options: Choosing and options Selecting options Choosing and options Follow these to the and or software. the and You the Click the to the of the A4 Envelope C6 B5 Envelope DL A5 A6 Card Index EPSON Envelope If the the instructions. Custom
Monday, March PM Custom The the of first, with as as inch and top as as inch Select the of the the To oriented as shown of the following graphics, the options below To the of selected the Printable option to To the (this and reduces the If to of or to the which printed, OK Then instructions. If finished selecting and options, OK to the Then from the to other and
March PM Creating Custom You to and them to the This such as You from to inches, and height (length) from to inches. Follow these to Follow the to the Click the You the following Click the New and Height and and appear the the and of the and If to from inches to the the New field, then OK The to the and selected as the the To the Then the of the and Click OK to to the Custom
Monday, March PM Custom information the other the options when NT, or Selecting Follow these to the and and Print. Click the You the If of and the the checkbox. The graphics to If and the first the without to the checkbox. The graphics to first. Click OK to the Selecting softwares options reduce or to You options to of and or
March PM and NT instructions, the section. instructions, Choosing Follow the these sections to options the and to the of from its softwares features to reduce or without to the You the to selected or reduce or selected Follow these to Follow the to the software and the Click the and the of the to inches and to reduce to If inches, to to If the selected within the that to manually. to Custom
March PM Custom If the selected than the that the following the the of the the and OK This and the reduction the fits the the select. The selected reduction and appear the graphic. If to the or to If ready to to reduction
Monday, March PM If the that than the and then choose Normal the the software the to inches. Click the You the Select of the following Select Normal to the to Select to to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to option becomes active; the of the Select Custom to reduce or the to If finished selecting OK If to options, the Custom options Not NT Select to then the of the
March PM Custom You cant option using the to or Custom option. You it with the of selected and/or or Landscape. and only) If of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Follow these to the To of sheet of the or If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the Then the to from the that appears. If to each with the If finished selecting OK If to the section. Click to
March PM To first the as that instructions. selections the graphic shown You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other of Follow the below to or To the the The To the or appears, the You the following Click to Click to created Specify to appear these options Custom
Monday, March PM Custom If selected option (as appear each the You to to 15MB With NT, the To to the the Then the and Click OK to the To the arrow the and choose of the following options: Not Copy Copy Priority Top Then to To created as the button. You the following Click the You the Select to the containing the to the and OK the to characters the field. Click the to to the then OK The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. Click to Then type and
March PM If choose Black the If displays only the Intensity shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. the the to appear choosing the following options. The graphic to the choose. Position selects where the to appear Top-Right or Bottom-Right the of the or as the choose Black or You they the as the the or of the (from to based where the Click OK to If finished OK to the Choosing Follow the these sections to options the the to option and Custom
Monday, March PM Custom the to Option to the of from its softwares to option to to selected Follow these to the to option: or software. the and You the Click the and the of the to inches, the option. If to this the 6-inch EPSON the to option to reduce the to that If to this the inches), the to option to the to that Click OK to the the and Click the You the to options
Monday, March PM Select of the following to options: Select to the to On to reduce or the to the the The option beneath the to option becomes active. the of the the This the reduction or the fits the the select. The selected and appear beneath the graphic. If finished selecting OK If to the Select the the graphic displays the selected and Custom
March PM Custom You cant option the to option. You only with the of selected and/or or Landscape. and If of the each of options the software. You choose the the the and to each Follow these to the To of of the or the If the of the shown the graphic printed, to To the the arrow the Then the to If to each with the If finished selecting OK If to the section. Click the arrow and
Monday, March PM To first the as PICT that PICT You to from PICT to 1MB instructions. To to the the button. Then the and Click to the If selected option (as appear each the You to each to its or the should to of the to distributed to other PICT of To of the the arrow the the Then choose of the following Not Copy Copy Priority Top Then to To created as PICT the You the following Click the You selecting to the containing the PICT to the and Custom Click the to PICT
March PM Custom If choose Black and such as the If displays only the shown the graphic. If choose the the printed. The of PICT appears the field and to the Click the to the The appears as the selected the and shown the graphic. the the to appear choosing the following options. The graphic to the choose. choose Black or You they the as the PICT the or of the (from to based where the To the and of the the the graphic. appear the corners of the graphic and the to hand. To the anywhere the graphic and of upper-right, lower-right, or lower-left. Click and anywhere to the Click and of the to the
March PM To the the of the boxes; the to hand. Click and the to reduce or the If finished OK to the Custom the as group. Then them the You to of Follow these as this chapter. Click Advanced and then the the software You of the following: Custom
Monday, March PM Custom If the or when selected, the selected the to Custom This To to to characters) and the The choose the To the Advanced Then the Custom and the selected group. To or the Custom To the options the follow these Advanced Then the of the to the Custom the as necessary. (If the and the to Custom this Click Then the of the the Custom If using You the Click OK to (Click to On Macintosh, the Then the to (Click to
March PM Custom Select Advanced Then Select the the Custom and (You of the Custom
March PM EPSON about of to You of and with specially coated the or other photo of EPSON from to iron-on You to to This chapter covers the following: and other
Monday, March PM of this this sheets... top first) the the thickness to the sheets) EPSON EPSON Coated EPSON Iron-On Cool EPSON High Quality Quality EPSON Quality EPSON Coated EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Coated Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Quality EPSON EPSON Whether or to to the the below. Then this software...
Monday, March PM of this this sheets... EPSON Quality inch top and Quality EPSON EPSON High Quality EPSON the option to itespecially includes the appear correctly when Chapter instructions. EPSON Quality This allows to top Dont the cleaning that included with they the The type of or other of the factors the of The following the type of or other Additional Loading If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Custom the Then the Chapter information. to the option, to the the Then this software...
March PM that to correctly; follow instructions the sheets the and the If the protective the sheets of to the protective to the of the the within of purchase. and within months. and to their as as information. instructions. the following sections information about the following EPSON Quality Cards EPSON EPSON and
March PM the option the type of the to You to the and the as shown, first and the thickness to the when or smears when other thick the cover and the as shown below. Then the cover and the to the
March PM EPSON Quality Cards these to postcards, or cards. You to with the included or of beneath the ready to software to the option the and the to Quality If smears the cards, the thickness to the as shown EPSON perforated around the and the to the of the paperon Follow these to EPSON the with the facing and the perforated as shown: You to of the included beneath the the fits the
March PM the software, to inches. You as or Choose EPSON as the and as the Printable Choose as the the back and forth the perforations and tear the off. To their them resealable or other airtight covering and them from heat, humidity, and sunlight.
March PM EPSON To only, the and the as shown below. the included sheet or beneath the You to sheet With sheets loaded, the top inches. and You EPSON to to inches or or ordinary (continuous-form) to to inches You that fits the least inches), using the of software or Macintosh.
March PM If the correctly, the straight while the to the the Loading or the and the To 44-inch with continuous-form first tear off four and the perforations the If non-perforated the to the the to the the the as shown. The right of the should the right You EPSON the the to the of the Follow the instructions below to or Macintosh.
March PM from Follow these to or other the graphics or other software. You or Click the or choose or from the You selected, and then the or (You to of these buttons.) You the as shown Click the You the following: If EPSON choose from the choose and the of instructions). Click to of
Monday, March PM If using choose the If coated try the Quality Choose or already specified the software. the or the necessary. Click the to to the choose the type and the other to and then OK Click OK or to You to of these buttons. from Follow these to or other Macintosh: the graphics or other software. You or Choose from the You the following: Click to of Click to
Monday, March PM If using choose the If coated the Quality Choose or the the or the necessary. If using EPSON the Then with Click the The following appears: Click the New The Click to the New To type inches the and to inches the Height (This both and Click OK then OK Choose from the or the You the shown choose the type and the other to and then to
Monday, March PM You and directly to the or connected to software includes You them to to and This chapter instructions the following: NT software offers three to and The which appears each as You the or off and other options the The which appears the the of the each as which of as
Monday, March PM Selecting the You the software and whether to the the To the software from the as below. Click to then Right-click the EPSON and from the You the Click the You the
March PM The the High Copy section the directory. this when trying to If DMA However, to to ECP instructions selecting ECP Click the You this This section appears only than from the following High of of the as cache. whether or the displayed when information the EPSON the of EPSON instead of the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that already DMA higher rates, DMA know that DMA Click OK to the and to the Then OK to the software
March PM the The temporary the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP or directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right To while the EPSON that appears the the of the You the The displays the of and them. To or the to highlight then of the buttons the of the If of Follow these to the and Click the EPSON the Click Click the the and
March PM ScanDisk background To background right-click the the the right of and Stop information about and monitored. You when directly to or connected to using background as the section. Background You background to to while other This know or other occurred, without to To background follow these Click to to the and EPSON to Click the of the to the The highlighted. the and Background Select from (to background or (to background right the as the section.
March PM Background turned to the Background and the Preferences instructions. Short to Preferences You the to each the Preferences There to the Click the the to highlight and the or Preferences from the Right-click the the and Preferences from the You the Preferences If or of the options, the when the selected when the appear If the options, the appear whenever or
March PM The of the the the type of as Click the to highlight then to the information the Once background and there to Double-click the the the right of Click to the and EPSON Access the software from within or the and the and the EPSON (This the only; the
March PM You the appearance of items the using the options or options the If them the clicking the or Count title If than to them using the option the To to from the that to To this, the the and from the The of the the as follows: Ready to and/or and/or or or occurred. detected. Other options of the or as the the the of the There to the Double-click the the Click the the to highlight and the or from the Right-click the the and from the
March PM of what to appear If of this to the right and the graphic If currently using the software, the then the EPSON instructions software, and You the clicking the the or the You the The and correction information. To the amount of the The Information active with this appear If troubleshooting appear
March PM The to the Both allow to and information the the To information the to the There to the Click the the to highlight and the or from the Right-click the the and from the You the information appears the or the or the as and the software to The options or of First the to or the to highlight
Monday, March PM You the the or the to the software includes the and The when to the It allows to the background while to and to to If using that the the section The when to the It displays to as the The the to software temporary the C:\TEMP or C:\WINDOWS\TEMP or directory, and assigns to The software then the to the right To while the that appears the of You the double-clicking the the EPSON group. You the
Monday, March PM The displays the of and and them. You the of the and the directory. Click the information. If of Follow these to and the as Click then the and Click and the Directory If when try to or directory. directory where to C:\SPLTEMP. the as Choose Directory from the the the directory to the created Then OK EPSON selected, and then choose from the The appears.
Monday, March PM the directory the created this checked. Then OK NT NT and workstations include service to to or know when finished. If or from the or and the security, and NT software includes and It includes If background when to the It while to and track that to printed. The shows The of and where
March PM The to while You to or It shows the of the currently printed. If to this to background the Chooser and increase the memory as the section. the Chooser from the Apple and the SP Then the Background On and the Chooser. To increase the memory allocated to EPSON the Choose Info from the Memory the to
March PM If this to the Select from the Select section with While the EPSON the Application the right of the You the following: currently Click to From this and You following these Click the arrow the of the You to the below. Select the to Select Normal or from the Priority The or the
Monday, March PM the You the to the of Follow these Choose or from the or the Click the button. You the information about these three Chapter Click the EPSON button. The software the amount of the and displays the Click to
Monday, March PM when these appear when these appear Click to containing Click to or to the Selecting You the the to and and temporary the Follow these Choose or from the You Click the You the Click the You the Choose the options and OK Click to the Click to and
Thursday, March PM Dont the cleaning that included with they the Its easy to EPSON its to follow the instructions this chapter the and This chapter covers the following procedures: Cleaning the head the head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or from the to the head. This the head they properly. Cleaning the head You of the following to the head: The Head Cleaning (recommended) software the The buttons and Transportation
Maintran.fm5 Thursday, March PM and Transportation off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Head Cleaning Follow these to the the and that the and Access the as Chapter Click the or the You the Click the Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about which the and the light flashing, to to that the head and to the cleaning the the and or Confirmation Then Next instructions examining the If the If this or three the Chapter lights off. light flashes.
Thursday, March PM off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the Follow these to the head: the turned and and that the and cleaning and three seconds. Cleaning about which the and the Press the light flashing, to to that the head and to the cleaning the cleaning and the Access the as Chapter Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Then Next the section instructions examining the If the If this or three the Chapter and Transportation lights off. light flashes.
Thursday, March PM and Transportation To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the It should something this, with each of the sections showing of the Each and straight should with the If If as shown below, clean the head as the Cartridge or light flashes, the indicated This to the light the and to You empty. You the or these EPSON within months of them and the the Black S020093 S020110 or EPSON (U.S. only). please
Maintran.fm5 Thursday, March PM If the cleaning when light flashing or the cleans the head as If to the lights the too follow the instructions To the the head hand. Dont the or to with Once cant the the head. Empty Cartridge light flashing or Follow these You when the the turned and which to replaced. the and the cover. Press the light flashing. (The head to its to within seconds.) The head slightly to the and the the The from its (Although the shows the the the the the of the and of Follow the the section to the and Transportation or cleaning and three seconds.
Thursday, March PM and Transportation You the yellow from the top of the the permanently the clear from the of the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the New Cartridge Once the ready to the Follow these the from its the yellow of the the top of the the white (Its OK the tear off exactly the Dont the its with the facing and the arrow to the back of the The the right, the the Dont
Thursday, March PM off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than Press the If to the other as Removing Empty Cartridge Then follow through this section. Press the The the head and charging the the charging seconds the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about finished, The Outdated Cartridge If than months to You that as as they If cleaning and the head, or both and Transportation cleaning and the cover.
Thursday, March PM and Transportation To the the head hand. EPSON or whenever the head or Follow these to the light flashing or the turned and the and the cover. and seconds the head to the (The the head back to the seconds with Press the the The from its the of the and of Follow the the previous section, the New Cartridge, to the the Head If to the head. Follow these the turned and loaded. Access the as Chapter Click the or the (Macintosh). You the Click the Head Follow the instructions the to and the
Thursday, March PM Dont the the or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the Dont or the To the when the Cleaning the To its should following these Turn off the the cord, and the the from the Clean the of the with cloth. the cover Clean of the with cloth. Transporting the If to to and the Follow these Turn the and the head the right Then off the the from the Then the interface from the from the and the the and the Repack the and the using the protective that with the Notice that with the to the as If the the head; the head. the instructions this chapter. and Transportation
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM or other The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter everything to know about the following: software Fixing and other includes of to To the the lights the Checking the Lights the section. You the to instructions, or Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting To whether the caused the instructions. the information, the EPSON and and ReadMe the EPSON or There troubleshooting the section of Started If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To the Introduction. Checking the Lights light light light The four lights the and to the light or incorrectly loaded. the and then the the light flashes of the of the the then the If the light to flash, off the and light flashes supply or cleaning light
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM the and lights and the lights Turn off the the the lights flash, internal Turn off the pressing the or light to the instructions. The light when the The light flashes when the or operation such as cleaning head. seconds; then If this clear the EPSON as the Introduction. seconds; then If this clear the EPSON as the Introduction. You to whether the from the or other If the satisfactory, the software the interface or If the correctly, there with the this chapter Follow these to the both the and turned off. the interface from the the the buttons the the light to flash. Then release both buttons. and the Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting The containing the ROM counter character and the shown below: it the off the to the interface then the and the and Option Information If or NT the and Option Information to information. the information. If only), the information automatically. to input information manually. If appears the prompting to or the follow the below to the necessary manually: the the then the and Option Information Click the You to the below:
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM NT the software the the EPSON ReadMe EPSON instructions. the the match the information the If they match, the the to match the information the Click OK to and Uninstalling Software If of the this chapter to and then software, follow the this section. Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click To the software, EPSON Software the To EPSON the Background turned off Click the Follow the instructions the to software. To software, the Started Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting Instructions Double-click the then the Double-click Select EPSON the and the To software, the Started Instructions the EPSON software CD-ROM Double-click the Then Click the arrow the the top showing and from the Click the the of the Follow the instructions the to the software. To software, Started
Thursday, March PM The The of the the and with the instructions. The MicroWeave (or MicroWeave option Quality You often of the following: Clean the head; the head instructions). higher of EPSON Match the the to the type of the Then the software other the and Turn off High Turn off the If (the or light flashing) or the than months the should replaced. instructions. If the Head instructions) or off High the trying these to Turn MicroWeave (or MicroWeave the More information. Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting The incorrect or The option to the to or Black instructions. The of the the and with the instructions. The and options incorrectly type. The ICM or ColorSync incorrect The or or empty. The match the The software The or smeared The the and with the or instructions. The thickness the thickness to the and the instructions. The or the the and with the instructions. You Follow the instructions and without the that sheets. the the following the instructions and the or choose type or Chapter information. and lights to which to instructions. the and to exactly match the the ICM or ColorSync and information. You to software. software information.
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM You to or other non-recommended the Clean the to instructions. and white selected Select and software Select and the software. selected. lights off The these the turned Turn off the and the securely. another or the specifications B. If the heads as If the first that: light flashing. The turned and the the The thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and and both turned If cant the following Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting light nothing the The interface Turn off and Then the connected securely. connected securely and the specifications. shielded IEEE PC or The internal Turn off the and the interface and as software or software incorrectly. enough memory to the the the instructions. cant the If built-in the to the (Macintosh). The sounds as though nothing The head Clean the head instructions. If this clogged. or three below. One or both of the cleaning the head. If that the too as light flashing or The If flashing, the and follow the If or or the and as the incorrectly. Started or Then the If successfully, and software correctly. If to as A. of the following: the of Select or memory to On using EPSON or the EPSON and and then to off the light and
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM or If flashing, the supply You to the indicated then instructions. If the You the indicated empty. instructions. and lights flashing The the Press the occurred. the lights flashing You the from the internal Turn off seconds, and turn If occurred. the lights or EPSON as the Introduction. light flashing The finished charging the the The isnt Press the to the following the instructions the the Notice the The to If the or the light flashing passed, the off. If the light flashing when back EPSON as the Introduction. The from the light flashing or about seconds. Then Turn the off, seconds, and then turn and If the cleared, EPSON as the Introduction. the following the instructions the Notice Sheet the Turn the and off. the from the Turn the If the light to flash than EPSON as the Introduction. Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting software, the New operating Click and then OK occurred. other option the New the appear You restarted connected to with Then and Right-click the EPSON and Click the then the Click the this to turn Click OK then the and software, cant ScanDisk You ScanDisk whenever to active. Software If with software, first that selected as the or as the the Chooser; Started If with software, the following If to the software, Click the and to Then try using
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM You or caused temporary too to the enough memory the You type or memory You to increase the memory EPSON or both. If memory, this to enough RAM. RAM. If this free switches to the or the inactive. the Chooser, Apple conflicts. to the and the Chooser; then the SP the Chooser. Apple Peripheral-8 and securely connected both You to EPSON (Macintosh) EPSON (or EPSON and background or corrupted. turned the directory, following the instructions of the following: the of Select or memory to Choose Info from the when active or EPSON selected and increase the memory information. If this off background to EPSON Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting The SP used appears The software and the software as corrupted. Then, the GX. Select SP the Chooser, Monitor3, and Macintosh. appear the Chooser the GX. Choose conflicts. SP the Chooser, EPSON then You (Macintosh) The the EPSON from the to release the and You type the The and the as corrupted. You NT correctly as You to network and Select the and the network to the DOS Then NT instructions the and path.
Trouble.fm5 March PM too software the try the following: options incorrectly. Quality to Turn MicroWeave off. Turn High Choose Black and Chapters and information. Clear or enough Dont too the Turn off memory. Increase memory (RAM). background Select EPSON and choose Info from the to increase the Memory EPSON information. If that off background to EPSON ECP If ECP and/or DMA and/or DMA them to Fixing You the following: smooth, high-quality that the B-2. Follow and instructions included with the the with the as the Started or If with feeding, or ejected Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting or If the the If when the or too thin. this Then this the of that the from the Isnt or creased. Isnt too or information). Isnt the arrow the Isnt the (If the the this Then this Turn off the cover, and the thats including that torn off. Press the to the Then the or software. the specifications B-2 the with.) the specifications B-2 thicknesses with, as as light flashing, Then the as the to the the as the Started and Chapter If smooth, high-quality the and then the Dont the arrow the the to the of
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM feed the this Then this the of the isnt too thin the from the B-2). the of the of to the sheets. the as the Started and Chapter the the of the If too of or the both the software and or (Macintosh) information. Characters incorrect or the Select as the or instructions. selected the Chooser and the Started the Chooser. instructions. If using background Macintosh, corrupted. activated If connected to the the Chooser and inactive. Then off and back the instructions). On the EPSON or the EPSON and and then Printout If what expected, these the EPSON and Then Increase the memory EPSON following the instructions Troubleshooting
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM Troubleshooting The interface Turn off and Then the securely connected. connected securely and the specifications. switch the directly to and with conflicting with the EPSON only). The incorrect Margins incorrectly software the software incorrect The inverted, as You option software or the software. of other or off enough memory. background You to increase the memory EPSON or both. VGA or instructions If correct, with the or to updated software instructions selecting the the within the of the information. Select the the and information. Turn off the or software or the software. information. Choose Info from the and increase the memory information. If this off background to EPSON
Trouble.fm5 Thursday, March PM The the Select as the or instructions. selected the Chooser and the Started the Chooser. instructions. the software incorrect The head Clean the head following the instructions clogged. Something the or You the selected the interface to the Then the built-in Chooser, the SP and then the Select the Chapter information. If the Chooser, the SP and then the Troubleshooting
Network.fm Thursday, March PM You NT and other network operating the section below operating Network If to to through first as which the To the To as follow the instructions below: software the Started instructions). Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the of and Network A-1
Network.fm Thursday, March PM Network Click the Then the the following A-2 Click this Then Click to specify the
Network.fm Thursday, March PM Double-click the of the that directly connected to the Then the of the to the Click OK and follow the the the to the the from the Network to the EPSON software each that to the Then and the shared directory to this the (the connected to the to each the A-3 Network Select the that connected to the the
Network.fm Thursday, March PM Network the Follow these to the connected to the the EPSON (EPSPMGR4.EXE) the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM this the the as the the to The appears. Click the Remote and then the from option. Click the and the directory that Click OK and the Follow these to the the EPSON (EPSPMGR4.EXE) the \WINDOWS\SYSTEM the as the the to The appears. Click the to A-4
Network.fm Thursday, March PM Started software instructions. Click the and the directory the Click OK and the Network NT If connecting the directly to and to the NT instructions workstations. A-5 Network
specs.fm Thursday, March PM Black yellow, light light Printable and Bidirectional with ESC/P Printable CR inches inches inches inches inch, inches Technical Specifications B-1
specs.fm Thursday, March PM Technical Specifications type Thickness inches) inches) inches) inches) A4 A5 B5 inches) A4 A6 only) sheets A4 EPSON inches DL inches C6 inches A6 inches distributed EPSON inches) A4 inches A6 distributed EPSON Iron-on cool inches) distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON or to inch to to to distributed EPSON B-2 to inch to to to
specs.fm Thursday, March PM the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of or distributed EPSON only to F to C) Humidity: to RH Printouts EPSON Quality should the following to F to C) Humidity: to RH Printable B-L B-R A: The top inch sheets of EPSON Quality the top inches B: The and right inch The right as follows: inch DL inches inch C6 C: The inch Technical Specifications B-R B-L C B-3 C
specs.fm Thursday, March PM Technical Specifications the first. should first. B-L, B-R EPSON 6-inch perforations) A: The top inch B-L, B-R: The and right inch C: The inch B-L B-R EPSON A: The top inch B-L: The inch B-R: The right inch C: The inch B-4 C C
specs.fm Thursday, March PM Cartridge Specification Black (S020093) (S020110) Color(s) Black Light Light capacity* (ISO/IEC (A4, each Cartridge years from (within months F C)) Installed: to F to C) month F C) Uninstalled: to F to C) month F C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) The capacity often the head. Cartridges thaw and hours F C). EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the expired. Technical Specifications B-5
specs.fm Thursday, March PM Technical Specifications Mechanical feed Friction rear Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches Weight without the the the back of the the of Specification to to Rated to to Rated (ISO/IEC This IT phase-to-phase V. B-6
specs.fm Thursday, March PM to F to C) to F to C) month F C) hours F C) (without to RH to RH UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EMC FCC B, CSA C108.8 the turned the and the input and cleared. to their the initialized the turned within seconds turning off. this the the head, and the path. Software Software clears the and to their the or clear the The to of these The The INIT from the interface. Software Software ESC the command. Technical Specifications B-7
specs.fm Thursday, March PM Technical Specifications Interface with interface and interface. interface The built-in interface the following characteristics: IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 interface The built-in based the RS-423 This interface the following characteristics: Connector Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 M0197) Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Word Parity Stop B-8
Thursday, March PM bidirectional the head from to right and right to character of numbers, and that with the characters The that appear MicroWeave The of the memory to CMYK yellow, and These to The of light and light increases the of photographic continuous-tone ColorSync software that to WYSIWIG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and halftoning inch. The the software that instructions to to what to from and instructions to the to this G-1
Thursday, March PM This smooths of This the of the ESC/P of the ESC/P which of from Commands this graphics This and clearer. This the of the that this increase the of of from to white. to when with only. halftoning of to to of using or nearly of of The connected directly to the that the to its of This every turn or the interface The the and peripheral such as interfaces, and interface or interface of type The of that (such as or of which or precisely
Thursday, March PM that to precisely force the through the head. This and MicroWeave that to reduce the of interface interface. that to the while or they printed. The connected to the It the and then them to the assigned It while the The of which the It than the physical of the to interface interface which printed, such as and RAM Memory. The of memory that and To to its or INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to ROM Memory. Memory or that ROM its when turn off the or The or of the amount of G-3
Thursday, March PM EPSON software that that EPSON software that displays the such as or the amount of The which the the that This then to the directly or to the