DR, A5 cover-2 Where to Information This with the information to EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EX, and their products, from to troubleshooting. with information and instructions the software that when the software). and shows to from
Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, DR, A5
DR, A5 Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): February Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. According to ISO/IEC and EN Product P953A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
DR, A5 Introduction Sign-off: Instructions Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected with other of to through the following of operating the or the the head hand; otherwise the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of Instructions
the or to them. This the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduce the the the within months of them. this turn the off the this pressed, the light flashes the or off the to the outlet the the the head the right and the DR, A5 Introduction light off. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth Instructions NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or only with of the and and Notes followed to injury. to to Notes information and the of DR, A5 Introduction Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction Instructions
Sign-off: Chapter to and Functions with PC using with and Products products DR, A5 Chapter to
DR, A5 and Functions sheet to light light head cover output light light cleaning WA-1 WA-2A
Function cleaning Lights The lights the front of the the such as or The following what the lights charging or cleaning the head. the then the The nearly empty. (S020093). The empty. the (S020093). off, DR, A5 Chapter the and off. or and released within seconds. the head to the about three seconds while the light flashing or the head to its head cleaning about three seconds when both the to the of the the then the If the light to flash, off the and gently that the The nearly empty. (S020110). The empty. the (S020110). flashing, to or and lights off.
DR, A5 Chapter using with PC To with PC, Microsoft Workgroups, or NT and shielded, twisted-pair To and the software and included the CD-ROM or with should the following and NT 16MB RAM 32MB RAM or 20MB 50MB or free VGA VGA or these to or higher NT, or
using with The following the and that to this with Applicable (as of July LC II, LC III, LC475, LC520, LC575, LC630 IIvx Interface To with Macintosh, Apple Peripheral-8 or Recommended or 5MB of memory 10MB of memory when BG DR, A5 Chapter 8MB or of memory 16MB or of memory when BG to
DR, A5 Chapter The amount of memory to the and of that To memory choose About This from the Apple and to the memory Unused (1,024K=1MB). The memory These the of the the type of and the complexity of the to to these and memory 8MB of free to software. To amounting to about the of the to and Products The following options with Interface EPSON of interface You interface that the specifications below. Interface (shielded) C83602 from D-SUB to Amphenol The the of the which country. to
products Black S020093 S020110 EPSON specifically The of the the type of used. the below the and of the of EPSON EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON360 S041060 S041028 EPSON (A3) S041065 S041046 EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality (A3) S041068 S041045 EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON Quality (A3) S041125 EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A3) S041073 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 DR, A5 Chapter to
DR, A5 Chapter EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 EPSON Quality Card S041122 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON S041134 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON (A3) S041142 EPSON (A6) S041144 EPSON S041145 EPSON Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041155 The of country. to the of the its and cool, using these or of the type and the capacity of of the instruction with to
Sign-off: Chapter Started Unpacking the Choosing the the the the Cartridges Connecting the to PC the Software PC or NT (using Network With With NT Connecting the to the Software the software the Chooser to DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 Chapter the should CD-ROM, which includes the software that and the following items: locations, the attached to the The of the AC country; the included the right location. protective with and the Follow the instructions with the to these and protective to the Started C-3
Choosing the Follow the below when the The properly or the enough to the the interface to reach easily. easy operation and enough the the front of the to the or the to and humidity. it from sunlight, light, or heat to and the outlet where the easily French-speaking users: fiche outlets switches or timers. If outlets switches, the switches to them. Also, the as or other that the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. grounded DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 Chapter the following: that least that the The should Attaching the the the the of the as shown below. Started 4W
the the the back of the to the the matches that of the outlet which Also, that the If the attached to the to the AC the back of the the properly grounded the Cartridges Warning: The self-contained ordinary of from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the as follows: the them, or the the to information to the the amount of DR, A5 Chapter It to the If the rated and match, the cord. Started
DR, A5 Chapter the the front of the then, holding the of the cover, the cover. Turn the the Started button. WA-5 6W
The head to the the The and lights the DR, A5 Chapter light flashes and the the head hand; otherwise the Started WA-8
DR, A5 the Next, the from each as shown below. (S020093) (S020110) You the from the If to with the attached, the become Its OK the yellow completely tear off the the white of the from the top of the otherwise, the become and with the from the of the otherwise, Started the white of the C-10
the their with the and the arrow to the rear. The the right and the the both If of the the Press the they DR, A5 Chapter Once the their the the become Started WA-9 WA-10
DR, A5 Chapter cleaning then the cover. The the head and charging the the charging process, the Press the light flashes. the cleaning the the head and the charging about seconds the The charging about to which the of mechanical sounds. These sounds the the light flashing. off the while the light flashing. Doing charging of and to with the The of the amount of text and graphics The of the amount and the of the Cartridge ready to the to To the to PC, the following section. To to Started
Connecting the to PC To the to the built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair To the to Follow the below to the to the both the and turned off. the securely the interface Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the other of the the interface. If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the section instructions the software. You the software using DR, A5 Chapter Started WA-16
DR, A5 Chapter the Software PC connecting the to the software. It included thePrinter Software EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EX CD-ROM shipped with software includes: The With such as Quality, and The Head and Head to top operating The allows to the of on-screen to information and instructions to EPSON The EPSON allows to information such as the amount of and HIGH QUALITY IMAGES and NT HIGH QUALITY IMAGES allows to the of high-quality from the EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EX and easily. the with the CD-ROM information. Started
If using the of the software, of the EPSON software If to of the software CD-ROM, the creation included the CD. below and NT or or NT Follow the below to the software or NT NT users: network or NT and the off. the software CD the CD-ROM the If the below appears, or selecting and then clicking the arrow the top right. Double-click to Double-click to of the software. DR, A5 Chapter Click to Click to information. Started
DR, A5 Chapter If this appear, the then the CD-ROM (or users). If this appears, If this appear, the You to the arrows to through the to If the below appears, OK to the software installation. the OK the EPSON automatically. You the EPSON clicking the If to the EPSON Installation software The selects this as the Started
If to as or NT4.0). using the software, the README located the EPSON information and the software, With Chapter and Chapter the Software the and further information the (using Follow these to the software To the software plug-and-play IEEE bidirectional information. the connected to the Turn off and necessary. Turn the first; then the DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 Chapter If the You the New If this appear, and follow the instead. the Then the from of the other buttons. Click OK You the From the software CD shipped with the CD-ROM the country, the CD-ROM of the software. First try and clicking OK If appear, to If appears, OK to to the From D:\ then English or Spanish followed Click OK (If CD-ROM other than D, the Started
If the A:\Win95 and OK If the other than A, the At the type the the that the as shown. The the to and to the using the assign. To this as the applications, the Click The EPSON automatically. You the clicking the If to the If the OK when the completed. software installed. the software, to the README located the EPSON information and using the software, With Chapter and Chapter the Software the and further information the If with DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 Chapter Follow these to the software and the the EPSON software CD shipped with the CD-ROM the Choose from the You the the Command type D:\EPSETUP and OK the CD-ROM other than D, the If using the type A:\SETUP and OK the other than A, the If the below appears, or selecting and then clicking the arrow the top right. Started
Double-click to Double-click to of the software. Select the EPSON Click OK The copying the software the OK to the The selects this as the the software, to the README located the EPSON group. information and the With Chapter and Chapter the Software the and further information the DR, A5 Click to Click to information. Started
DR, A5 Chapter Network With To with the to which the connected (the and the other the which the (the computers). To the that the the The instructions below to as to the software Double-click the Double-click the Right-click the of and Click the Then the Started Click this Then
the following Double-click the of the that directly to the Then the of the to the Click OK and follow the the the connected to the the from the DR, A5 Chapter Click to specify the path. Select the that connected to the Select the Started
DR, A5 With NT To with NT the to which the connected (the and the other the which the (the computers). To the that the shared the NT The instructions below to NT as to the software installed). Click to and Double-click the Click the Network Click Next Select the where this or the to the to with the Started
If the following appears, OK and to the If this appear, and ready to the Chapter information to Click the software CD or the the English of the CD-ROM, type D:\WINNT40 and OK the CD-ROM, type D:\ English, or Spanish Then type \WINNT40 and OK (If the CD other than D, the If the of the software, type A:\WINNT40 and OK (If the other than A, the DR, A5 Chapter Click Started
DR, A5 Chapter Select the below and follow the on-screen instructions. NT users: If correctly as the following the the NT software as Click and and Right-click the of and Select other than LPT1 the From the DOS type the to then the If selected other than this the You should the of and the of the as the If to this type instead of the to Started Select the of
Connecting the to To the built-in interface, Apple Peripheral-8 the following to the to Macintosh: both and turned off. of the interface to the the back of the the other of the interface to the or the Macintosh. The with the following Turn the the Turn below instructions the software. You the software using DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 the Software the EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EX software when with This software specially to allow easy to the features of the Turn off protection software. the software Follow the below to software. If using the of the EPSON software installation. Turn and the EPSON software CD shipped with its CD-ROM the The EPSON software and, the country, displays or containing Double-click the displayed, or the then the and the Started
the appears, to to the following where or of the software included software CD. information the included software, If to of the software included software CD-ROM, the Destination shows the and If Custom from the and Confirm the installation, then Click the to information each appears informing that finished, to the and software software CD-ROM includes the following software DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 SP EX This the software that With such as Quality, and EPSON and background You background the Chooser to this information, Background track of the of and when You from the the software. information, EPSON the head You this from the the software. information, EPSON Head Cleaning Cleans the head to the You this from the the software. information, EPSON and Cleaning the Head Head the head that You this from the the software. information, EPSON and the Head Started
ColorSync and Profiles the with the displayed this when photographs or graphics. To this to the Access the ColorSync Profile through the and the Profile button. Select from the of that appears, and then the the Chooser to the software, to the Chooser to You to choose the only the first or whenever to switch to another the selected. If or to choose Compatible the Switch selecting from the Chooser. To the Switch choose from the Apple then choose Switch DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 Chapter the to and turned Choose Chooser from the Apple Then the to and the to. If the the the right to through the If the the or inactive. If the the or inactive. If Ethernet to the or and active. inactive the to CPU, inactive whenever with the EPSON STYLUS PHOTO EX. Started
Click the Background buttons to background or off. background while You background to the EPSON to information, EPSON the Chooser DR, A5 Chapter Started
DR, A5 Chapter Started
Sign-off: Chapter Starting to Loading With With DR, A5 to
DR, A5 Chapter Loading The following to the You including or cards, and such of the the front of the and the to WA-20
the that the the slightly than the of If the of then to the DR, A5 Chapter Starting to W-3
DR, A5 the of with the the top first and the right of the resting the right of the the first. first with the or top first. the the of the the fits both the and arrow as shown below. Starting to W-4 WA-11
With To with right follow the below, which typical of The the information with Macintosh. While the with the the to the From the to Click the The (or appears. selected and then or You to than of these buttons boxes. The software appears. DR, A5 Chapter Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter Click the necessary, and the option to selected, the software other to the and Click anywhere the and the the If the the arrow the right to through the the information. the choose, appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than Select as the includes Select Black or to as of Click the The appears. Starting to
Select the of the the from the If the the arrow the right to through the If included the and the the that appears. information the option, the The of shown the to the Click OK the of the You to the (or Click OK or to You to than of these buttons boxes. and users: While the EPSON or the EPSON appears, showing the and the of Checking and DR, A5 Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter With To right follow the below, which typical of applications. The the If from applications, the previous section. While the with the the to the From the to Choose from the This the shown below. Select the the from the Select or as the option. the OK to the You from the You from the Starting to
Choose from the This the shown below. the option to selected, the software other to the and Select the type of the from the information. the choose, appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than Select as the option includes Select Black or to as of Click to DR, A5 Chapter Starting to
DR, A5 Chapter to
Sign-off: Chapter the Software The Software Accessing the Software From From or NT From to the the the the the Printout NT EPSON EPSON Head Cleaning Head and Option Information Checking and the EPSON EPSON Information Through Accessing from Accessing from or NT Accessing from DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 The Software The software includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top There four of The and to More to the of Custom Printout the and and NT To the of the or to Accessing the Software You the and directly from or from and NT or The the should the software from to that the the to about the the Software
From should the software the and of the following of to the software. Choose or from the Click or the that appears. (You to of these buttons.) The and and NT the The the Click the the top of the to information the and to information the From or NT Follow these to the software from Computer. Double-click the Double-click the DR, A5 the Software
DR, A5 right-click and NT right-click then The and the The the Click the the top of the to information the and to information the From Follow these to the software from Double-click the the group. Double-click the Choose from the Choose You the of the software The and the The the Click the the top of the to information the and to information the the Software
to Accessing the software the following as as the Printable The only and NT users. the selected the the of to the and the and the to yourself. and which the should the the DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the choose the (while selected), appear the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than information about the instructions the The to the of such as or or Click Advanced the You the the below the Advanced the from the to the type of or choose other such as Quality, and automatically. shown the the of the to the and as they affected the select. information the the Software
The the following Advanced and digitally-captured high the of that to the of the head and Text/Graph such as and charts PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 and NT Text text-only of text ICM ICM This to match DR, A5 Chapter using or EPSON PhotoEnhance and PhotoEnhance2 the and of the to The PhotoEnhance and PhotoEnhance2 with PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 selected increase the and the amount of the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the users to their manually. the to the or to below. Click Advanced the and then More The More appears: Select the Quality Select the that the the section Choose or Black the option. other or the Quality, and Click OK to apply and to the Click to to the without applying the Software
To the The Custom appears: the and the appear the the Advanced the You To the the the Custom and then You the If the or when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to Custom The that previously selected affected this To to from the DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the On the the that matches the the the following to the (shown First then the If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Advanced the EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON (A3) S041065 S041046 EPSON Iron-On Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-On Cool S041155 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality (A3) S041068 S041045 the Software
EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 EPSON Quality Card S041122 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON Quality (A3) S041125 EPSON S041134 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON (A3) S041142 EPSON S041145 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A3) S041073 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON (A6) S041144 The of country. DR, A5 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the Printout NT The the and the allow to that the printed and the of This section the and NT the The the The rotates vertically, which allows to to the This because the top than the the Software to the the of
the Normal Prints its to Proportionally or reduces the of to the the Custom Allows to manually the to or reduce Click the arrows to the Proportion to ratio from to DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Prints or of of Allows to the of the to around each the of The active appears the the to the currently selected and to the which the the from of or (.BMP) as The allows to of the and of the Software
EPSON EPSON allow to from to the To the the the software then the the to The below. The parentheses the the shortcut that Press and the the to that While of the buttons, the EPSON DR, A5 Chapter the Software and NT
DR, A5 Chapter EPSON with information, such as the amount of and This only You the The connected directly to the the (LPT1), and to The included with the EPSON with information about EPSON Click the the head the quality, and cleaning to that the head cleared. the the head cleaning, the Head Cleaning directly from the Head Cleaning Cleans the head. You to the head and head cleaning, the to whether the head to cleaned You the directly from the Head Cleaning the Software
Head the head. this while the High turned the the Head and Head with connected to through the Head and Head while otherwise and Option Information This allows the to information. It information characteristics of the such as ID and NT only). DR, A5 the Software PRTPOT
DR, A5 Chapter The information displayed the and Option Information and the to that information to input information manually. If appears the prompting to or the follow the below to the manually: Click the the and Option Information to information about and options. This A4 or You to the below. the the match the information the If they match, the the to match the information the Click OK to this and the Software
You to with this Click the to the following and the that below. High high-speed This using as cache when of the EPSON the EPSON which EPSON instead of the This the to EPSON DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter DMA appear below the EPSON the DMA of If DMA One of the following appear: High (DMA) DMA already higher DMA You to DMA instructions about to DMA the Software
Checking and to the the or the appears From This the of the and information when bidirectional the and established. If the the to information. The appear when turned off the information. DR, A5 Chapter Stop from the the whole or the the Software Appears when the
DR, A5 From This shows the of the You and and selected from the or the the Software from the the whole or the
the EPSON The EPSON to the If or received the EPSON while processed, the ready to the which they received. reaches the top of the the EPSON the to the From Click the EPSON EX appears the You the and information the and and or selected from the From Double-click the EPSON appears the of or the the EPSON group. information, DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 EPSON If the information the If the the this chapter. using the to the README located the EPSON the There to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped background the the of You EPSON to the background Click to and then EPSON You the The EPSON displays: the Software
The of the the Ready of Communication and The of the EPSON connected directly to appears this You or from the To memory, to (this the from Choose or the You rearrange the of the the Click the or Count title to the of the appear the of the Count the of to To information, choose the or the the DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter To information, the the and then choose the or the and click the the tool below You the of the the If the as the following appears: You the from the the section the the Software
You the three below clicking the the top of the with information, graphic and If troubleshooting appear the the graphic the amount of information with information about and other connected the EPSON You such as selecting the and turning or off background the active active printer-shaped appears the the of If the inactive, the EPSON from as Then to Background the and from or to The Background and while the inactive. DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Select the to from the and then Preferences the The below appears. You the the applications. Background If this turned the appears to inform of the while You when the appears the options the right. You specify when the to appear. the Software
Click OK to If the to appear front of other the right-click the background and choose Top the If the when the software, to To the to the software as below: the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM using the the If appears, Click and D:\ and the If the CD other than D, the If the the of the Click OK The Follow the instructions the DR, A5 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Information Through software which of about software. It with instructions using and troubleshooting Accessing from the and choose or Then or to of these buttons) the software Click the the of the or related to the items that and NT users: You related to item right-clicking the then clicking the Whats This? Accessing from or NT Click the to and or EPSON NT and then EPSON EX You the Accessing from the EPSON and the EPSON EX You the the Software
Sign-off: Chapter the Software The Software to the the the the Custom the Printout and EPSON EPSON Head Cleaning Head Background DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter The Software The software includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top The and to to the option to the This only to the and as Basically, there three of the the which and the which to These below. To the of the or EPSON to You the the following boxes: the of or the the of the the Software
the selected as the the the of to the and the Usually, to this enough the to with the or information the and information the choose the while selected, appear the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than the and as below they the other You to the other basic such as information the DR, A5 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Select the that matches the of the below to which (shown matches EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON (A3) S041065 S041046 EPSON Iron-on Cool (A4) S041154 EPSON Iron-on Cool S041155 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality (A3) S041068 S041045 EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 EPSON Quality Card S041122 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 the Software
EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON Quality (A3) S041125 EPSON S041134 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON (A3) S041142 EPSON S041145 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A3) S041073 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON (A6) S041144 The of country. If includes If or to as of choose Black DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the If Advanced the The to the of such as or or You the located the More and buttons the choose other such as Quality, and automatically. shown the the right of the to the and as they affected the select. the previous section information the and The the following Advanced This with of or though with Advanced You the this with high This photographs. It increases the the selected the to Custom this option. the Software
Text/Graph This graphics-intensive such as charts and It the the and highlights of the Text/Graph selected the to Custom this option. PhotoEnhance2 This recorder, or The EPSON PhotoEnhance2 and the and brightness of the Selecting PhotoEnhance2 the option to the PhotoEnhance2 selected the to Custom with PhotoEnhance2 selected than other and the amount of DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter This with and The character. Choose this rough of text only. the selected the to Custom this option. ColorSync This to match the Selecting ColorSync the option to the ColorSync selected the to Custom Text This text-only It with than the Text/Graph with only the Text selected the to Custom this option. the Software
the users to their manually. the to the or to the Advanced the Then the The appears. Quality The Quality Select this when the highest This to this with the highest such as EPSON Quality Select this when high-quality With this to high type, such as EPSON Quality of EPSON DR, A5 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Normal Select this of this EPSON or EPSON of EPSON Select this option rough of This and character. The Quality the of the Quality selecting the Select the that matches the the Select includes Select Black text only, or to as of Select this when text only. Although this should with the Software
Select this when that graphics or photographic with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and Dithering Dithering and charts, and other that of bright Select Dithering with MicroWeave MicroWeave allows to graphics and This reduces the of the light that (MicroWeave) selected, other as You to with MicroWeave turned the when selected. DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter High This activates bidirectional which reduces the to that High should switched off when high If appear when High selected, to the heads. the Heads This left-to-right. If as the Quality to text and art with that to this and increase memory Additionally, to and correctly. If with off or memory. The with of that applications. There four as follows: the and correction the type of to the the Software
Photo-realistic that closely matches the this photographs. the and the and highlights of this graphics, such as charts and The the Choose this option when ColorSync this normally, choose of the other the below, the to the right or with or type the to the to The from to Brightness the or of or the the bright or of Saturation* the of that and higher that DR, A5 Chapter the amount of each of the three the Software
DR, A5 PhotoEnhance2 Select this option when with or EPSON PhotoEnhance2 the and brightness of the to PhotoEnhance2 PhotoEnhance2 selected, other meaning those PhotoEnhance2 only when selected as the option. with PhotoEnhance2 selected than other and the amount of the ColorSync Select ColorSync when matching with the It the to the they appear There Profile and below To this the To the ColorSync Profile through the and the Profile Select from the of that appears, and then Select the ColorSync when selected. the Software
Profile Matches the output with the displayed This software EPSON which to with this option selected, the software the EPSON. other with their products. If these appear the Profile the information the chosen from the Profile The option photographs and that the other options. The option this graphics, such as charts and graphics. The option when matching of when to the the distinguishes them. that or other matching perfectly, to the and other A, information. DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter OK and to the To to the without applying To as group, follow these Click the The Custom appears. to characters) the Click You to of You of from the the You To the the Custom and You the the Software
To Advanced the then the the More and If the or option when of selected the the selection shown the to Custom The that previously selected affected this To to the the To the choose from the of The following appears: DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter You of the following If this the instructions A3 Envelope B4 Envelope C6 A4 Envelope DL B5 A6 A5 EPSON the sheet first. first with the this to specify the of the or Landscape. this when to and the the of or this to reduce or the of to as as the Select to from the top and and the and right the Software
Custom If included the the follow the below to the The following appears: To New The to allow to the the the New Specify the as inches or the and the DR, A5 the Software
DR, A5 Click OK You to the You to The appear the the To the its from the the Custom and the Printout and To the the of and the to Selecting this proportionally or reduces the of the to the selected the To this function, On and the of the the from the the Software
Selecting this function to the Select the to from the then its and intensity. You (or PICT as to the Follow the below to Click the to the right of the The following appears: Click Select the to and DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 the and appear the You or four of selecting or the You choose to around each the of You the which of or EPSON EPSON allow to the and from Click the to the the Software
EPSON The the If inform with You this to To the the EPSON The following appears: The the amount of when To the information, the DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Clicking this displays the where choose the of or warning becomes necessary. You choose when the and choose the the temporary of and You the head with this the and cleaning to that the head cleaned. You the Head Cleaning directly from the Head Cleaning You the heads with this You to the heads quality. and head cleaning, the Check to whether the heads to cleaned You the directly from the Head Cleaning the Software
Head the head. this while the High turned the More Background to the the EPSON to or that This shows the of the currently printed. To EPSON first Background the Chooser Then to the EPSON from the Application the right of the This to the following: You EPSON double-clicking the EPSON the To the and the top of the The to the of the DR, A5 the Software
DR, A5 Chapter To the which as the and the top of the To the and the top of the To follow the below. Click the arrow the of the You to the below. Click the to its priority. Select Normal or from the Priority the Software
Sign-off: Chapter Choosing and Other About cleaning Loading and Other Loading Loading DR, A5
DR, A5 Chapter Choosing and Other You with and Coated and they reduce the amount of that You should with of coated the and the the purchasing of EPSON such as (coated) cards, and sheets that the EPSON EPSON recommends that distributed EPSON to high-quality The of EPSON currently the when the distributed. The following whose The this shown the and the the shown the The and of this the of the the Coated Coated (A4) S041059, S041025 S041060 (A3) S041065, S041046 EPSON
Coated (A4) S041061, S041026 S041062 S041067, S041048 (A3) S041068, S041045 Coated Card (A6) S041054 Transparency (A4) S041063 S041064 High Quality (A4) S041071 S041072 (A3) S041073 The of country. the the to the to the type of DR, A5 EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Card EPSON EPSON Quality
DR, A5 Chapter About cleaning sheets Cleaning with EPSON should with this The cleaning function these sheets with this and the sheets the Loading and Other distributed EPSON, the instruction with first and the following the of the when the the instruction with the to which the corners to the as shown below. the fits the and the arrow both of which located the of the of below. If corner, the with the the top right W-6
EPSON and Quality EPSON Quality You to Cards cards. the included the when them. EPSON Quality You to or of the of EPSON Quality should If to sheets of to sheets and the top of the to or of the EPSON You to of the of EPSON Quality You You to DR, A5 Chapter You to the arrow the If than to the arrow
DR, A5 EPSON A4 to sheets; while to sheets when and A3 the of One the EPSON One EPSON Iron-On Cool One *If sheet with the the the to the when or smears when thick To the the cover and the as shown below. the to the of thickness. If the the this to appear the when other W-10
Loading please the following: You to the sheet first with the as shown below. that or and that too thin; they Select as the the or Macintosh. the to the To the the cover and the the the to the which the If the the this to appear the when other DR, A5 W-7
DR, A5 Chapter Loading please the following: of the of You to the of the when the the below. Select as the the or Chapter Macintosh. If corner, the with the the top right W-6
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation Cartridge Cleaning the Transporting the DR, A5 Chapter and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Cartridge The lights inform as below when to and when to If to when the lights off, Cartridge EPSON recommends the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the light flashing (S020093). the the light flashing (S020110). the If the of the other and Transportation and
Once becomes and the the ready to with Attempting to or the without the To follow these the The light should flashing. which to replaced, as indicated the lights. the the front of the lowered; then the cover. cleaning three seconds the head to the the The the light flashes when the head the head hand. the DR, A5 Chapter cleaning to otherwise the and Transportation and W-11
DR, A5 Chapter If the cleaning three seconds when the and lights off, the cleaning the head. The the head back to its right) about seconds the the that the to as as the of the The following shows To only the the Once the the becomes and and Transportation W-12
the of the and of to the or to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the or the from its protective Next, the from the as shown below. You the yellow from the If to with the yellow attached, the become Its OK the yellow completely tear off the DR, A5 Chapter the white of the S020110 S020093 the white of the from the top of the otherwise, the become and with the from the of the otherwise, and Transportation C-10
DR, A5 the the with the the and the arrow the to the of the The the right, the the Press the The following shows the the Once the their the otherwise, the become and Transportation
cleaning then the cover. The the head and charging the This about to Press the the charging finished, the light flashing. The the cleaning the the head and the charging about seconds the DR, A5 light to while the the charging operation. off the while this light flashing. Doing charging of and to with the and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off and the lights off. Then the cord. from the to clean and If the outer or the of the dirty, with clean cloth with the closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service and Transportation
the If to using the and as follows: the cover and that the head capped. It when the right If the head capped, the then turn off The head to the and capped. the cover. the when the the the the from the then the interface from the the from the and the the and then the the protective to the Repack the and the the DR, A5 Chapter and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter and Transportation
Sign-off: Chapter Troubleshooting the operation and supply Increasing the DMA Uninstalling Software Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the the Head Cartridge Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland users Australian users users users DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter the Troubleshooting easy first the then apply the fixed. The information that to the the lights and the only) and the only) whether with the or with the operation and this chapter and to the information this chapter to the of then apply the recommended the You with the lights the If and the lights or flashing, the following of light to the then follow the recommended corrective Troubleshooting
the the then the The and the then correctly. the the the of the the then the The nearly empty. (S020093). The the with empty. (S020093). The nearly empty. (S020110). The the with empty. (S020110). The Press the unknown Turn off the and occurred. seconds If the cleared, off, DR, A5 Chapter and to this light off. The to turn this light off. The If the light to flash, off the and that the If tears and the the cover and the of Turn the and to the If the cleared, Unknown flashing, Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter If or Macintosh, the or Macintosh) to the or Performing operation whether the from the or the If the from appears as shown below, this that the right and that the the software the to shielded or the If the satisfactorily, of the there with the This or head. and below and to the or directly to Cleaning the Head Troubleshooting
To follow these both the and turned off. Unlock the both of the interface and the ground necessary. Then the from the interface that the DR, A5 Chapter least inches) A4 first. the head directly the which Troubleshooting Troubleshooting WA-16A
DR, A5 the to the Then release both buttons. The operation including the of ROM, the counter character and typical The and white, the Press the to off the finishes the operation Troubleshooting and the 12W PATTERN1
and This section supply to the the type of and the that closely matches the The and first, them the that they written the supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of DR, A5 the and outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to that matching Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The and the lights off. What to The off. Press the The properly the The outlet switch or The of another the outlet to whether the If The light nothing What to The interface Confirm that the to connected properly. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, operation as Troubleshooting The light Turn off the the the and the back If outlets switches, the switches to them. If built-in the interface to the Macintoshs
interface both the and specifications. software properly that properly selected software. Nothing and the lights or flashing. What to Several the once. to what of occurred, and apply the recommended The sounds as though nothing What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning the Head If this four or below. One or both of the than months or the the DR, A5 Chapter interface that both and specifications. Connecting the to PC or Connecting the to Chapter Interface Specifications B. or the software as Chapter cleaning the head. If that the the as Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 The nothing from within What to selected Select the software. section of software. The interface both the and Select this IBM AT the To this the EPSON the EPSON or this the EPSON and from the memory too to the of Troubleshooting that the shown reducing the of image-editing software. memory Select or as below. choose as the To the to and choose Then the and the information this
and white. What to selected Select software. software. selected or the DR, A5 Chapter the the then and choose Then choose from the information this If to the information, Macintosh, choose from the Apple and Select information this Select and the to If the and white, from another If this the the of the software with which Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter too high or too the What to Margins incorrectly that the correctly the B-5 B. The of the the match the within or what What to The and the amount of the too high. Troubleshooting the of or the within or to match the of of and Increasing the High and increase the amount of to processed. These factors the
Something the or What to The within incorrect. The interface that the securely connected properly. connected to the and the unknown Disconnect the interface from the occurred. then the operation The head to the unexpectedly. What to cleaning while the The light flashing or The New appears though the software What to This when Click the then OK DR, A5 Chapter the within and If choose Chooser from the Apple and the If built-in the interface to the Macintoshs One or both of the or of the as or Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter properly from the What to Too sheets the of the the sheets, and the to the amount of the The the the of correctly. Loading the the of the path. the then the The the the The or The or creased. only smooth of The that the with the this B-2. Troubleshooting If the light to flash, off the and that the If tears and the the cover; then the of the that fits the Loading
The than What to Too sheets the of the the sheets, and to the amount of the The the the of correctly. Loading The the sheet The of the the and to the Then the The too thin. the the this B-2. Ejected What to The or its The too thin. the the this B-2. DR, A5 Chapter the and to the Then the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter What to The too Press the or frequently. What to of the of and the together. The too thin or the the rough. this B-2. Too the and the Loading and Other the amount of the The of the turning the of correctly loaded. the of the with arrow the of the the Troubleshooting to the that the this B-2.
The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head The to The Select the correct. or and the the type of the The What to or the its The Select the correct. or (Macintosh), and the the type of the DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 The smeared. What to The too thick. the cover and the to the Chapter without the or of though sheets of EPSON Quality loaded. Troubleshooting the or of the Chapter or the instructions with with the or of If to of to with the or of them and the top of the to or
the clean cloth to the of the shown below The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head White appear the What to The incorrect. The MicroWeave or MicroWeave option selected. One of the the to the DR, A5 Chapter Warning: to the the the matches the type of the Turn MicroWeave or MicroWeave or light flashing, and the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Headon What to The head the head using the Head the Head The the High option selected. what What to The the selected or the You the the the of the then the of the the Troubleshooting the the and that selected the type and/or the software. that the this B-2.
The the to correct. they If these correct, Also, information or The High To higher selected the High selected. Colors from what What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning the Head Black selected the to The that the of the facing The the match the loaded. to match the type of loaded. The ICM or ColorSync DR, A5 Chapter that matches the selected the as the the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter and properly and differently, match on-screen perfectly. Colors What to The the of EPSON The the match the loaded. matches the type of loaded, or that matches the graphics or characters. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head Troubleshooting the of software and information A, that the coated of the If necessary, the and If the heads as
Black graphics or characters. The light or What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head Photographic or rough. What to The the heads with the Head the Head The of the or the the software too DR, A5 Chapter Increase the image-editing software. that higher to of the EPSON PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 recommended photographic On the or the Advanced and PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 from the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 The appear when What to The this option selected the the head the Head Cleaning the What to You attempted to the head while or both of the or of Troubleshooting You this the to the To the the to and Right-click the and choose from the Click the then Select this the and lights. or both of the or the Head Cleaning the as
Increasing the as high than the of this reason, to selective of the highest and of when that includes photographs, to the other that to increase the The following shows the factors that and (increasing the other). Higher software Quality halftoning High On MicroWeave On On characteristics High DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The below shows the factors related to only. software Black On On On characteristics of HDD Memory Software One memory Not the software and software using to of from to white. DMA DMA to to the This that which ECP to ECP and DMA Troubleshooting
To DMA below. Double-click the the right-click EPSON EX and Property The appears. Click the and the the The appears. If appears the with the below. Action High (DMA) DMA already Click OK to the higher rates, to DMA DMA However the to ECP or Enhanced BIOS to DMA or instructions. Double-click the and Double-click the and the Double-click the (COM LPT) and LPT1 If connected to other than LPT1, the DR, A5 the BIOS the software. the the software. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Click the and the to the there the the shown the Select from the Based that the as wrote and the Direct Memory Access and allocated and displayed. Confirm that the Conflicting shows conflicts Troubleshooting this Click to the Select Confirm there conflicts.
Click OK to the and to whether DMA You to DMA the information the DMA of Uninstalling Software If to the EPSON and follow the instructions below. Double-click the and the Double-click Select EPSON Software to the or EPSON to the Click If software, appears and to the the to Follow the instructions the to the software. DR, A5 Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You clean the head from the Head Cleaning the software, or from the the buttons. head cleaning To wasting the head the to that the head to cleaned. If the or light flashing or clean the head. the first. To the head, follow these the Head Cleaning users: that the and the lights off. Access the as Chapter Then the Head Cleaning Troubleshooting and
Follow the on-screen The light flashes while the the cleaning This about to the light flashing, the Head Cleaning and the to that the head clean and to the cleaning The and white, the the that from the to the head cleaning and the If repeating this four or follow the this chapter. If the DR, A5 Chapter off the while the light flashing. Doing the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting PATTERN2
DR, A5 Chapter users: that the and the lights off. Choose from the Then the Head Cleaning Follow the on-screen The light flashes while the the cleaning This about to off the while light flashing. Doing the the light flashing, the Confirmation the Head Cleaning to and to the cleaning the to the head clean. to of the the that from the to the head cleaning and the If hasnt repeating this four or other this chapter. If the Troubleshooting and
the To the head the buttons, follow these that the and the lights off. Press the light flashing, and the the and cleaning the head. This about to the light flashing, to that the head and to the cleaning If the then to the If repeating this four or follow the this chapter. If the DR, A5 Chapter cleaning three seconds. The off the while the light flashing. Doing the and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter the Head the head. this while the High turned the More this the the least inches) A4 first. the head directly the which users: A4 or the Click the the software Then the Head Follow the to the head. users: A4 or the Choose from the Then the Head Follow the to the head. Cartridge If cleaning and the head, to or both of the Troubleshooting
To while the lights off, follow these Once becomes and the the ready to it with the The light should flashing. the the front of the then the cover. three seconds. The head to the The the light flashing. DR, A5 Chapter the head hand. the to the and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The the head back to its right) seconds the the that the to the partly of the To the the the right. To the the the the of the and of to the or try to Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Troubleshooting
the from its protective Next, only the from the as shown below. the the with the the and the arrow the to the of the DR, A5 the white of the S020093 S020110 You the from the If to with the attached, the become Its OK the completely tear off the the white of the from the top of the otherwise, the become and with the from the of the otherwise, Troubleshooting Troubleshooting C-10
DR, A5 Press the The following shows the the Once the their the the become button, then the cover. The the head and charging the This operation about to Press the the charging finished, the light flashing. The light to while the the charging operation. off the while this light flashing. Doing charging of and to with the the the the head and the charging about seconds the Troubleshooting
Contacting Customer If operating properly and with the troubleshooting information this and services to to the information indicated below. of (The the back of the Brand and of software of of software normally with United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, EPSON (UK) of services and technical the of Ireland, please the when the UK telephone the following the should as from the of Ireland. DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The team the UK or from the of Ireland, and the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found service, Service or World below service and specifications the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information Troubleshooting
To using touch-tone You to follow to and once telephone and numbers, of the to found the that the and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service the Service the and membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, and (which yourself). World If to the and Browser, World information the EPSON products, software and to Australian users EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: DR, A5 Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the specifications and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If URL the EPSON World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Dont that often and The should the first They often and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The Troubleshooting
to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information the telephone and below: users To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to Frequently of EPSON World DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter board (BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: Phone: To technical as as other services, users to the EPSON Office the telephone and below: BBS: Troubleshooting
Sign-off: of A-2 and A-5 of A-7 DR, A5 A-1
DR, A5 of This section the basic of the relationships and to to the of of of three Saturation, and Brightness. The of the such as red, or The that the relationship the The of the This the amount of to the Brightness The or of the The these the The and the to the of the and of It the (C), (M), yellow (Y), and (K) to that think of This type of that of light and others, subtractive. theory, and should actually they and with to (K). phosphors the screen with phosphor that off light when irradiated). three phosphors: (R), (G), and (B). A-2
the and differently, and the of the and the the exactly match of the If to or the to closely match the on-screen to with the Additionally, software from of software and to match and image-editing software information The of that displayed: to match the CMYK, the of DR, A5 A-3
DR, A5 of of CMYK as the previous section. to of the three they halftoning to of or the of as follows: Dithering and the commonly Dithering Dithering of to the appearance of This that of such as charts and of to the appearance of the and This that finely graphics or photographic A-4
and The of affects the of Generally, the higher the the the that the higher the the the and Generally, the to the as shown below. The the the the Conversely, the the the higher the function that this relationship. DR, A5 A-5
DR, A5 increasing the the that or tone when with created with software. To and tone the and the of the graphics A-6
of To to its readers, the who, what, when, where, why, and of WHO and WHAT to information, opinions, or to or people and to Therefore, first to think about who to customer, co-worker, or other; and what to and with of bright, might to accounting firm, WHEN to While to when of and when the serious business without that white and offer to and white, while of from WHERE If or only the of the clarity and readability of consistently and strategically, the of black-and-white reading. too or that they overpower or graphics. too It to than black-on-white or white-on-black DR, A5 A-7
DR, A5 WHY using and clarity, and appear to as and graphics to appeal and of that influences the overhead of territory and the with charts and HOW to the to or brightness to to eye-catching. of recommended. throughout the the the A-8
Sign-off: Specifications Technical Specifications B-2 B-2 B-2 B-6 Mechanical B-7 B-8 B-8 B-9 B-10 Interface Specifications B-11 B-12 interface B-11 interface DR, A5 Specifications B-1
DR, A5 Technical Specifications Color: yellow, light light Printable and Printable CR inches) inches) inches) inch inches Bidirectional with ESC/P Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or B-2 Specifications
sheets: A3 B4 A4 A5 B5 distributed EPSON Thickness to to inch) to A4 A6 distributed EPSON A4 distributed EPSON DL C6 Thickness to to inch) to DR, A5 Specifications B-3
DR, A5 cards: A6 inches inches distributed EPSON A4 inches distributed EPSON A6 distributed EPSON Iron-On Cool A4 distributed EPSON reduce and and other If switch to higher of or distributed EPSON only to 25C to 77F) to RH Printouts EPSON Quality should the following to 30C to 86F) to RH B-4 Specifications
B-L A: The top inch). of EPSON Quality the top inches). B: The inch). The right inch) and The right and inch). The right as follows: inch) DL inches) inch) C6 C: The inch). the first. should first. DR, A5 B-L B-R C B-R C Specifications B-5
DR, A5 Black (S020093): Black capacity* (ISO/IEC Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -15C (3.2F) (W) (D) (H) Color (S020110): Colors Yellow, Light Light capacity* (A4, each Cartridge from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -17C (-0.4F) (W) (D) (H) The often the head cleaning function. The thaw and become hours 25C (77F). B-6 Specifications
EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the expired. Mechanical Friction path: sheets capacity: Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) without the DR, A5 Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Specifications B-7
DR, A5 to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 0.4A 0.2A 15W (ISO/IEC 5W (120V 5.5W 240V This IT phase to phase 220-240V. the the back of the the of Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) (without Operation: to RH to RH B-8 Specifications 120V 240V
The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface. Software Software ESC the command. the turned the and the input and cleared. to their the the turned within seconds turning off. this the the head, and the path. Software Clears the and to their software the or clear the DR, A5 Specifications B-9
DR, A5 U.S. UL with D3, CSA C22.2 with D3 EN60950 (VDE and NEMKO) EMC: U.S. FCC CSA C108.8 EN (CISPR EN EN EN IEC801-2 IEC801-3 IEC801-4 Australian AS/NZS B-10 Specifications
Interface Specifications with interface and interface. interface The built-in interface the following characteristics: IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 DR, A5 Specifications B-11
DR, A5 interface The built-in interface based the RS-423 This interface the following characteristics: Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous 900K X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Word Parity Stop Connector: Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 M0197) B-12 Specifications
DR, A5 Sign-off: The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and The that appear when graphics. This when the head MicroWeave bidirectional which the heads both This increases the of or which the of information or brightness The or of The of the memory to of information consisting of CMYK yellow, and These to the of ColorSync software that to WYSIWYG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized. dithering halftoning which Dithering with such as charts and
DR, A5 of which each or of inch. The the software that instructions to to what to from and instructions to the to this which with to EPSON PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance2 EPSON. Selecting PhotoEnhance and the and brightness of the This halftoning smooths of This the of the ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. ESC/P that of from Commands this features, such as graphics This and clearer. This the of the that this increase the of of from to white. to when with only. halftones of or to halftoning of to to of only or nearly of only of
high which both This This bidirectional ICM This the to match the with the the to its of This every the or the of which each or precisely interface The the and peripheral such as Generally, interfaces, and interface or interface IPS second. This to the head which printed, such as and MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to This with of which interface interface. functions These such as that holding while turning the The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the features of shortened to DR, A5
DR, A5 checking the operation of the operation the the ROM counter and head should when the and or the The acts as office It the and then them to the assigned It while the to the or they printed. The or the to which the connected. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to ROM Read Memory. of memory that and ROM its when off the RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of screen This as they appear instead of them as halftones. interface interface The which the the that This then to the directly or to the
software that that software that allows to the such as the amount of Colors that of light and others. CMYK which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional WYSIWYG What-you-see-is-what-you-get. This to that exactly appears DR, A5
DR, A5
EPSON AMERICA, INC. P.O. CA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Phone: EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY. LTD. GIBBES STREET, CHATSWOOD NSW. EPSON HONG KONG LTD. 47/F, Harbour Road, EPSON ITALIA MI, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Office) EPSON OVERSEAS MARKETING LOCATIONS EPSON UK LTD. Hempstead, HP2 7TJ, U.K. EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Tower, Phone: EPSON TAIWAN TECHNOLOGY TRADING LTD. 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. EPSON IBERICA S.A. EPSON PORTUGAL, S.A. R. October