PM-400
Product the these sections to learn about the of the Product Locations The and and More the Service these sections to learn about the and The LCD LCD Screen Turning Sounds topic: Product
The The The arrow buttons; The and buttons; increase or the of The The back The OK The topic: the
The LCD Screen LCD Turning Sounds You or right when these options You or when these arrows topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK topic: the You off the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary.
Product Locations Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK Select Sound and the OK Select Press and the OK Select and the OK topic: the these sections to the topic: Product
cover Rear feed Edge LCD USB Memory USB light
The and the from the and topic: Product Locations The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the from the the from the the and the and OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK You this
the from the and the OK You this Select the the off when and the OK Press the to topic: The and You the to the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK
You this Select and the OK You this Select the the to and the OK Press the to topic: The and
the and You the software to the the or off automatically. turned Access the and right-click the the Select Click the Click the and Option Information You this Turn the On the to when This with USB or this slightly increases the Click
the and OS Select the of which the to off when as the Click Select the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The and You the software to the the or off automatically. turned the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
You this Turn the On the to when This with USB or this slightly increases the Click Select the of which the to off when as the Select the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The and
and More the You from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, and Remote Print. the Remote topic: Product Related the Service With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to to and to the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics this Apple and to to products. The wireless
the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and Related topics With Remote software, to anywhere the the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the software. the and optional of the to and this Remote Select the and choose the topic: and More Related topics wireless from iPhone, and with the of and with the of OS X.
If AirPrint. the below to the necessary. wireless the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related Selecting the Source Related topics and More With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to
Chromebook Click Select the checkbox to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information using Print, or the of topic: Product Related the Network Related topics and With Account, from Chromebook without or the below. to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as connecting to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook
the Service If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to If instead, Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from iPhone, or with access. information using Print, topic: Related topics You the Service to from or or to or from other You the Service from the Service, English only). topic: Product Related topics and
these sections to Direct Protected (WPS) the Network or Network You to with using wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Wireless Network from the Computer with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network from the topic: You or wireless using To wireless follow the instructions the and the software. The through Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK to (Recommended) Press the OK to proceed. Select and the OK
Press the arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK button. If wireless manually. To the wireless manually, Other and the OK as the If the following wireless (or and then Press the arrow to highlight character or function the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK Press the OK to If to the the OK should connected to the
Direct If the or appear the LCD selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: Related topics or Network You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless You of these to with or Access The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD
Direct To release the to from or other To from the Utility, Services Direct Direct topic: Related Accessing the You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select Direct and the OK Press the OK to proceed.
Press the arrow to the If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the Select and the OK Direct least and than characters Press the arrow buttons to highlight character or function displayed the Then the OK to To the of or AB12 (lowercase), or and the OK To and the OK To characters, the back arrow and the OK characters, and the OK
Protected (WPS) Press the arrow to the and selected. or wireless to the (SSID) displayed the LCD then the shown. Press the OK to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct displayed the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic:
WPS to to Network the Network If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the On the the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the OK to (Recommended) Press the OK to proceed. (WPS) and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS should the LCD If these to topic: Protected (WPS) You the to the of Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Network and the OK
You this Select Network and the OK You this: If connected to the displayed. Press the or arrow to the To the or right arrow and of the options shown. topic:
or Network Accessing the USB to these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: Related Selecting Wireless Network from the Selecting Wireless Network from the You and its operating browser. You this built-in from or other that connected to the network as IP On or other to the as IP the You the options. topic: or Network Related the Network If already connected to USB to Disconnect the USB from Uninstall software.
Connecting to New Router Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software If the wireless router using to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstall Product Software You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Network and the OK
You this Select and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading Capacity or Product Software Selecting the Source You of and to: inches the to the right.
or and first, the of the To the and
the the too tightly. If prompted the LCD the and type of the loaded. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the arrow the If of each or that curled, or too thin, or that the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Specifications
Loading Capacity type to this A5 inches to the arrow the inches inches sheets inches inches sheets inches sheets inches You to sheets topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. count (includes inches 320P and A6 inches inches
count inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041982 inches S042181 S042174 topic: Loading You inches inches inches topic: Loading inches S041464 S042038
or Product Software Selecting the Source this Select this or Envelope Envelope topic: Loading You the the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to Source the OK each selection. Select the following options as necessary: the and type
whether or appears when from the whether or the selection appears Press the to topic: Loading this Select this Envelope Envelope topic: Selecting the Source
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with using as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: from Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the You the to to the If photo, You to options You type and to without the
Quality Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the 2-Sided option. To of or of of the the and the options To and their the To Quality topic: with Related or Product Software Related Selecting Double-sided or OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. text and
Selecting Double-sided High text and graphics with high topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the You to and the manually to the other options or other chosen or the Select of the following options (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other Click the button.
You this: Select the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the The of the smear the the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting
Selecting Additional and You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or photo the More
To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the
and Additional Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to turn off to the effects. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting to of the or More You clicking the Click the or You the the
Selecting of the to its of Click to its or of the options the screen to To choose Click OK topic: with You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the
Click the You this of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the the of as they printed. EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect; reduce RAW Datatype Increases and other
or Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to Checking topic: with
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To to To topic: or the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Printed OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the basic the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Product Software Related Selecting OS or OS
Quality OS OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Grayscale Prints and graphics or of the If the option the white topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related
Selecting OS You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS
Printed OS OS You and the of the as it selecting from the the To selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with OS You the Matching and to the or off software. Select Matching from the the
and OS Select of the Select from the the The the the option selected the Select of the options. and OS topic: with OS You from these the Matching and Matching EPSON software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or red-eye sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or that that text or Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when using shared topic: Selecting Preferences OS
or OS Checking OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the
Product You the Select the following options as of OS X: To the and or To the and or To the and or To or To other information, or topic: or OS If to the topic: from
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card only memory memory the memory and the with the the covering the memory necessary. memory the the oriented correctly. force the the the The memory light flashes and then memory or turn off while the memory light flashing or from the memory Memory Card Memory Card Specifications
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Removing Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with You the following the memory SD SDHC SDXC topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the with DCF or to to 2GB of to topic: Memory Card
Removing Memory Card from Memory Card and with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and topic: Memory Cards With Product You as them the LCD Press the necessary.
Press the arrow to and the OK and and the OK button. memory displayed: Press the right or arrow to through and that to Press the or to or of the photo to To the To the arrow You this
Select from the following to Select to to the LCD to the to the appearance of to apply tone or black-and-white to the or to or finished the back ready to the To the topic: from Memory Card Related You or from memory layouts. Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
You this of the options and the OK button. Select the that matches the and the OK Select the type that matches the and the OK If the below, of the following: To allow to the automatically, and the OK Press the or right arrow to through and
the or to Press the arrow to Press the OK when finished. To the manually, Manually and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to and You this Press the or to the of to and the OK ready to the To the topic: from Memory Card Related the to when or or or photo the or of the
ID P.I.F. This option P.I.F. memory topic: Select the options to when from memory or options Indicates the of Indicates the type of loaded; the of options the selected Expands the to the of the With around the Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the photo the On Automatically the to the selected photo off To to the and the OK
topic: from Memory Card Related Select the options to when from memory or The the of the photo, the options On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye Automatically the red-eye On tone or black-and-white to the or photo; from memory back to the to this B&W option Sharpness the sharpness of To to the button, and the OK button. sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes
Memory Card from Memory Card to with such as to off to the effects. topic: from Memory Card You to and from memory memory To this the connected to from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product You to and from memory and connected to wireless You the to the using USB to and from memory while from the memory the connected to the as the memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the OS Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light flashing, then and the memory to the displayed.
topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card the Network
with Product from Selecting and Follow the instructions these sections to with such as USB or other from or from USB or If that PictBridge directly from the to JPG and from to the of of type, and supported, and the Selecting and Connecting and from from Wirelessly topic: with Product from and the the of the photo, the Press the necessary.
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
Select and the OK Select the to the back Select and the OK Select the to then the to ready to and topic: from
Connecting and from Related references Related Connecting and Printing from the turned memory from the the to the USB that with to the USB the right of You the USB to from to Turn
from Wirelessly or from USB or Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Related Memory Card Related topics Loading You from wireless to and PictBridge (DPS IP). memory from the the to Turn the wireless the that with the to the that You the LCD Follow the instructions that with to and off and from the topic: from Related Memory Card the Network Related topics Loading You and from USB or other such as or CD/DVD
USB Specifications Connecting and USB or the with the USB Specifications Connecting and USB or topic: with Product You that these specifications. JPEG with the with DCF or to to 2GB of to DCF built-in memory supported. topic: or from USB or or the turned the of memory from the the to USB or the USB that with the USB the front of If connecting CD/DVD CD or DVD the Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and and the OK
Select the to from the LCD the light the flashing, then or from the the USB or off the when the light flashing, or the topic: or from USB or Related topics Loading
the Cartridge Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD the expended, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and the Cartridge and its software know when the or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: the Cartridge You the of LCD Press the necessary.
Checking Cartridge with Press the arrow buttons to and the OK and the OK The displayed. Displayed Press the OK to topic: Cartridge Related Removing and the Cartridge appears try to when and using To the and the the
You this or the necessary. If the incompatible with the or improperly installed, To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge Related Removing and the Cartridge
Checking Cartridge with OS You the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or the necessary. If the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and the Cartridge You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: the Cartridge these when or purchase within months of the Cartridge 320P Cartridge and sheets) topic: Purchase Cartridges
and the Cartridge You the immediately the the ready to to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. If or and the Turn of the following: If the expended, the LCD Press the OK If the the LCD Cartridge Then the OK to proceed. Unpack the and completely only the other or or
the as shown. the that to the replacing. the shown and Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of Press the
the cover. the head hand; otherwise, the white the Press the to the then
the from the to the of of the or to the with the facing and the as shown. Press the clicks to the the or the the cover. Press the to charging the Then follow the of the on-screen instructions.
charging the LCD off the or the cover while charging or to If the the that with it to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the the as the the with the of the head and to topic: the Cartridge Related Purchase Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You clean them them unnecessarily. You the head the expended, and to when the You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics the Cartridge You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the this inches Press the necessary.
Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Press the The printed.
Checking the the to there the head clean head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. Select and the OK If there or the Head Cleaning and the OK Follow the instructions the to clean the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to the off and least Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head the Product Related topics Loading the Cartridge You the head using or
there the LCD this inches of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head Related Cleaning the Head Related topics Loading the Cartridge If and the the head. You clean the head the expended, and to when the You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head
Cleaning the Head the Product topic: Head Related topics the Cartridge You the head the this inches Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
Cleaning the Head Select Head Cleaning and the OK Press the to clean the head. You head cleaning the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the and the OK Press the to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to the off and least Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the the Product Related topics Loading the Cartridge You clean the head or
there the LCD this inches of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning off the cleaning or
Head the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to the off and least hours. Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the Related topics Loading the Cartridge If become or blurry, of or or light to the head.
the Head the Product head cleaning. the Head the Product topic: Quality You the head the this inches Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
Cleaning the Path Select Head and the OK Press the to while head the and the or arrow to the representing the the first then the OK the to the each topic: Head Related topics Loading If smeared or scuffed, or feed correctly, the the
to the the from the head of the Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK Select Cleaning and the OK Press the to cleaning the as the clean. topic: Quality Related topics Loading
Transporting and Cleaning Product Carrying and Transporting Product Follow the instructions these sections to or clean it necessary. Carrying and Transporting Product Cleaning Product as the following when transporting the the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from impacts which the the sunlight, heat or or other locations. The or Press the to off the the light the front of the turned off and then the cord. the light off the cord; otherwise, the head to the This the head to and the from the memory the connected
Cleaning Product the LCD cover, and the or its (or when the If when and the head. topic: Transporting and Cleaning Product Related Head Head Related Memory Card To its should clean whenever necessary. the cover and when using the to from or thinner to the or or other the or
Turn off the the connected the memory the Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Transporting and Cleaning Product Related Memory Card
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product Check Network from and Quality Memory Card Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic:
Product Related You often with checking the its LCD You information and how-to instructions the Press the necessary, and the OK LCD Turn the off and then back If the If there canceled. The memory or or occurred while the memory or correctly and the the The turned to AirPrint. this the and type of and to the You prompted to the the of its service and the nearing the of its displayed the replaced. (To service the the of its service life. Turn off the and the of its service Combination of IP There with the to the and this topic. Recovery occurred firmware using USB and the firmware If this The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the
Product covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related the Product Where to Related Selecting the Source Related topics Loading the Cartridge Memory Cards With Product operating properly. Disconnect interface connected to this inches Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
Select and the OK Select and the OK button. Press the The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected other or and software.
If the the or the head. If the the other If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK Select of these options: Network network
Software Network You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software USB topic: If hear from the following: The first the the charge its head. charging finishes turn off the or improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related references Where to If while software, try these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software
USB Network Product to Wireless Router or Access selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related Uninstall Product Software Related OS If USB to to that the grounded. shock when touching topic: these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of pressing the WPS router.
to within of router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC the the LCD Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related Selecting Network from the Direct Related topics
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the using the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Connecting to New Router Related topics If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then it back
Network If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related topics If these that turned software as the LCD and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If IP using DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If the LCD and the strength. If to router or or such as If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function.
If connecting the wirelessly and the or appear the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related the Network Related topics these sections using with the Product Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed Then the the the the of the that the the arrow the If once, the the to the and If when both of the try sheets. the specifications the and type the correct. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic:
the Product Related references Loading Capacity the Product Related Loading the If the follow the below to clear the the necessary. from the
If necessary, from the the cover and
Ejection from Computer the white the the cover. Follow the the LCD to clear topic: If with properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product or Product Software Related Loading the Product these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear topic:
Nothing Prints Product Not Appear If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. If the enough memory. the or the the and the following: or or as necessary. the and the offline. the and the as the necessary. OS X, Preferences from the Apple or Scan or then to or as necessary. topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and and Click and and Sound
XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the button. Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the and Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the or or and and the following RAW Datatype
and Inverted as topic: from Related references OS or Product Software Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS these sections with the or of using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion
Too Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Loading the Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If try these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related references Related Selecting
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the Click the the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If the printed, the characters. If incorrect characters appear using topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If the or the these selected the and and software. selected the the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Loading the Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Loading the Selecting Selecting OS these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Product Software Related Loading the Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Related topics the Cartridge If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software.
Printout or Printout If both of of appear the of heavily or If of sheet or that first. the the to the other to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Check Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Cleaning the Path Loading the If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to
Printout the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Product Software Related Cleaning the Path Loading the Related topics the Cartridge If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the
Incorrect Colors the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these the type matches the loaded. the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to the to as the this the than To top of each other. exactly match to as as the options software. and topic: Quality
Memory Card Memory Card or from Memory Card or Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Related topics the Cartridge these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card or To or From Memory Card or topic: If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory or USB try these memory or with the the memory or the
To or From Memory Card or Uninstall Product Software If too memory or the or prompted to of the of or of the the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Related Memory Card Related topics from Memory Card with Product If to or from memory these memory or with the wirelessly and to the as If to memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the topic: Memory Card Related references Memory Card Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Related from Memory Card to If that to and software, follow the instructions operating
Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Product Software OS Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or the necessary, and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. (other Click or and or Select then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the necessary, and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. then software. If that software topic: Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as
Where to If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the
Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications USB Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and
OS Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A5 inches and distributed Thickness inch to inch A6 inches inches inches inches inches inch to inch
Printable Specifications to inches to topic: Technical Specifications the shown to the sheets Margin: inch A5 inches inch than A5 inches inch
Reduced inches Reduced area/bottom: inches Reduced inches Reduced area/bottom: inches Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Reduced area/right: inches
Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Reduced inches topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and charging, the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black Cartridge months to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Purchase Cartridges Cards with using Unopened the the month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C)
USB Specifications Compatible types/Maximum SD: 2GB SDHC: 32GB type, type and 5V); supply topic: Technical Specifications with the following Dedicated Security such as or USB with AC that USB recommended. the operation of externally connected CD-ROM/CD-R 700MB DVD-ROM/DVD-R 4.7GB capacity 1.3GB and USB 2TB Formatted FAT, FAT32, or SDXC: 64GB 2GB 32GB 2GB 32GB 64GB CD-RW DVD+R, DVDRW, DVD-RAM, and
Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches (without and AC topic: Technical Specifications Rated DC input DC24V Rated DC input 0.9A Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) (USB Ready AC AC A461H AC100240V, 1A, DC24V, 1A inches inches inches off Approximately
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications USB USB and USB PictBridge the operation of externally connected topic: Technical Specifications IEEE with IEEE or IEEE purchase location) Security WEP to F to C) month F C) WPA2-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2
and Specifications Coordination topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. This with FCC/IC forth and the FCC (RF) C to OET65 and RSS-102 of the IC (RF) This should and operated that the least inches or from wrists, and topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Direct IEEE AP with EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the the AC that with the and with other of other with this or of the AC with other products fires or shock. the type of indicated the AC the outlet where the easily the outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the the that its It properly or enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or the or heating or sunlight.
Cartridge Instructions enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the white the the head hand; this the the or AC and the or AC with products that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the the or If there the them with of the and the Removing the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the its or otherwise Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with
LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions the or removing Leaving the the head and the from the the otherwise the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the its This the head. cool, from allow to least three hours topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or If the LCD screen If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions waves from this the of or such as or fire this such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON EPSON and TM of Corporation. TM and Remote TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other and the of Apple Inc.
Copyright Notice and TM Chromebook TM TM Chrome TM TM and TM of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution each user to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-43575 topic: Copyright Notice