and To from the and CD completing these Unpack with these items the Initial photo Software CD the and from the of the the back of the from the the Turn and Turn On the to the back of PM the to the the other of the the to the back. the Press the On to turn this the the Initial Cartridge the the to the Release the photo from its the that with the straight the clicks It the the the right, to the If the correctly, the Initial Charge Charging. Please charges the head to and displays the the Charging the photo OK Press OK
and required! To from and CD completing these the Unpack with these items the photo the and from the of the the back of the from the the Turn and Turn On the to the back of PM the to the the other of the the to the back. the Initial photo Press the On to this the photo CD Software the Initial Cartridge the the to the Release the photo from its the that with the straight the clicks It the the the right, to the If the correctly, the charges the head to and displays the the Charging the OK Initial Charge Charging. Please Press OK
and Turn On the to the back of PM the to the the other of the the to the back. the to On Press the this the the Initial Cartridge the Initial CD Software and required! To from and CD these the Unpack with these items the the and from the of the the back of the from the the the to the Release the from its the that with the straight the it clicks It the the the right, to the If the correctly, the Initial Charge Charging. Please charges the head to and the the Charging the OK Press OK
with Dont or this the to the back. the Press the to the the outward. to the to slightly them. the the with the the slightly. beneath arrow the and to curling. Memory Card the memory containing from memory the Top the the The memory light and the once. easy to the to Select Press or to the to Press OK to To than OK to increase the of (Press to the To or to the and OK to to necessary. with Selected to the right. Memory light SD SDHC (High Capacity) SD SDHC SD SDHC MMC Card Card and H) Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory CompactFlash and II) capacity 128MB Select Press Select To than of the to increase the of (Press to the with Selected below. Selected Press to the of the You other options the including selecting containing (thumbnails) of Press Press or to selected and the Press to More the instructions from and other learn to and of and on-screen software from the CD, on-screen Double-click that comprehensive instructions and its software. information software to and Then updated software the Downloads section. To it of the and or other location where too or too cold. and and of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those CPD-21347 Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX
with photo Dont or this the to the back. the to Press the the the outward. to sheets the sheets to slightly them. the the with the the slightly. beneath arrow the and to curling. Memory Card the memory containing from memory the Memory light SD SDHC (High Capacity) SD SDHC SD SDHC MMC Card Card and H) Memory Top Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory CompactFlash and II) 128MB the the The memory light and the once. easy to the to Select Press or to the photo to Press OK to To than OK to increase the of (Press to the To or to the and OK to to necessary. with Selected to the right. Select Press Select To than of the to increase the of (Press to the with Selected below. Selected Press to the of the You other options the including selecting containing (thumbnails) of Press Press or to selected and the Press to More the instructions from and other learn to and of and on-screen software from the CD, on-screen Double-click that instructions and its software. information software to and Then software the Downloads section. To of the and or other location where too or too cold. and and of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those CPD-21347 America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX
Memory Card the memory containing from memory the Top the the The memory light and the once. easy to the to Select Press or to the to to OK Press to increase OK To than to the the of (Press To or to the to to OK and necessary. with Selected to the right. with photo Dont or this the to the back. the to Press the the the outward. to sheets the to slightly them. the the with the the slightly. beneath arrow the and to curling. Select Press Select To than of the to increase the of (Press to the with Selected below. Memory light Selected SD SDHC (High Capacity) SD SDHC SD SDHC MMC Card Card and H) Memory Press to the of the You other options the including selecting containing (thumbnails) of Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory Press Press or to selected and the CompactFlash and II) Press to 128MB the instructions from and other learn to and of and on-screen software from the CD, on-screen Double-click that instructions and its software. information software to and Then updated software the Downloads section. To it of the and or other location where too or too cold. and and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those CPD-21347 America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX