Copyright and of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and of Corporation. Microsoft and and of Microsoft Corporation. of the the Software CD-ROM from Copyright rights Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights Copyright and
Notice and Instructions You the software to the EPSON PP-100. You the EPSON PP-100 to including to CDs and You to the rights of copyright owners. EPSON and EPSON from, copyright or or Instructions the instructions this section the Also, to follow New and instructions the the the following when the and or cover the and the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fire or shock. The with this only. with other fire or shock. the AC the using the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. or cord. Notice and Instructions
If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the casing the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection the the to or other with the of the Each orientation. the both connected the If to the the or If there the them with of the and Commercially function this Choosing the the following when choosing the the that the of the If the the than the back of the and the The properly or the its or from the enough front of the the cover to to and Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat to shocks, or Notice and Instructions
enough around the to allow the where the easily the the following when using the the to the products that or around this Doing fire. turn the off using the this pressed, the light flashes. the or off the to the the light flashing. the the the head and the from to when closing the cover. The and this the however, this to the function of the or the as the malfunction. the following when the of the reach of allow children to from or the their this when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this Notice and Instructions
the immediately it from its If the the its or try to them. This the head. from allow to least three hours cool, the IC the of the Doing operation and The IC this of cartridge-related information such as the that the and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as the the supply covers or the items that with this of the the supply or the surrounding with the supply facing This Also, attached to the the functioning properly. Notice CD/DVD the operation should conducted to the functionality. Also, back of the the CD/DVD should or the following of or -Incorrect -Malfunction or to or to the to the listed, the warranty Notice and Instructions
Concerning of this Should the expected from this including software, obtained, from that fact, such as of this and that through the of this About this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this copying CD or DVD, the that the recorded the copyright, that copyright the that received from the author, or that copying of the the of CD or DVD without these and should This business and household and Notes and Notes this as indicated below the following followed to injury. to to Notes information and the of the Notice and Instructions
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the EMC of this You that or Corporation authority to the FCC American This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation.This and and, and with the instruction interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the -Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or This Class with ICES-003. Notice and Instructions
Chapter Software the the EPSON to the (CD/DVD publisher) to the Select (or EPSON EPSON The EPSON Click Select the to from CD/DVD Publisher then Next and OK the of EPSON The EPSON software included with the allows to write or 17:07:16Unlocked and 17:07:16Unlocked and CDs/DVDs, CD/DVD and CDs/DVDs. EPSON EPSON write and CD/DVD The to write and CD/DVD "Publish" the EPSON EPSON CDs/DVDs. EPSON EPSON that the and information about its Software
EPSON EPSON to the to the EPSON EPSON to the following: New New Writing to to CDs, to CDs, and to CDs, or to CDs, or copying CD/DVDs. Creating and editing CD/DVD Starting EPSON Click to XP) or to and and EPSON and then EPSON information, from the this software. of The choose from of to the Unlocked and Unlocked and Accessing the You the from and the To that apply to the the from that To that apply to applications, the from the to the following sections to the Software
From Click or the the that appears, Preferences or to or of these buttons.) From the XP: and Unlocked and Click then and (If the click and Other then and Click to then or and Select the then Preferences the information through You items the from or the and and Accessing the the try of the following procedures. Right-click the then Click the the top right of the then the item XP and only). Uninstalling EPSON You Follow the below. To applications, as with to the group). the Microsoft of them when the XP: Click and then Software
Click to and then Double-click the or Choose the software to from the of Click Change/Remove the appears, Follow the on-screen instructions. Software
Publishing Introduction This section through the creating and CDs/DVDs. information CDs/DVDs, the following section. Turning on/off This section to turn on/off Turning the Press the light flashes. light flashes then Turning off Press the than second. The light then off; then turned off. turning off, If the seconds operation then off The the when the back while operating. this the USB and If turning off the while the PC follow the below. If the turned off without following the the PC If or the Hardware" the Select DVD the and Stop Publishing
The the when turning the back while operating. this the USB and of publishing To write to and to that created/edited Publish New with this EPSON The three of publishing This as the input and or as the selected as the output to created once. Also, to the input and published from the the to published If selected as without the while This This and as the input and as the of (CD and DVD) each of the and of This creating batches of once. If selected to created once. If other than selected, to created once. Since to without the while This Batch This and as the input and and as the Publishing
You to once without and while To this to the This Batch to Select to from the following. Both both and to write efficiently If and write other automatically. of write Select to the of write the of write to writing write the of write the to without write Select Publishing
that If this with write This to the which the write The with the write to the Ejected to Ejected to Batch Ejected to or The the following The incorrect type found the Not enough to the Notice CD/DVD writing and the of sunlight. warped or the and from operating normally. as Printable the or Printable with CDs/DVDs and writing to CDs/DVDs, to CD/DVD the CD/DVD writing to If fingerprints, or scratches the while writing using the the first or or appears and reduced. If publishing of of the first published. If found, Head writing and separately, its recommended to writing. If write to to each other and or or scratches the write Publishing
sticking, sticking, or to CD/DVD, and the amount of CDs/DVDs. the first the to or touching the of CDs/DVDs, they completely and them of sunlight. the CD/DVD type, smearing the of If the the too high. that the of the the of the the smearing. High selected. Reprinting the CD/DVD the to clean the of the Please as the of the the Turning the or off while the malfunction. the turning the or off. the or therefore, the DVD and DVD as to screwdriver or the CD/DVD as this malfunction. created with this with with holding of than or the used, published CD/DVD another type of or to compatibility. Publishing
The of the write It recommended to the specified type. It recommended that while writing the Recorded It recommended to shock or the while reading or writing, as this malfunction of the or the cracked, warped, or the and malfunction or become or scratch or therefore, please with both when holding Created players. The completed of EPSON shows the of of and of printed. with software with software that CD/DVD to the following CD/DVD CD/DVD or EPSON CD/DVD Margins Loading Follow the below to CDs/DVDs. Publishing
cover while flashing), the instructs to or This write or quality. Also, reason, the while as sound cover while and the Closing the cover the to the cover. the cover. of to them from sticking together. to scratch the recording of the Publishing
with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
the cover. when to published when the LED flashing fast. Unlock the when using If and creating the EPSON to writing and the the Accessing EPSON Click to XP) or to EPSON and then EPSON To learn to EPSON to the Publishing
Publishing The following instructions to CDs/DVDs. and to CDs and to completely them or touching the Allow to least hour and other of least hours. If the the to the If the smears, the to the the that the and the and properly connected. EPSON from Publishing
Select Publish Publishing
Select the type of that the Click OK Publishing the the Publish of EPSON EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
Click the Publish button. the cover while the publishing the instructs to or This write or Also, the while as If to the cover, or the cover. Publishing
Loading Follow the below to CDs/DVDs. the cover. of to them from sticking together. to scratch the recording of the Publishing
with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
of to them from together. to scratch the recording of the CDs/DVDs with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
the cover. when to published when the LED flashing fast. Unlock the when If Publishing
the the turned and the and properly connected. Click the the Publish of EPSON Publishing
Select Publish Publishing
Select the type of that Publishing
the type of that Click OK and creating the EPSON to writing and the the Accessing EPSON Click to XP) or to EPSON and then EPSON To learn to EPSON to the Publishing
Publishing The following instructions to CDs/DVDs. and If the or correctly when CD/DVD the properly. If CD/DVD as the the and high-quality CD/DVD, high-quality CD/DVD to CDs and to completely them or touching the Allow specified to least hour and other of least hours. If the the to the If the smears, the to the Publishing the the Publish of EPSON EPSON To EPSON from the Publishing
Click the Publish the cover while the publishing the instructs to or This write or Also, reason, the while as If to the cover, or the cover. Publishing
Batch Loading CDs/DVDs Follow the below to CDs/DVDs. the cover. of to them from sticking together. to scratch the recording of the Publishing New with this
with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
of to them from sticking together. to scratch the recording of the with the facing the the the otherwise, the or Publishing
that there when using using to the located when Publishing
the cover. and creating the EPSON to writing and the the Accessing EPSON Click to XP) or to EPSON and then EPSON To learn to EPSON to the Publishing The following instructions to CDs/DVDs. and If the or correctly when CD/DVD that the properly. If CD/DVD as the the and high-quality CD/DVD, high-quality CD/DVD to CDs and to completely using them or touching the Allow specified to least hour and other of least hours. If the the to the If the smears, the to the Publishing
the that the turned and the and properly connected. Click the the Publish of EPSON or EPSON Publishing
Select Batch Publish Publishing
Select the type of that the Click OK Publishing
Publishing the the Publish of EPSON EPSON To EPSON from the Click the Publish button. the covers while the publishing the instructs to or This write or quality. Also, reason, the while as If to the covers, or the cover. Publishing
Follow the below to the published from the the cover, and the the published from the The to the publishing the following of Batch to the the and then the cover. Batch to to Publishing
Canceling Publishing If to follow the instructions below. and the of EPSON appears Select the to the Unfinished and then from the Publishing
Cartridges Checking the Cartridge the or of If the displayed. the the EPSON To the the following: EPSON appears when You the from this You EPSON from the EPSON If of the the incompatible with the or improperly EPSON of the to or such with the Cartridges
Precautions Cartridge the instructions this section the Unlocked and This with IC that the amount of each Cartridges they and each the their reliability. If to temporarily, to the supply from and the the as the the with supply facing The the to that released. recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding the following operations: head cleaning and charging when efficiency, only when ready to with when the Other products that covered warranties, and of the reach of allow children to from or the when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. recommends the of The of that covered warranties, and the ready to the the the obtained otherwise, the head You with expended, the other the Cartridges
off the or cover while light flashing). of covers the to of the consumed. Cartridge the ready to the This the of the lights and the actions to Lights Action flashing To follow the below. the from the ready to with another. The of the light the instructions the the that the light flashing. the cover. Cartridges
seconds or the the the slightly (If the the indicated flashing light.) If to expended. To the of each the following section: EPSON the straight of the of properly. the from the Cartridges
the IC the of the This the immediately the If the promptly, the head and to the Other products that covered warranties, and the the Then the clicks Cartridges
finished the cover. Cartridges
Chapter Product Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or that 17:07:16Unlocked and to the the head You the head from using the Check the Follow the below to the that with or that lights indicating and that the cover closed. Access the Accessing the Click the then the Follow the on-screen instructions. the of the with the shown below. If there such as or the the head Product
If of the as shown below, this or head. Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or that New of IJ LFP, to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You the head from using the Head Cleaning the or from the using the buttons. Clean the head the or the incorrect or the first to that the head to cleaned. This to the head. the head. the first. Product
the Head Cleaning Follow the below to the head the Head Cleaning the turned that lights indicating and that the cover closed. Access the Accessing the Click the then the Head Cleaning Follow the on-screen instructions. The light flashes while the the cleaning light flashing. Doing the off the while the If repeating this about four the off and least hours. Then the and the head cleaning necessary. If the least of or and to replaced. Cartridge If the <Normal> Product
the buttons Follow the below to the head the buttons. the turned that lights indicating and that the cover closed. Press and the Cleaning three seconds. light flashing. The cleaning the head and the light flashing. Doing off the while the the light flashing, to that the the head clean. Checking the Head If repeating this about four the off and least Then the and the head cleaning necessary. If the least of or and to replaced. Cartridge If the the Head If of or to this the Head the Head Follow the below to the head using the Head that with or that lights indicating and that the cover closed. Product
Access the Accessing the Click the then the Head Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. Correcting the If of to this the Correcting the the Correcting the Follow the below to the and the Correcting the Position that or with or that lights indicating and that the cover closed. Access the Accessing the Click the then the Correcting the button. Follow the on-screen instructions to the and Cleaning Product Cleaning the of the To operating its thoroughly year the following Product New Only. of SPC,
or thinner to the These chemicals the to from the If or other of the affecting quality, the to the off and the lights off, and then the from the cloth to or If the off, using cloth with Then, the of the with cloth. cleaning the the cover and the to the from to the that located the of the the section. Cleaning the of the To their clean the using the following the turned off and the lights off, and then the from the the cover, and the from the clean cloth to or from the and of the Product
the back the to from the the of the with the or service attached to or should with cloth with Cleaning the Clean the located the of the once months. If using the clean shorter the turned off and the lights off, and then the from the and the screws from the covers to them. the from the covers. to the the If the or off, the with to them completely the back Product
the back Tighten the screws to the covers. Product If to and to the and Warning: The heavy, people the or the vertically, or from the the Removing the the head and the from Turn off the and its cord. the interface from the the cover. the with then the cover. the cover and them with Product
the protective to both of the the and the the to the protective and from the using to the the as shown below. Product
Chapter Troubleshooting the Troubleshooting first the then apply the fixed. The information that to and the and the EPSON to the section below. If relating to publishing related to publishing quality, or feeding or the to the section. To to Canceling You the lights If the New and the lights or flashing, the following to the then follow the recommended corrective Condition of lights the operation. Troubleshooting
off, flashing, flashing associated with cover associated with Lights Conditions/Remedies Lights Conditions/Remedies cover or cover covers. cover or cover while the the to Turn off the and the from the If the from the and to causing to the Also, that the the Troubleshooting
Lights Conditions/Remedies Turn off the and the If the frequently, Arm to release Turn off the and from the the This the arm. If from the arm, the and the To the from the arm, the and the If the Turn off the and then the If the frequently, from the the This the arm. To the from the arm, the and the If the and the of the head. If the publishing the and Troubleshooting
associated with Lights Conditions/Remedies or correctly that correctly correctly that correctly correctly Batch that correctly that below the overloaded that below the published from published from Troubleshooting
associated with Lights Conditions/Remedies To which nearly expended, the Checking the Cartridge Incorrectly the The light flashing or the lights and they Troubleshooting
associated with Lights Conditions/Remedies Please authorized service service the right The and the function. to service the yourself. If nearly Nearly the software. There lights indicating Please authorized service service the right The nearly and the functioning when the becomes to service the yourself. Product occurred. Turn off the and Turn off the and If the frequently, Leaving the off the of head. to the immediately turned off. If the and the of the head. If the publishing the and Troubleshooting
associated with Lights Conditions/Remedies Turn off the and Also, the to clear the Then, the If the frequently, Turn off the the and then the of the If the frequently, Writing The cleared repeated the of the and If there with the the with EPSON and the If the frequently, occurred, such as the or the enough the the from the type the EPSON The cleared repeated the of that the and Then, the EPSON the type that the as the the If the the frequently, Troubleshooting
Other EPSON If while appear the EPSON If appears the the the of their service or the the saturated. to Checking Product EPSON EPSON displays information the New There three to EPSON to the EPSON appears. the EPSON the Publish From the XP and Click to XP) or to EPSON and then EPSON Lights Conditions/Remedies Turn the off and If the frequently, Troubleshooting
EPSON the following appears: EPSON the following information: You of to Unfinished and Finished and its information, and and unfinished This information. It displays as as helpful Cartridge This graphic of the This graphic of the and It shows where Quality If then it with the below. Click the the that Troubleshooting
Incorrect or Blurry or smeared the of the the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head within months the Troubleshooting
the light. If the light flashing, the Cartridge the type selected the the type of the Publishing the Head the Head the type selected the the type of the Publishing the of the the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the Head the type selected the the type of the Publishing to the the of the type of from the the Incorrect or the or the the the Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the light. If the light flashing, the Cartridge Troubleshooting
If the the expired. If the the Cartridge Blurry or smeared the that the The properly dirty, or too and the facing the type selected the the type of the Publishing or allow to with the of with finish. allow the to hours the Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head Printout Incorrect or characters Clear from the XP and Unlocked and Turn off the and the interface securely Uninstall the then Uninstalling EPSON Troubleshooting
Incorrect the that the within the of the the the the the Uninstall the then Uninstalling EPSON The location the used. Head or Correcting the Correcting the The from the of the the location to appear shifted from the the shifted from the of the or from the outer Printout Check, Head and Head Printed smeared or the the Uninstall the then Uninstalling EPSON too the type selected the the type of the Publishing that to bi-directional. Troubleshooting
If continuously the temporarily feeding or the while. This to the and the from overheating and If this to and the about thirty with the (The recover with the off.) the Uninstall the then Uninstalling EPSON to the recording the type of to the recording they right of the type of or the CD/DVD Not Correctly feed the of and of the following: The The too the instructions that with the information. The of fits the the together of incorrect of the therefore, should thoroughly the Also, the of to to each other If the of the operating the the If the The expended. If expended, Cartridge Troubleshooting
the fits the the of the the of and that the too thin. from the and them them back. If only found when feed displayed, thickness or of If the to If the or when off/on the New If the restarting the follow the below: If the off the the from the and the cover located the of the Then the the cover. removing the clean the If the off the the from the and then the to the forcibly. Then, the from the and the and to the when the the operation, the should to the the of the turned off and than with the If easily force and the If while hand. This the arm. If such turn off/on the and the the If the to If frequently, of the following: The smooth, You high-quality Troubleshooting
The of the the The of The of the the The of the the specified that Mechanical The that the The properly Writing write to the the where or It write If write frequently, the following: The The high-quality. The within The to or shock. The with The The Product Not lights off Press the to the Turn off the and that the securely that outlet and switch or Troubleshooting
Lights and then The match the outlet Turn off the and immediately. Then the the back of the If the match, DO NOT PLUG YOUR PRODUCT BACK IN. the light If the lightly, the although the light flashes while. Press the firmly. Turn off the and the interface securely If trying to enough memory. reducing the of or the You to memory Uninstall the then Uninstalling EPSON The light flashing or the the correctly Software the USB that the USB connected. the USB match the and the The USB to the and the should High-Speed USB. the HDD The software the HDD free of than 10GB. as with to the group) the software, as user with to the group). Troubleshooting
using USB The USB should connected directly the PC and the the software, to the off; then installation. Nearly the software nearly Please authorized service the right The nearly and the functioning when the becomes to service the yourself. Troubleshooting
Where To Contacting Customer Contacting If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with the United States and information, and services Technical Support: Location: America Inc. URL: New to sections The "other" products SPC, and SIDM. Where To New products
This the user with to the and the (EMEA) information, and services URL: If the or other downloadable, the or Where To
Product Information Product and Functions Product cover: the when or the and the lights to the section cover: when or the the or off. Product Information New
AC the cord. USB USB from to the Interface locking this directing and gathering the least the back of the and the cover: this cover when the the cover, to the from the to this cover while Writes the recording of o Product Information
Arm: as input to as input or to this to or the when Batch as to as to Prints of Writes the recording of Function cleaning Lights Light Press and seconds to the head. On when the Flashes when the charging or cleaning the head. Flashes when processed. Product Information
INK STACKER the following instructions. and You the following with this New C13S020447 Light C13S020448 Light C13S020449 C13S020450 C13S020451 Black C13S020452 To purchase PP-100 with the where purchased PP-100 or of the following (United States and On when such as when the or cover the to the or writing Flashes when On when or correctly Flashes when nearly expended. On when the with or when the and Flashes when the correctly or the of the light flashes Product Information
offers the specified CD-R and DVD-R New using the To this of the following operating XP Service or higher Service or higher CPU or higher Memory MB RAM or GB or free HDD or Interface USB XGA or higher or Other CD: sound with If FAT, write to DVD. ATI South Bridge IPX460 or earlier incompatible with this to the and that supported. The function properly third writing software software and another USB connected. The should MMC4 or higher and of reading Product Information New
Technical Specifications the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other If switch to higher of The specified Thermal supported. The specified the If high and high to each other. If used, please the Please the recording and they fingerprints, or scratches. and the recording should with cloth, CD cleaner, or thinner, or CD/DVD: CD-R, DVD-R, DVD+R, DVD-R DL, DVD+R DL Thickness Printable other than the specified supported. CD-R, DVD-R Notes the The specified the If high and high to each other. If used, please the the Touching the with or splashing the with right and stickiness. Product Information New
high and high humidity, which and stickiness of the the its and or the These scratch the with with holding than or the used, the writing to the recommended. to the This the to or The recording the the of the and of such the to It recommended to the Printable the the The from of the EPSON the or manually. Following shows the and the CD/DVD: New CD/DVD CD/DVD Product Information
to the and the within the shown sections the CD/DVD The EPSON of to of to to sticking. It to the type of the used, the the of the of the Precautions the that the the of the used. whether of the the sticking, sticking, and Measures to when the sticking, sticking, and the following action to that. Drying the and Although throughput reduced, or reduced the Publish If from another from the the If from the from with software that CD/DVD to the following CD/DVD CD/DVD or EPSON CD/DVD Margins Light Light Cartridge within months of the to C to F) month C F) Product Information
recommends the of Other products that covered warranties, and the the its the Other products that covered and The with partly to high-quality the head with This one-off of and therefore these to high or or sunlight. To that and to head, the when to the The include this Cartridge based printed, type, of and amount of the the This with and of the from the first its www.discproducer.epson.com information about Mechanical type to Width: inches) with AC to Rated to Rated Depth: inches) inches) Product Information New New
the the back of the its Operation: to C to F) Operation:* to RH Without and UL60950-1 CAN/CSA-C22.2 EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class 2006/95/EC EN60950-1 EMC 2004/108/EC EN55022 Class EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN55024 Interface USB Class computers) USB PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT to C to F) month C F) to RH Product Information New New New
of this to as follows: Expected life: About life: About to The expected to become and about The the combined the burners, with the based burning only, and the high based burning CDs only. Expected only based such factors as printed, type, of and of CDs burned. Product Information