PM CPD-23839R1 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX PM
TM and TM easy-to-use, memory and ready to light and whenever and wherever as and from as they Introduction to Photography With the the the photo and back and Since them back The and follow the shown the right. and them the memory choose and To photo them to CD, or Then them (On the built-in CD Clear the Memory Card to them from to
with becomes with these features: From photo and to the to You right from required. If DPOF Format), which to while the memory the to OK and If PictBridge or USB DP (USB Direct the to and right from If to or other without outlets, the optional battery. If Bluetooth PDA, or wirelessly to the optional Bluetooth
Supported these with (without JPEG or TIFF from to and the first memory Where to Information cover both and to and and Turn On the to the Release the to the back of the to the the from its the other of the the photo that with TM (PM TM (PM Follow these to or and required! the to the back. shown throughout, the the To from the and CD completing these Unpack the straight the clicks It the with these items the the the the right, to the I/ On Press the On to Initial photo this the the (this to directly from memory from and from other the and Software CD the and from the of the the back of the head to and displays the the Initial Cartridge the Charging the OK the from the Turn around and the the Press Turn The on-screen from the CD instructions Where to and The following and and You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca The everything to and photo You wherever or from that T5846 T5845-M
and Turn or off optional through and options back the of to CD only) Stop or
to with to: (below) memory memory The this the instructions cover both and where noted. Loading Dont this the to the back. the Press the of the to
the outward. of to sheets of and the slightly them. the the with the or whiter the slightly. or whiter of or whiter to the and to curling. information. Memory Card Press the On to Press the of the to necessary. the memory the as shown the cant once. the the the the memory light and to flash. while the memory light flashing;
Top ready to choose and SD TM and SDHC TM (High Capacity) TM and and MMC TM TM Card TM Card and H) Memory Memory TM Memory Memory PRO TM Memory PRO TM TM Memory Memory TM TM CompactFlash and II) capacity 128MB Memory Card ready to memory first the memory light flashing. while the memory light flashing; Top the and release then straight of the and release the release Then the to and straight of the
Choose and memory displays the (shown right). You the of the or lowering the top of the to the closing the You and choose from the following options them: the If DPOF Format), to the and to then the selected To slideshow of To and easy to the to the that the Screen memory displayed the of of this photo of to to options
Press the to switch photo with or without photo with of or as shown: photo, with Responding to If the about to Press to back You the photo to the to memory or to photo OK to You the the photo, indicating that printed: If to the or photo, instructions. To than to increase the of or to Then OK
To or to photo and OK to to necessary. To The shows the and other chosen, information about Press or to selected If the enough loaded, then to You the of sheets the You the memory and the of to of each photo. of Press OK to choose Select then OK to choose If than of each to increase the of Press to To photos, Press or to selected If
If to the or instructions. enough loaded, then to If than to while of that and OK to If to Stop/Clear You If of memory this to the Press OK to choose Select Press or to highlight Select then OK You of Press or to highlight the then or to appears the the selected You selecting the OK The the selected appear the Press or to the selected Follow the to the of each, and
Camera-Selected DPOF If DPOF Format), to which and to to choose with DPOF, then memory reads and displays this Press OK to If to from the instructions. enough loaded, then Slideshow of You the memory Press or to highlight then OK Press OK to the slideshow displays the memory as continuously To the or Stop/Clear If to OK to
and printed and Follow these to they Caring To scratches or the of the photo. To they completely hours the to as the this the than To as as them or of the to Unused to the to curling, and from high humidity, and bright light.
More With the button, and section of the Choose from of from that too light or to the amount of and black-and-white or and to text the The features this section or the they the that You learn to or memory or Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight or then OK Press or to highlight the topic with. Then OK to the or animation.
and You of photo, the that The to the affects the photo to Press the You photo with of options the of the the to Press to to Press or to the to of photo. Press to photo. Press OK You to the photo as shown the Press OK to You and photo. Follow the instructions to the of photo, and The appears the to that cropped.
Choosing the without If to with white or of the to the Press or to highlight then OK Press OK to Press or to highlight the then OK You these choices: Wallet Wallet Proof Sheet of each US of each CD of each photo aspect
to the without expanded and around the This of to off. You the amount of and instructions. At the photo selection OK to the photo the and US of each other layouts, to or or of and of another, of and of B. Then choose as the sheets of as shown: Press or to other then to If the correct, to Reducing Red-Eye of they appear to You reduction to this Red-eye reduction and when this Select photo with the Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Red-Eye then OK Press or to highlight On then OK Select whether to apply the to the or then OK the to about the
Fixing the and the of without of The which selected and increases and sharpness. It that too too light, or You the following of People, or Night If PRINT (P.I.M.) or Print, the P.I.M. the If too light or too manually their brightness or the and sharpness. If while P.I.M. or to These only They Automatically Fixing to the Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK
Press or to highlight of the following This and increases and sharpness. It that too too bright, or the P.I.M.: This information that include P.I.M. (PRINT or Prints as or P.I.M. or Select this the Press OK to apply the selected The to the If of Press or to highlight the then OK If of the AUTO the to about the Manually Fixing You manually or once. You corrections each memory that to Press Press or to highlight then OK
Press or to highlight Brightness or Sharpness then OK You to the Press or to increase or the You the photo. the OK At the whether to apply the to the photo or then OK through to other to the photo, necessary. through to the correction the to about the You the originally to the right of each The from from the If this information incorrect, the This layouts. Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Highlight On then OK The You the the to about the expanded and cropped. If off around the the amount of and
Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK You MAX MID or MIN Press or to MIN and reduce the amount of Then OK the and OK If white the of with the MIN to and MID or MAX Black-and-White or You black-and-white or tone old-fashioned photo) when the originals You apply the to photo or currently selected Select or to black-and-white or Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Effect then OK You this Press or to Black White or then OK You the photo. At the whether to apply the to the or then OK You photo(s) with the selected.
Decorating You and to from built-in You to four to each photo. Select photo that to Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Decorate then OK Press or to highlight Decoration then OK You selection of Press or to the the to highlighted, OK You the If to and the and of the Press to to Press or to the to of photo. Press to the Press OK You with the applied, and to Press OK You that allows to another If to another OK and through You photo or and them with or without
Text If allows to text to the with the This only. Select the that text Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Text then OK Highlight On then OK the text the to about the the selected. information. You This the the Select the photo to Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK. Select or (or Not rotated the Press OK Select whether to apply the to the or then OK
to CD of the memory them to CD its built-in CD With CD the on-screen instructions. to the CD You to CD using the built-in CD CDs and brand. The following with this CD-R CD-RW CD-RW High CD-RW both 650MB and 700MB each type of CD. You of thumbnail to sheetof the copied. turned Copying to CD If the optional battery, charged, or the AC memory
Press the CD to the then the CD the and the Gently the back The light the front of the flashes, indicating that the CD read. If to the memory to the To the to (Press or to Then OK when to Press the to CD highlight then OK At the whether to or the selected then OK the warning OK At the OK to of or Not If necessary, loaded. The once the
Follow the instructions the to the The CD when the finished. Each to the CD, numbered where If another CD to the the another CD and OK the Also, the memory or CD while or or CD. If to of from the CD, instructions.
From PictBridge- or USB (this USB-connected such as CD or memory (thumb) Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth CD using built-in CD only; Once connected to from memory to the on-screen instructions. From You that PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT to and the to to PictBridge or USB DIRECT-PRINT. included with there memory You memory or the from the from Turn
USB to and the EXT. I/F the back of to and instructions.) If to and then Direct information, finished, memory From If CD, memory (thumb) or the to the back of and when memory You from CD that from should JPEG or CDs If connected to or off the
CD or USB or memory to the EXT. I/F the back of CD or CD or with the If memory already the as the to the or To the highlight Select, and OK Then choose Select Source, OK, and Once displayed, and them memory If there the CD, or searches those and displays them. Wirelessly From Bluetooth You wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDA, or when the optional Bluetooth The C12C824383) from or Although with the Bluetooth specification, to with that Bluetooth wireless the or the Bluetooth while with or while this to malfunction.
the the the EXT. I/F the back of within about of Select the to from Bluetooth and to directly to with Bluetooth the included with Bluetooth Double-click Bluetooth Follow the on-screen to choose and or instructions Bluetooth and Printing automatically. If Bluetooth the the from memory or instead. instructions selecting Bluetooth and the on-screen
Disconnecting the then the of its or the Bluetooth while with or while this to malfunction. From the CD You from CD or DVD built-in CD If and to from CD or DVD, the software and the to the section instructions. turned Press the to the then the CD or DVD the and the
Gently the back The light the front of the flashes, indicating that the CD or DVD read. If memory already the or the CD as the to the CD or DVD. To the highlight Select, and OK. Then choose Select Source, OK, and CD. Once displayed, and them memory If to of the CD or DVD, and CD to photo thumbnails each to from CD or DVD, back memory them CD built-in CD or on-screen Ejecting the CD or DVD Press the to the then the the CD or DVD, then the back
From To with first: the software from the CD as to with USB If USB from or from Once software and connected to instructions from Once connected to memory and or the memory as You from to the memory instructions. Periodically, to to software. Download instructions Software and Connecting DO NOT to the software. REMOVE memory from Follow the (below) If the software, Software NOT connected to and NOT memory Press the On to Turn
If New and from the CD CD/DVD With this Click the option to then the Account this Next. the and You this Click OK
this the USB to USB Then the other to the USB the back of The software. If this memory and the the to
If the below, only With as If another this the that Next ArcSoft and on-screen the Creative Icon. finished, You the Follow the on-screen instructions to the CD and from Software NOT memory the USB to USB Macintosh. Then the other to the USB the back of Press the On to
Turn Macintosh. the the CD CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the EPSON Read the and You the Click then follow the instructions to the to the ArcSoft PhotoImpression then follow the instructions to the software. Click then Creative the Creative Click You the Follow the on-screen instructions to the CD and To as the Applications and OS Click
OS OS or EPSON USB the top and below.) Click then the (or from From Follow these basic instructions (below) instructions ArcSoft PhotoImpression, From You from the or the and XP
with the the to Right-click the photo, highlight With and Click the the top of the then from the that appears. selected, then choose as the type selected as the Click the right of the screen and
You the Choose from the following to without Select to with white around. expanded. If too of off, the to If white photo, or You the Option and the the (the Correction the of that too or cast. Correction choose the of photo that appropriately. You People, or Night choose from effects: old-fashioned or Black White If photo with Correction to Select to the of photo Select to what Select the of to information about
Click OK to the Gallery, to this appears showing the of You or and with the XP and the to Right-click the photo, highlight With and and or Click the the of the Click Next
this the photo(s) this EPSON to and Next and Preferences Preferences
You the Choose from the following Select to without Select to with white around. expanded. If too of photo off, the to If white photo, or You the Option and the the photo (the Correction the of that too or Correction choose the of that appropriately. You People, or Night choose from effects: old-fashioned or Black White If with Correction to Select to the of photo to what Select the of to information about
Click OK At the Next this and Next this appears showing the of You or and or
From You from and the photo to From the Select from the Format the and the option. You Select to without Select to with white around. iPhoto expands of to the iPhoto Select the photo to facing right, or facing as the Click OK Select from the Select
from the To the information about Choose from the following Select to the of You the Option and the the (the the to fashioned Black White to black-and-white. expanded. If too of off, the to If white photo, or iPhoto expands of to the iPhoto You choose other options the including: to the of or Summary to of selections Click
To the of the or when it appears the If clicked the From this the following: To the and To the and To and If and to the other(s), the and the arrow to finished, the or
the The photo and photo these (to the right) the If to the of If while the and the without turning off and within months of and the the To and Other products or other to covered warranty. and photo sheets) and You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca You wherever or from that The following Supported T5846 T5845-M
the the Once the the right the the Cartridge the the back of the to the Release try to the without the
the and of properly. recycling Warning: of the reach of children and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with If or flushing, immediately. to the This or other to covered warranty. the from its Dont the board. the immediately. If using the straight the clicks The the You to the to Dont the the
the the right, to the If the correctly, to the the Checking You the of Press Press or to highlight then OK Highlight and OK You the displayed the photo Press OK to If the should The the
With You easy to If the optional battery, about anywhere, outlet You optional Carrying PMBAG06) from If to to from of the and or other location where too or too cold. or the CD the CD only). Press the On to off. the On light then the from the and the then the and the and connected USB or the and the accessory the that or the optional carrying the the photo Dont its or or If as the head
the Optional Battery To the optional battery, with or to www.MyPictureMate.com. information purchasing and With battery, about (or when from built-in CD the Battery turned off. the AC from Release the and the cover from the back of the the as shown clicks Charging the Battery the battery, to charge connecting the AC and the
The light flashes charging when off. It about hours to charge the when off. It when while The light off when the turned off). The following appear the right of the Charging Flashing If with the battery, the off connected to and memory On to turn back Press the White Removing the Battery If there with battery, or to with that already to the battery. off. Release the and the battery. the cover.
Preferences You the the You the following Turn the off or the right) Turn that allows to from the to or Spanish directly from Bluetooth the to their Turning or On the that selected and to Then If to this off. You to once to Press Press or to highlight then OK
Press or to highlight Confirm then OK Press or to choose or On then OK Turning the Confirmation On or the to the If to the to the following confirmation: You or to to Follow these to the confirmation: Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Confirm then OK Press or to choose or On then OK You the to or Spanish. Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK Press or to choose the then OK If the the the appear the the right
Direct directly from cant the when from memory Instead, the Direct the Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Direct then OK Press or to of the following then OK Effect Red-Eye Brightness Sharpness Bluetooth If the optional Bluetooth wirelessly from Bluetooth- PDA, or The allows to and security Bluetooth Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Bluetooth then OK Press OK to Bluetooth You the following Press or to the first then to to the
to as Bluetooth Then OK At the OK The Bluetooth Communication to or Encryption information about Bluetooth on-screen Returning to You to the Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight then OK You this Press OK to the or to back to the without restoring the the Press OK to
and Troubleshooting If with or to these Cleaning the head the right) the head Cleaning and Software with feeding Where to Cleaning the Head If as as to too light, or through themPictureMates head cleaning. If the displays to the head the Follow these to the head: cleaning the head. Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight Cleaning then OK
You Press OK to the head. Cleaning about seconds. and Cleaning cleaning and displays this the to there or If the OK, OK to finish. If the or to the head You to or three the clean. If cleaning three Quality You the head. Follow through Then OK cleaning
the Head If and as as to or light or through themyou to the head. the head Press Press or to highlight then OK Press or to Head then OK You Press The printed: You the Head the to which the with or white (You to Press or to the the to Then OK
Press or to highlight the the to Then OK the head and the The becomes the the the head. Cleaning To its should Follow these Turn off the and the and USB or then to clean or from the and output Clean the with cloth. cloth to the photo or cleaners or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or and The On light and Press the On to turn the and AC securely connected both outlet and switch or If the optional battery, the AC and to charge the battery. If the optional battery, off On to used. Press the back
The photo screen The off used. Press to turn back The first the charges its head about three charging finishes off, or charge improperly and the when or while. sounds as though nothing to The head cleaning. properly or and correctly, and the resting the The off. the the the memory correctly. memory and the first memory JPEG or TIFF and with JPEG or RAW to memory
too It to them. If or location, to cooler and these Dont than with than Turn off features such as and red-eye reduction. JPEG photo than TIFF Software Follow the instructions to software. Dont to instructed to. other including and protection software, and try the on-screen To the on-screen instructions Quality You (light The head cleaning. to with the or whiter of the The replacing. The head The head or smeared. to absorption of and to with the or whiter of the The head cleaning. The head
isnt or curled, or or whiter If or curled, of each from the each photo or the The head cleaning. The or to isnt dirty, or If with the or whiter Colors photo or the to Black White or The head cleaning. The or to Colors slightly hours and Turn the or P.I.M. manually the brightness, or sharpness. With or The correctly or If feed, the slightly, and the the to the of the them too tight. If feed once, the the sheets, and If sheets the and OK to the Dont from the top of the resting the
If incorrectly or frequently: with the or whiter and the sheets slightly. of sheets. beneath the arrow the Dont this or or to curling. Printout The head cleaning. The or incorrect. Select directly from or from Crop to and only of expands If off too around the the amount of directly from or from
Where to Technical these technical services: and to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product [PM or [PM Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO- EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Other Software Technical ArcSoft PhotoImpression Telephone: AM to PM through www.arcsoft.com
Notices Instructions the following instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the If the where the of restricted, such as or follow instructions those through the the to the and the AC the or the photo products that or around the Doing fire. the off the On the or off the to the outlet the On light the that the the photo the the head and the from or to the memory or off the while the and the memory (when the memory light flashing). The using memory to type. to to the with memory memory with the the that the of the The properly If the the than inches the back of the and the or the its or from the enough front of the the to ejected. to and humidity. Also, the and the AC from sunlight, light, or heat of the and or other location where too or too cold. or
to shock, or enough around the to allow the AC outlet where the easily or the the AC or the optional or cover the and the supply should to and top of cords and allow the AC or power-supply cords to or to power-supply cords straight the and the where they and the AC the power-supply that with this of another fire or shock, or The AC A381H with the with which included. to with other specified. only the type of indicated the AC and supply directly from outlet with the AC that the the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. or cord, or the AC or optional If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the or to the AC cord, and options as specifically the Doing injury, shock, or fire. the and the AC the optional from the and servicing to service the following The or the the the AC or the optional or the casing the the AC or the optional normally or performance. that covered the operating instructions.) with
WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other with Health Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the the from the this when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this or to them. This the head. the immediately from its If using photo the the otherwise, reduced the photo within months of from allow to least three hours photo cool, each that the of its the IC the of the Doing and The IC the photo of cartridge-related information, such as the amount of that the and freely. each the the If the the supply from and and the as the the supply covers or unnecessary, the items that with this of the the supply or the surrounding
Screen Instructions The bright or These and that the cloth to the or cleansers. If the If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. Please and regulations or recycling. the Battery Instructions If or immediately the affected thoroughly with and treatment. If treatment immediately. D121A this to the the the with incorrect AC A381H to the battery and the charge or the with other than the specified the with other the or other or To the of the battery. the with or the to or high humidity. or the battery. the or fire or that or the this the near or locations. the from heat the vehicle to the from overheating. as they or short-circuit the from with that short-circuit such as or wires or terminals directly to the battery. the from or If overheating, or the from this and
Charge the it the of the from the and to the battery. the where the or high. the battery of reach. of the battery, completely. Warning: of as ordinary Instead, of them or recycle with or of the fire. the United States and This that the RBRC. of the battery, RBRC. Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the warranty please the SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty.
What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON- INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA
From the Cartridge with of that purchasing and The of of stated the The photo the enough to allow of about the stated of of the of with based with of based printed, type, of and of the or and white or Cartridge. Also, the Cartridge once should with within months. amount of the the You to with Cartridge than the of of this the the used. You with from another or the which from or There other to with the Cartridge. other reproduction, or fading. Both Cartridge and included the with The included enough to allow of about the of included sheets. The other apply to the and included the Satisfaction If than the of of stated the sheets of with the and UPC from the within of purchase and the of sheets of The amount of the the of stated and the purchased of with of sheet This Satisfaction prorated that covers the U.S. and It of or of the or or
This Satisfaction to the Cartridge and which included the with with the than the of included. The per-sheet that Procedure Please follow this the Satisfaction found the below, or this to to U.S.A. and or www.mypicturemate.com/satisfactionguarantee the following items to: Satisfaction P.O. EL TX completed Satisfaction UPC of Copy of from the If based the of to with the and which included the with please completed Satisfaction Copy of UPC of Copy of which included the Customer Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing
as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B382D B382C FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written
of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning the of Copyrighted each user to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright PRINT Matching, and the PRINT and USB DIRECT-PRINT, and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. service of America, Inc. SD SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, Memory PRO Memory Memory Stick, and Memory of Corporation. Card of DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and The Bluetooth Bluetooth SIG, Inc., U.S.A. and to Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-23839R1
New to Edge Memory light Memory (catches CD only) EXT. I/F USB Optional cover Cartridge release Cartridge The everything to and photo The following and Product sheets) and T5846 photo sheets) and T5845-M rechargeable C12C831082 carrying PMBAG06 Bluetooth C12C824383 You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca information, offers, and related www.MyPictureMate.com.
New to photo Edge Memory light Memory (catches CD only) EXT. I/F USB The everything to and The following and Product and photo T5846 photo and T5845-M rechargeable C12C831082 carrying PMBAG06 Bluetooth C12C824383 Optional cover You and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Cartridge release information, offers, and related www.MyPictureMate.com. Cartridge
CPD-23839R1 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX PM PM