rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or anyconsumable products other thanthose as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. Microsoft, and NT of Microsoft Corporation. IBM of International Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation, Reference NPD0748-00
Chapter the the the protective Assembling the Connecting the to Computer. Connecting the the the Software the software XP, or the software or NT DOS Chapter the
Unpacking the These items included the with the protective Follow the written the to the protective and protective to the the Chapter the
Assembling the the turned off and both of the and to the release to the that the clicks. the
the head to the of the hand. the from the the the the of the Then both of the clicks Chapter the
both of the and of the the the of the head and clicks Chapter the
Turn the ribbon-tightening to the the release back to the to its that the clicks. The should or creased. Chapter the
the cover. Connecting the to Connecting the both the and off, then the interface the and USB, or to the and The interface only the of the USB that the the release the hand. It the Chapter the
the the turned off, then the the AC and properly grounded the Software the software XP, or Installingthe printersoftware forWindows If information. Turn off protection the software. that the turned off, then the CD-ROM the CD-ROM The SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT appears. Chapter the
the If with the Click and then follow the instructions. the the software from PR2 to ESC/P. the software or NT the software NT If information. If the SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT appear, the CD-ROM. Chapter the
The the following section from the operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the that the turned off, then the CD-ROMintotheCD-ROMdrive.The SOFTWARELICENSE AGREEMENT appears. the If with the terms, Click the of the that Click and then follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, CD-ROM, and OK the displayed, the to with the installation. If the SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT appear, the CD-ROM. If PC shipped with without the CD-ROM, and ready to If the and If using NT, to Chapter the
Click to the the then OK and follow the instruction the Select the the then OK If using NT, CD-ROM when prompted the Chapter the
prompted, the CD-ROM, then OK ready to the the software from PR2 to ESC/P. If the and If appears, The of If using NT, to path. If the If follow the instructions the the
DOS To the from DOS to the Ifthe include choose the first from the below. Choose the the the or If the include choose the first from the below: PLQ-20 LQ-510/550/1010 LQ-2090 LQ-200 LQ-2080/2180 LQ-500 LQ-2070/2170 LQ-860+/1060+ LQ-1070/1070+ LQ-2550 LQ-870/1170 LQ-2500 LQ-850+/1050+ LQ-800/1000 LQ-850/1050 LQ-1500 The this PLQ-20M Once the software ready to Chapter the
Chapter Instructions and Notes. Chapter Instructions
and Notes followed to injury. to to Notes information and useful the of Instructions of these instructions the follow and instructions the the the AC the the or or heat This the head and other to that they those the used. them cool touching them. Chapter Instructions
the The properly or this or or as this restricts or cover the and the and through the only the type of indicated the If of the supply or to properly grounded using the as or that switch and off. or cord. The should to and other If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the of the the only the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. Instructions
this to or other with the of the the both connected the the where easily to interface necessary. around the easy operation and to and the outlet where easily the Keepthe from potentialsources of interference, such as or the of telephones. outlet switches or timers. interruption information the memory of or outlets the as or other that fluctuations. grounded If to follow these that least PLQ-20 or PLQ-20M. that the The should Chapter Instructions
the the cleaning and with of cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or If the If the or the If the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. If to the the following: and interface they with feeding. If the to of the To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or Chapter Instructions
and that than to On and to the the the that creased or seam. that such as or with such as or that than the cover the front or back of when the that shorter than the to front. The factory front. to the that or the when the from to from the of operating the using or the to and humidity. from sunlight, light, heat or or Chapter Instructions
those that covered the user of other technician. off the least seconds turning back otherwise, the off the while the self-test. the to Then turn off the off the while the the to Then off the the to that the the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. You theprintheadby to the If the the head cool touching users: A- Chapter Instructions
NERGY TAR The International NERGY TAR Office international that through the of and other office The the and of products with that effectively reduce It which business The products office such as computers, monitors, and Their and NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. Chapter Instructions
Chapter Loading Loading the top-of-form the Chapter
Loading You vertical-fold and Follow the shown below to Turn the to the to printed. the the front the top of reaches the The to the and the ready to printed. that of the to or the front information the thickness of the Specification that included the CD-ROM. Chapter
to On and to the the the Loading You sheets and to and Follow these to sheets. Turn the that than that creased or seam. that such as or with such as or that than the the front or back cover of when the the cover The when the
the front the top of the reaches the The the to the and the ready to printed. that than that or the from to from the of that shorter than the to front. The factory front. to the that the top, the first. inch) thickness. the cover The when the cover Chapter
the top-of-form Thetop-of-formpositionistheverticalpositiononthepagewhere the If the appears too high or the this function to the top-of-form Follow these to the top-of-form The factory the top-of-form as shown below. This when the cover If to the top-of-form PR40+, that the TOF PR40+ to top-of-form turn off the The top software the top-of-form with this function. If necessary, the top-of-form software. A4 of this function. Turn off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Turn the while holding the F2 PR2: ESC/P and IBM PPDS: Chapter
Press the while the and F2 lights flashing. the Ready light of A4 the front The (HHH) the top-of-form and the Press the to the top-of-form the or the F2 to the top-of-form the Each the or F2 the Pressing these buttons (1/90-inch) of A4 the front The (HHH) the top-of-form and the You to the the and F2 buttons and the another Afterfinishingtheadjustment,turnofftheprinter.Thesetting the turned off. The top-of-form from to the PR2 and from to the ESC/P and IBM PPDS Chapter
the The the the where the If the appears too the or right the this function to the Follow these to the off the A4 sheet of using this function. the cover The when the cover Turn off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Turn the while holding the F2 Press the F2 while the and F2 lights flashing. the Ready of A4 the front The the to the and Chapter
Press the the or F2 the previous to the Each the or F2 the The and F2 lights the which selected that Afteryouselectthe turnoffthe The the turned off. Chapter
Software About Software the with and Accessing the from Accessing the from the the the with XP, and NT Accessing the from Accessing the from the the EPSON EPSON Accessing EPSON Network the as shared the the from the CD-ROM. Canceling Uninstalling the Software Uninstalling the and EPSON Chapter Software
About Software The software includes the software and EPSON The software that allows to the You to the software of the EPSON allows to the of when and with troubleshooting when the proceeding, the as the Software the software to ESC/P. The software and EPSON function ESC/P the with and You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications information. Chapter Software
the from the the apply to applications. Accessing the from the information. the to and The PLQ-20, and PLQ-20M. While the with the that the match Accessing the from Follow these to the from Chapter Software
Select or from the of software. the or displayed, that selected the Chapter Software
Click or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the Graphics, and DeviceOptions Thesemenus theprinter To the the top of the the information to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the Click the and then to Click Chapter Software
Right-click and The displays the which the Graphics, and These the To the the top of the the information to the the four Graphics, and Utility. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? Chapter Software
OK to apply the or to the to their Onceyouhave checkedyourprinterdriversettings ready to the with XP, and NT You the from or from the the from apply to the Accessing the from applications information. the from the the apply to Accessing the from the information. To and the The PLQ-20, and PLQ-20M. While the with the that the match Chapter Software
Accessing the from Follow these to the from The the following section from the operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Select or from the of software. the or displayed, that selected the Software
Click or (You to of these buttons.) The appears, and the and Paper/Quality These the Chapter Software
To the the top of the the to the Accessing the from the Follow these to the from the The this from the operating They appearance from what actually appears however, the instructions the Click the and then to Click Chapter Software
Right-click and Preferences XP or or NT The displays the which the and Paper/Quality These the Chapter Software
To the the top of the information to the the from which the and Paper/Quality. You the the software. of the You right-clicking items the and selecting Whats this? the displayed right-clicking the the software appears, which includes to the Chapter Software
OK to apply the or to changes. Once and them necessary, ready to The following the that every of Explanations Select the of the to If the to through the Select or Landscape. Select the to Graphics Dithering You this option to which the or another dithering the of Intensity/ the to or Select option from the If to On, bidirectional and increase. to the to with the the the the The higher the select, the however, increasing the Chapter Software
Explanations EPSON You EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON the and Source the and them necessary. Select the and then choose option from the Click this to the brightness and input the RGB or other The appears. the this Select the type of to when graphics. To the the halftone Select. character to use.You of three character Expanded, and or Expanded selected, the the Expanded includes than selected, the instead of the the which included each Chapter Software
Explanations EPSON You EPSON when this To the the the selected. Click this to the Preferences Preferences where EPSON EPSON information. EPSON EPSON XP, 2000,andWindowsNT4.0. Itallows youtomonitoryourprinters when and troubleshooting instructions when EPSON only when: The connected directly to the the [LPT1]. to bidirectional EPSON when the as the Software If the using the and Print EPSON function properly. If to EPSON the as the Software Software
using EPSON to the README the CD-ROM. This the information the EPSON Follow these to EPSON the as the with and or the XP, 2000,and NT Click the Preferences The Preferences appears. Chapter Software
The following Accessing EPSON of the following to EPSON Double-click the printer-shaped shortcut the To shortcut to the to the and follow the instructions. the then the EPSON To to the the with and or the with XP, and NT the item On/Off Select Shortcut The selected displayed the the the The shown the right clicking the shortcut the Preferences easily. shared Allow this selected, of other Click the to items to the Turn this to the selected shared when this selected. Chapter Software
EPSON as the following appears. You information this Network the This section to the The that directly connected to of them. The that directly to the the and the other the which to the with the The the the According to the of OS and rights the the of the and the or With or as shared Chapter Software
XP, or NT With XP, or NT as the or With or the XP or With XP or the NT With NT the the to EPSON that the shared the EPSON shared or the the Network and that the and Microsoft Networks installed. Then, the and that the or the TCP/IP The and should the and they should the The on-screen displays the following the of OS. Chapter Software
as shared With or the OS or follow these to the Click to and Double-click the Network Click and the Select the to to allow others to to printer(s). then OK Click OK to the Double-click the the Right-click and the that appears. the appears, the or CD-ROM the Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions. the to the appears, the and with the Chapter Software
Select Shared type the the and OK and You to the that they the the following With or the With XP or the With NT the or hyphens the or the to EPSON that the the EPSON Chapter Software
With XP, or NT the OS XP, or NT follow these to the You XP, or NT as the of the or NT to and XP to and XP users, to first, then and Right-click and the that appears. XP, the following appears, Network or If the security to without the follow the on-screen instructions. Chapter Software
or NT Shared or Shared as NT then type the the and OK You to the that they the Network. the following With or the With XP or the XP this then type the the and OK or the or Chapter Software
With NT the the This section to the the To the to the as shared or or With XP, or NT XP, or NT This section to the the (Microsoft If the shared to the the of the This section to the the from the You the shared from Network Neighborhood or Network the to the EPSON to both of the and the EPSON each from the CD-ROM. With or Follow these to or Click to and Double-click the then Next Select Network then Next Chapter Software
Click and the appears. Click the or that connected to the and the of the shared Then OK Click Next You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the shared printer)\(the the Network or The of the shared the or that connected to the To of the of the shared the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS or to the Chapter Software
of the of the shared and whether to the as the or Click OK and then follow the on-screen instructions. With XP or Follow these to XP or You the of the shared or rights the to and XP to and XP editionusers, to first, then and the then Next If the OS or to the from the CD-ROM You the that appears the XP, the the Chapter Software
Select Network or or attached to another XP), then Next the or Next to and type the of the then Next You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the Network or You to type the of the Chapter Software
Click the of the or that connected to the shared and the of the shared Then Next XP, The of the shared the or that connected to the To of the of the the of the Chapter Software
whether to the as the or then OK of the then With NT Follow these to NT You the of the or rights the Click to and Double-click the If the the to selecteither the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS XP or to the If the OS XP or or or to the from the CD-ROM Chapter Software
Select Network then Next Click the of the or that connected to the and the of the Then OK You type \\(the of the that locally connected to the printer)\(the Network or The of the shared the or that connected to the shared To of the of the the of the If the the to the or the the to the appears, the to the If the OS NT to the Chapter Software
Select whether to the as the or then OK Click the from the CD-ROM This section to the the when the of the and OS. The on-screen displays the following the of OS. XP, or NT XP, or NT with the If the of the and the OS, to the from the CD-ROM. Access the shared and appear. Click OK and then follow the instructions to the from the CD-ROM. Iftheprinter serversOSisnotWindows NT4.0,or or to the from the CD-ROM Chapter Software
the CD-ROM, then the EPSON appears. the clicking then type the and which the located, then OK Select the of the then OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. XP or found. appear. Click or XP) and The the OS used. OS or XP, NT \<Language>\WINNT40 Chapter Software
Canceling If the what expected and incorrect or characters or to the displayed the follow the instructions below to Double-click the the then the or or XP, or NT the to and or or XP, or NT the The canceled. Chapter Software
Uninstalling the Software to or the the that already. Uninstalling the and EPSON Click to and Double-click the Chapter Software
Select EPSON Software and the the XP or or the EPSON Software then Change/Remove Software
Click the the EPSON PLQ-20 Advanced then OK If the displayed If EPSON the displayed Follow the on-screen instructions. The PLQ-20, and PLQ-20M. You the of EPSON the the of from EPSON Chapter Software
Uninstalling the USB the to with USB interface the USB the to the USB Follow these to the USB Uninstall the the USB Once the USB other connected with USB interface Follow through of Uninstalling the Software Chapter Software
Select EPSON USB Devices and Follow the on-screen instructions. To the Software EPSON USB Devices appears only when the connected to or with USB interface If the USB correctly, EPSON USB Devices appear. Follow these to the the CD-ROM. the CD-ROM CD-ROM Access the CD-ROM Double-click the Double-click the Software
and Lights. Functions About Printout
and Lights Ready light light On when the ready to or already Flashes when occurred operation. On seconds when the turned On when the
Executesfunctionswhichareassignedtothe when the the PR2 You assign optional to them the PR2 Ejects when the the ESC/P or IBM PPDS the the the as to the You the this light Works as when the the PR2 You when off or flashes the PR2 the activity offline and the the the as to the You the this light On when the offline. Chapter
F2 which assigned to the F2 when the the PR2 You assign optional functions to them the PR2 the the the this F2 light Works as when the the PR2 You when off or flashes the PR2 Chapter
Functions This section functions turning the while holding or buttons. These functions shown the following and the Switch Function F2* F2 the cover F2** Bidirectional F2*** Top-of-form F2**** To this the and F2 while the and F2 lights flashing. To this the while the and F2 lights flashing. To this the while the and F2 lights flashing. To this the F2 while the and F2 lights flashing. Self-test Prints the self-test. information. the information. Chapter
the information. the which input as and characters. information. the Clearing instruction feeding Bidirectional the bidirectional Printout information. Top-of-form the top-of-form the top-of-form information. the the information. Chapter
You to the ratio of following the below. effective when the the ESC/P Turn off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Turn the while holding the and buttons. The and the About The While often these through software or to from the the of the the instructions the Chapter
This section the and options the items the three the You the three while the and then the of each item which to the selected. On the Common the which effective three On the PR2 the which active the PR2 Then the active the ESC/P and IBM PPDS the Other These shown the following and the each To and Chapter
Common Software PR2 ESC/P2, IBM PPDS High On I/F USB I/F (Seconds) I/F bidirectional On Parity DSR (PR2) On DCD (PR2) On On Thin On On width Right On On On On Rear On Chapter
the I/F and PR2 this to the the PR2 Software This allows to the software ESC/P2 the operates the EPSON ESC/P Whenyouselect PR2 or IBM PPDS ,theprinteremulates or IBM High PR2 this option pitch. other this option when the pitch or (characters inch). choose On the to (characters second) choose the to I/F The built-in three of interfaces; and USB. You choose or USB the interface the selects the interface that and that interface the of the The allows to the without the interface the I/F and PR2 this to If connected to the or USB which interface Chapter
I/F (Seconds) the the interface and from the currently selected interface the amount of specified with this which interface and switches to that interface. You specify or the interface the the PR2 this activated. I/F bidirectional The Interface bidirectional when this to On If bidirectional unnecessary, to when from the included the CD-ROM. this to while from based other operating such as DOS. the the PR2 this to this option to the the interface. The measured the of the interface to or Parity this option to The used, of Chapter
DSR (PR2) On DSR Ready) activated. This option only the PR2 DCD (PR2) On DCD Detector) activated. This option only the PR2 or this option to On this option to You to the when Select or vertical-fold Thin thin this option to On This activated when On and the to If this to On the when the information If the to Chapter
You the when the the of the the the the the the first Right This allows to whether the when the than the On the printed. the the the this to On the reduced, the this On of the You to the the Select the of the The shown the of that the The the the shows the Chapter
with the optional this option to On This activated when On and the to this option to and the the the when the turned or the cover this option to On the the Rear the optional rear this option to On On and the to On the PR2 PR2 PR40+, PR54+ Font NLQ1 NLQ2, LQ2, OCR-A, OCR-B Pitch Character PC, ISO Chapter
ST15INT (International) ST15ITA (Italy), character ST15P ST15USSR (USSR), ST15SDC (SDC),ST15E ST15E2 ST15S/SF ST15CH ST31 TCV ST15TR ST15USA (U.S.A.), ST15YU ST15ARABIC ST15CND ST15CIBC (CIBC), ST15DK/N ST15IL ST15F ST15UK (Great ST15D (Germany), ST15GR (Greece) PC437 (INT) PC210 (GR), PC220 (E), PC character PC850 (LATIN PC851 (GREEK), PC (LATIN PC855 (CYRILLIC), PC857 (LATIN PC858 (LATIN EURO), PC860 (P), PC862 (IL), PC863 (CANADIAN FRENCH), PC864 (ARABIC), PC865 (NORDIC), PC866 (CYRILLIC), PC1252 (PC-WIN LATIN1), PC1250 (PC-WIN LATIN2) CPOLUNIX ISO ISO ISO character ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO pitch ON CR On TOF PR40+ DIN/ISO, ANSI, IBM3604 IBM4746, ISO7811, HT2751CIZ, ISO8484
C, On Retry These PLQ-20M. This effective, when the of IBM3604 or IBM4746 selected. You of PR2 PR40+ or PR54+ Font This allows to of the Pitch This allows to of pitches. Character You of the three character PC ISO character You The this effective when chosen the Character PC character You The this effective when chosen PC the Character Chapter
ISO character You The this effective when chosen ISO the Character You or as the of the pitch You the pitch that the This allows to the CR to On each feed (LF) (CR) the the to the this to CR the feed to the to the You the of TOF PR40+ On this option and PR40+ the top-of-form to which to the PR40+ and PR40+ the top-of-form to the as the PR2 and PR54+ (the factory Chapter
You the this This PLQ-20M. You C or as the which to the of the recorded This effective when the IBM3604 or IBM4746 selected the This PLQ-20M. This option allows to the of the This PLQ-20M. Whenthis to On ,the recordthe This PLQ-20M. Retry This allows to the of the to This PLQ-20M. Chapter
Other Font OCR-B, Orator-S, C, T, Pitch Character Italic, PC437 PC850, PC860, PC863, PC865, PC861, BRASCII, ISO PC858, ISO other Italic, PC437 PC850, PC437 PC853, PC855, PC852, PC857, PC866, PC869, MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO IT, PC774, ISO PC LAT., PC 866UKR,PC860,PC861,PC865,PC864, PC APTEC, PC708, PC720, PC AR864, PC863, BRASCII, ISO PC858, ISO PC PC437 PC MC, PC PC International character U.S.A. Germany, Italy, feed On CR (IBM PPDS) On AGM (IBM PPDS) On IBM character (IBM PPDS) These effective when IBM PPDS selected.
You bidirectional or normally bidirectional; however, allows to the the and which The character when this to On when to The allows to easily distinguish the O and Font This allows to of the Pitch This allows to of pitches. Character You character This when without the the the the International character You international character the character character characters that the country or the to Chapter
to On the each (CR) received with (LF) CR (IBM PPDS) to On each feed (LF) or ESC (CR) the the to the this to CR the to the to the This only IBM PPDS A.G.M. (IBM PPDS) the graphic (A.G.M.) to On the ESC ESC A, ESC J, ESC K, ESC L, ESC Y, ESC Z, andESC commands IBM PPDS the as ESC/P This IBM PPDS IBM character (IBM PPDS) Select or the IBM character This IBM PPDS You the of the the the the Chapter
The following shows the basic function of each the function Selects the Selects the F2 the the selected Follow these to the and the A4 of the You to of each the from the front the cover The when the Turn off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Turn the while holding the and F2 the Chapter
the Ready light of A4 the front The the and the selection the The shows the selected Select the the Press the F2 to the The to the If to the the F2 The the The shows the that currently selected each You the the The the and the first selection of the Select the which to the the or the the The the item and the of that item Press the F2 to the and the the You to to other bypressingthe or button.Themenuselection to the selection of the three the selection of the each Common PR2 Other You the F2 Then the to Chapter
the the first item selection of each the selection to the selection. the off the to the Printout If that the properly the bidirectional to this bidirectional the three sheets of (ESC 26H), and LQ below, the from each A4 of the bidirectional Follow these to the bidirectional Turn off the off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Turn the while the F2 Press the while the and F2 lights flashing. Chapter
the Ready light of A4 the front The the to the bidirectional and the first of the instructions, the and the with the You the the the and the F2 the previous The and F2 lights the which selected that Each the or F2 the the the The the of the the of and the off the The the turned off. Chapter
Chapter the the EPSON and supply or feeding or Network Correcting USB Clearing Contacting Customer North America. users Thailand the Chapter
the that related to USB Correcting USB If USB related, troubleshooting easy first the then apply the fixed. The information that to and the EPSON or or to the section below. If relating to related to or feeding or the to the section this chapter. To to Canceling the You using the lights the If and or lights or flashing or the the following to and the If this and The once when the function Chapter
PR2 State of lights There the Ready The cover The head overheated. Ready F2 flashing of (three of correctly. ejected. the unknown occurred. the front the and correctly. Loading or Loading Clearing instruction ejecting To clear the seeClearing Stop the and the cover. the once the head Turn off the and off then turn the If the
ESC/P and IBM PPDS State of lights Ready The cover The head overheated. Ready F2 flashing of (three of There the correctly. ejected. the unknown occurred. the front the and correctly. Loading or Loading Press the to To clear the seeClearing the operation and the cover. the once the head Turn off the and off then the If the Chapter
EPSON EPSON and graphic showing the of the If while appears the the whether the or the causing the If the satisfactory, the properly and the from or interface to shielded interface If the properly, there with the and and to the A4 of the the cover The when the Follow these to self-test: Turn off the Whenever turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Chapter
Turn the while holding the F2 Then the and F2 while the and F2 lights flashing. the Ready light of A4 the front The the the selected the If or to isolate the and software the from the as The with DOS-based PC. A4 of the Tostopthe self-testtemporarily,press the offline To the the offline off the while the self-test. the to Then off the Chapter
the cover The when the cover Follow these to Turn off the Whenever turn off the least seconds turning back otherwise the Turn the while holding the to software and to the the the characters the right with the of the the the receiving. If characters they appear the right as ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as off the while the the to Then off the Chapter
and while operating the information this section to the of and to that supply or feeding or Network You the to whether the or the causing the instructions self-test. To users to the To clear Clearing Chapter
supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of Warning: the to outlet that the The and the lights off when the What to Thepowercordisnotproperly the outlet or The the and the outlet ratings. If the match, the immediately and Turn off the and the the outlet and the necessary. Then the Chapter
or feeding The single-sheet or properly. What to Single-sheet Loading properly. instructions single-sheet creased, too thin, the Specification or too thick. information about the and of The What to too the the PR2 Clearing instructions ejecting the ESC/P and IBM PPDS the the of within the specified single-sheet and the or The or properly. What to Loading properly. instructions Chapter
top-of-form appears too high or the What to The applicationsoftwareorprinter match the of the The top or top-of-form and the or incorrect. top-of-form software. information areas, the Specification The to selected software. the or You the top-of-form using the top-of-form function.SeeAdjustingthetop-of-form Choose the from the or Chapter
or The What to Theinterfacecableisbrokenor that the interface twisted. or twisted. If another interface the and whether the correctly. The directly to or the correctly to the ofthese that the correctly when connected to without these The that the correctly. properly. If necessary, the or the Turn the off, the or cover and the or things that To the Clearing The USB incorrect. Confirm the USB correct. Correcting USB The Turn the off and while. Then, theprinteron Chapter
The when the What to Press the to off the The light. The interface that both of the securely. the and the securely. If the connected correctly, as interface the and/or specifications. software properly Select from the or If necessary, or the software. the information the software, the Software The nothing or abruptly. What to Theribbonhastoomuchslack, the or the properly. interface that the of both the and and the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as the section the Chapter
The What to The the as the The What to The the as the of the or What to Theribbonhastoomuchslack, the or the properly. The the as the the turning the ribbon-tightening or the as the
of the What to The head the the and the to to them. the head yourself; the Also, other of the when the head replaced. the the What to the feed to On feed the of each of the that the feed to each The of What to commands the of each of the If only other If than and to the head replaced. the to the Chapter
The software incorrect. The incorrect or other characters. What to that the correctly. interface and that the correct. and The character Select the character selected software. software or the mode.Thecharactertablesettinginyour software the The to Choose the from the selected software. Windowsdesktoporinyourapplication software correctly Software the or the buttons. the software. that software configuredcorrectlyfor If necessary, or the software. the information the software, the Software software to the Chapter
What to Bidirectional which the of Network The when What to The whether or from other through the the bidirectional to this Printout the executed, the or the the and the and of the executed, incorrect. Chapter
Correcting USB If with USB the information this section. that XP, or XP, or You to or the USB which with USB or which from to XP, or about that EPSON USB Devices appears the and only) If the plug-and-play the the USB or the incorrectly Follow these to the and the Turn the and the USB the and the Right-click the then Click the Chapter
If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB appears Other the USB correctly. If EPSON PLQ-20 appears, the correctly. If USB or EPSON PLQ-20 appear Other Refresh or the USB from the then the
Other USB or EPSON PLQ-20 the PLQ-20 users) and Then, OK The PLQ-20, and PLQ-20M. The PLQ-20, and PLQ-20M.
the following appears, OK Then OK to the Turn off the and computer. Then, the from the following the instructions the Software correctly with the USB If correctly with the USB try or of these that the using shielded USB If USB the to the first of the or the directly to the USB ForWindows98,tryreinstallingthe and the software. EPSON Software the the then EPSON USB Devices. Next, the software as the Software If EPSON USB the the CD-ROM and Then follow the instructions. Chapter
Clearing If the noted below, occurred the The turned or the cover when the You the the ESC/P or IBM PPDS Follow the noted below to clear the Warning: If the the head cool touching Turn off the Whenever off the least seconds turning back otherwise the the cover and the release to the Then the with both and of the If clear the the to its the release and then the cover. If to that, to the that the the release the hand. It the Chapter
Turn the while the The the and ready to operations. the below to the and F2 buttons this and the operation. Contacting Customer If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased Customer to them the following information: Press seconds F2 every If clear the off the the to its the release and then the cover to the operation. Ifyoucannotclearthe paperjamwiththis function, the and that the the release the hand. It the Chapter backward.
Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with North America If purchased the United States or technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone of services Services hours To these services, tone telephone and
To to technical (U.S.), or AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase Computer of the other software the that software technical information. You purchase and from the or (U.S. only). please users wishes to with high of service. to the following information:
Dont that often and The should the first they and easily as as the to URL Access the WorldWideWebpages.Worthtaking the The information and technical Service service the specifications products offered and the through of choices the information to as to to the and operating products and where the or service located. of The
to the information when The information the the This information includes type of operating and information required. Sources of information, and services from World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical team with the following the and information Product or service and warranty users Thailand information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Chapter
(Phone: with the following the and information Product or service and warranty users information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through and information Technical Service 3A/B Phone/Fax: Chapter
Phone/Fax: IIB JI. Phone/Fax: Natour Phone: HSBC Phone/Fax: MTC P7-8 JI. Phone: users To technical as as other services, to Limited. established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information
to of World Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through (M) Head Office. Phone: Chapter
and information (Infoline) services warranty, and technical information, and services World Information specifications, and products Chapter
Head Office Offices: Phone: Phone: Phone: Cochin Phone: Phone: Telephone To learn about products or to service please This toll-free and A.M to P.M) anywhere the country.
the To technical as as other services, users to the Corporation the telephone and and below: World Information specifications, (FAQ), and (Phone: with the following the and information Product or service and warranty Chapter
and Ribbon Cartridge the Assembling the the Loading Others. Chapter and
Ribbon Cartridge becomes to the (S015339). and to properly with They and of the head and other the Follow these to the Warning: You to the head hand to the If the the head cool touching the turned off. and
the from the both of the and to the release to the that the clicks. and
the head to the of the hand. both of the and of the head. the head while the turned this the Chapter and
both of the with both and the Then of the the from the the the the of the Then the clicks and
both of the and of the the the of the head and clicks. Chapter and
Turn the ribbon-tightening to feed the the release back to the to its that the clicks. The should twisted or creased. and
the cover. The optional (C811141) allows to 8.5-inch that with This and the to Assembling the Follow these to the the the as shown. that the the release the hand. It the Chapter and
the the and the together with the the and plate as shown below. the both of the as shown below. While the the of the the the The assembled. the Follow these to the the turned off. and
the the as shown below. the positioning the of the the the Loading Follow these to of the the turned off. the leading of the straight The to the the and the positioning If the to the Chapter and
the the of the as shown. the and the the from the of the Then the Chapter and
Bring the leading of the the front of the and the front The the automatically. You ready to the holding the F2 seconds PR2 or the ESC/P or IBM PPDS Then the where from the Chapter and
backward. To the where the Then the holding the F2 seconds PR2 or the ESC/P or IBM PPDS You this as the USB interface the with this option instructions and The following used: Wireless (C82396 /C82397 /C82398 TX USB (C82402 Chapter and
The the which country. Others of other optional products, and
Product Information and Ribbon Cartridge Ribbon Specifications. Mechanical reader/writer only) Command and Cleaning the Transporting the Product Information
and Ribbon Cartridge cover switch front interface USB interface Product Information AC interface
release Ribbon Product Information head ribbon-tightening
Specifications Mechanical PR2: Bidirectional text and graphics Unidirectional text or graphics selected using software commands. spacing: inch) PR2: of inch) or inch) Other of inch) Friction (front) (optional) High NLQ LQ ESC/P: High LQ Product Information
inches/second head) and Height inches) Ribbon: Black S015339 Acoustic (A) (ISO (PLQ-20) inch head inches) inches) (PLQ-20) Ribbon characters (LQ, dots/character) (A) (ISO (PLQ-20M) Product Information MTBF POH inches) (including front projection) (PLQ-20M) characters dots/character)
Interfaces: Three built-in interface Bidirectional,8-bit, withIEEE USB interface, EIA-232D 64KB PR2 High (=EPSON (=EPSON NLQ1 (=EPSON NLQ2 (=EPSON LQ2 (=EPSON OCR-B (=EPSON OCR-B) OCR-A (=EPSON OCR-A) Scalable Not EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, (NW-7), of Product Information
ESC/P and IBM PPDS EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S EPSON C Scalable EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON (every EPSON (every EAN-13, EAN-8, Interleaved of UPC-A, UPC-E, POSTNET Product Information
Character PR2 graphics character (ISO) graphics character (PC) graphics character International, Germany, Italy, Great USA ASCII, Greece, USSR, TCV SDC, CIBC ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO ISO OLI-UNIX PC-437 International, PC-220 PC-865 Nordic, PC-Denmark/Norway, OPE, PC-860 PC-863 PC-850 PC-858 PC-875 PC-852 PC-851 PC-210 PC-855 PC-862 PC-864 PC-866 PC-1252 PC-WIN PC-1250 PC-WIN Product Information
ESC/P and IBM PPDS One and graphics character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (Canadian-French), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO Product Information
Character international character and character Expanded One and graphics character PC (US, PC PC PC (Icelandic), PC (Nordic), PC (Canadian-French), BRASCII, ISO PC ISO PC PC (Eastern PC PC PC PC PC MAZOWIA (Poland), MJK (CSFR), ISO ISO 1T PC (LST PC ISO PC LAT. PC UKR PC437 PC MC, PC1250, PC1251, PC PC APTEC PC PC PC AR USA, Germany, UK, I, Italy, I, II, II, America, Product Information
Rated to to to Rated to to to to Rated Adependingonthe character type) This IT with phase-to-phase of to V. the the back of the the of to Product Information Adependingonthe character type)
and to 25C to 77F) to RH to 60C to to RH 140F) information about and their to the Specification which included the CD-ROM. reader/writer only) The reader/writer to and write the the following specifications of this Recording BCD Coded VRC characters of the ASCII IBM3604, DIN/ISO, ISO7811, IBM4746, ANSI, HT-2751-CIZ, ISO8484 Humidity (without to 35C to 95F) to RH Product Information
Recorded track of of or YES or NO DIN/ISO, ANSI IBM3604 ISO7811 IBM4746 Product Information
ISO8484 HT-2751-CIZ DIN/ISO and ISO8484 Recording to Right Preamble SOM characters A, B, C, D, EOM LRC Parity of characters of characters of of from the characters characters Product Information
IBM3604 Recording to Right Preamble SOM characters A, B, D, EOM or C LRC Parity of characters of characters of of from the ANSI Recording to Right Preamble SOM characters A, B, C, D, EOM LRC Parity characters characters Product Information
of characters of characters of of from the ISO7811 Recording to Right Preamble SOM characters A, D, EOM LRC Parity of characters of characters of of from the characters characters characters characters Product Information
IBM4746 Recording to Right Preamble SOM BA characters EOM or C LRC Parity of characters of characters of of from the HT-2751-CIZ Recording Right to Preamble SOM characters EOM LRC Parity characters characters Product Information
of characters of characters of of from the characters characters Product Information
Character DIN/ISO, ISO8484 and IBM3604 Crt ASCII DIN/ISO, IBM3604 ISO8484 C 30H 31H 32H 33H 34H 35H 36H 37H 38H 39H 3AH SOM 3BH EOM C 3CH SOM 3DH 3EH 3FH EOM EOM character. Function Recording Product Information
ANSI and ISO7811 Crt ASCII ANSI ISO7811 C 30H 31H 32H 33H 34H 35H 36H 37H 38H 39H 3AH SOM SOM 3BH C 3CH 3DH 3EH 3FH EOM EOM character. Function Recording Product Information
IBM4746 and HT-2751-CIZ Crt ASCII IBM4746 HT-2751- CIZ C 30H 31H 32H 33H 34H 35H 36H 37H 38H 39H SOM 3AH SOM 3BH EOM C 3CH 3DH 3EH SOM 3FH EOM EOM character. Function Recording Product Information
Recording of DIN/ISO, IBM3604, ANSI, ISO7811, IBM4746, and ISO8484 T0 T0 SOM L0 SOM SOM EOM L0 Block LRC Product Information EOM LRC EOM LRC
Direction of HT-2751-CIZ L0 LRC T0 EOM Product Information SOM
T0 L0 Direction of Command information about the commands, to the which included the CD-ROM. EOM SOM LRC LRC Block EOM Product Information SOM
and U. S. Australian UL60950 EMC FCC Directive 73/23/EEC EMC Directive 89/336/EEC EMC AS/NZS CISPR CSA C22.2 CSA C108.8 Product Information EN EN Class EN EN EN
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Follow these to the the and off the If the optional and rear them. to and from the outer and If the and the or clean them with cloth with the cover closed to from the and to the front or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the the of the with the think to the or or Product Information
Transporting the If to using the and Follow these to the its Warning: You to the head to the If the the head cool touching the the turned off. the from the then the interface from the If options them and them their boxes. the head Then the as the Then the head to the that the closed. the and necessary) their and them the Product Information
this option turned the each (CR) followed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally) from to right and then right to This increases the reduce character of numbers, and that with the of characters characters inch The of characters that inch of text the of the characters. pitch This function reduces the of the You to the ratio of to such as or feed, instead of characters. characters inch that when (such as or initialized. dithering toning which to or Dithering with such as charts and toning of which each or of
The when as the The character (LQ) ESC/P EPSON the of commands to It and software computers. of type such as or (FF) and that the to the top-of-form toning of to to of only or nearly of using of dithering troubleshooting that the of the and the the each that as as ASCII that characters. interface The the and the through which to the that oriented the This that than high and useful spreadsheets. (LQ) The to readability and appearance. feed (LF) that the
of that with which PLQ-20M with to and write pitch The of the which measured the of characters inch The characters inch that oriented upright the (as to which the This the or software that commands the functions of The the that the as the first You the with the of the amount of that represented. of measured the of inch checking the operation of the the self-test, internally printed. top-of-form The the that the as the first You the top-of-form with the which the head only. Unidirectional graphics You the bidirectional