Unpack these items: Black (attached to Warning: The about pounds without or and should and ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the and the and the the and to the the screws and the Unlock the head the to the the the or and Turn On the the to the AC the back of the the the other of the properly grounded the the the front of the Reference CD-ROM Warranty Cartridges Press the to the Press both covers to them. both each from its and the The first the to the with the first their rated life. the the each with the arrow the then its each the the The charging the and the light flashes. AC approximately appear the LCD. Follow the instruction to or the Charging about turn off the the cover, the cover, release the or the or while the light flashing, or the READY appears the LCD charging the covers. off the the Then the LCD off. This that the head capped. Software USB software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS or higher, or or higher. If using the USB interface, follow the below to the software. If the Ethernet interface, follow the Chapter of the to the and the software. finished software, the necessary. chapter of the instructions. and turned the USB the CD. If necessary, the CD-ROM Double-click the Click If that the of the the To the to the Then software. Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional the Applications then the the and the the top of the (If that Select the and the and then the CD.
Unpack these items: The about pounds without or and should Warning: and people. ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the and the and the the and to the the screws and the Unlock the head the to the the the or and Turn On the the to the AC the back of the the the other of the properly grounded the the the front of the Reference Black CD-ROM Warranty Cartridges Press the to the (attached to Press both covers to them. both each from its and the The first the to the with the first their rated life. the the each with the arrow the then its each the the The charging the and the light flashes. AC appear the LCD. Follow the instruction to or the Charging about off the the cover, the rear cover, release the or the or while the light flashing, or the READY appears the LCD charging the covers. off the the Then the LCD off. This that the head capped. Software USB software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS or higher, or or higher. If using the USB interface, follow the below to the software. If using the Ethernet interface, follow the Chapter of the to the and the software. finished software, the firmware necessary. chapter of the instructions. and turned the USB the CD. If necessary, the CD-ROM Double-click the Click If that the of the the To the to the Then software. Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional the Applications then the the and the the top of the (If that Select the and the and then the CD.
and Turn On the the to the AC the back of the the the other of the properly grounded the the the front of the Warranty Cartridges Press the to the Press both covers to them. both each from its and the The first the to charge the with the first their rated life. the the each with the arrow the then its each the Reference Black CD-ROM (attached to Unpack these items: Warning: The about pounds without or and should and ready to the Cartridges to reliability. the and the and the the and to the the screws and the Unlock the head the to the the the or the The charging the and the light flashes. AC approximately appear the LCD. Follow the instruction to or the Charging about off the the cover, the cover, release the or the or while the light or the READY appears the LCD charging the covers. off the the Then the LCD off. This that the head capped. Software USB software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and OS or higher, or or higher. If using the USB interface, follow the below to the software. If using the Ethernet interface, follow the Chapter of the to the and the software. finished software, the firmware necessary. chapter of the instructions. and turned the USB the CD. If necessary, the CD-ROM Double-click the Click If that the of the the To the to the Then software. Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional the Applications then the the and the the top of the (If that Select the and the and then the CD.
and turned the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB the CD. With the the Account Click If to or or this software to the the USB With XP, New the this and Next Then Next If securely connected and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional and the CD. the off the of the If the 2-inch the the four clean, and touching the of the to the or scratch the coating or the of the the the as shown, then the the back the the of the the cover. the and the as shown, with the the the and ready. Press the the or appears. the top of the cover. Release the both of the and the the the through the with the OTHERS the cover. the right with the the right of the cover. Then the to the and the cover. Sheet ready to release the and the Then the to the and the cover. Also, the the with the You to them through the front or feed the the cover and the If A3 or the the the to the through of then to the the sheets with the whiter or the the back, the right of the Dont the arrow the the and to the sheets, the and to the of the the then the cover and its length. the Press the the Reference this instructions and other and the head, and what to when You the of the included Chapter to the software the On-screen Double-click the ESP4880 easy to information. OTHERS On-screen Network Double-click the Network instructions the On-screen with software Select or when using software. Technical SM Warranty Unit ID If with this service, You purchase or two-year service through authorized or from and the and You purchase them from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and and of Corporation. service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. CPD-24504 Printed USA
and turned the NOT CONNECTED to computer. and the If New USB the CD. With the the Account Click If to or this software or to the the USB With XP, New the Then Next and this Next If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the necessary software and and to the Professional and the CD. the off the of the If the 2-inch the the four clean, and touching the of the to the or scratch the coating or the of the the the as shown, then the the back the the of the the cover. the and the as shown, with the the the and ready. Press the the or appears. the top of the cover. Release the both of the and the the the through the with the OTHERS the cover. the right with the the right of the cover. Then the to the and the cover. ready to release the and the Then the to the and the cover. Also, the the with the You to them through the front or the the cover and the If A3 or the cover the the to the through of then it to the the with the whiter or the the back, the right of the Dont the arrow the the and to the the and to the of the the then the cover and its length. the Press the the Reference this instructions and other and the head, and what to when You the of the included Chapter to the software connecting the On-screen Double-click the ESP4880 easy to information. OTHERS On-screen Network Double-click the Network instructions the with software Select or when software. Technical SM Warranty Unit ID If with this service, You purchase or two-year service through authorized or from and the and You purchase them from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and and of Corporation. service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. CPD-24504 Printed USA
the and ready. Press the the or appears. the top of the cover. Release the both of the and the the the through the with the OTHERS the cover. the right with the the right of the cover. Then the to the and the cover. ready to release the and the Then the to the and the cover. Also, the the with the You to them through the front or the the and the If A3 or the the the to the through of then to the cover and turned the NOT CONNECTED to and the If New USB the CD. With the the Account Click If to or this software or to the the USB With XP, New the this Then Next and Next If securely connected and turned the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional and the CD. the off the of the If the 2-inch the the four clean, and touching the of the to the or scratch the coating or the of the the the as shown, then the the back the the of the the cover. the and the as shown, with the the the sheets with the whiter or the the back, the right of the Dont the arrow the the and to the sheets, the and to the of the the then the cover and its length. the Press the the Reference this instructions and other and the head, and what to when You the of the included Chapter to the software the On-screen Double-click the ESP4880 easy to information. OTHERS On-screen Network Double-click the Network instructions the On-screen with software Select or when using software. SM Warranty Unit ID If with this service, You purchase or two-year service through authorized or from and the and You purchase them from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and and of Corporation. service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. CPD-24504 Printed USA