America or or implied, or with to this and of merchantability and or indirect, or allow the of or this apply to rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical recording, or otherwise, without the written of Inc. with to the of information from the of the information this and features to without EPSON of Corporation, EPSON service of America Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective The EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. California, USA NOTICE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY COPYRIGHT NOTICE TRADEMARKS
Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. the as or that switch and off. the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet as specifically this to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected Computers
instructions instructions conserver tous type Tout photocopies marche-arrt tous tomber
This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to and reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING FOR CANADIAN USERS
Introduction EPSON the following features: 486SLC2-50 the and 4MB of internal memory, to 16MB and BIOS RAM 512KB of on-board memory, to 1MB SVGA built-in and built-in bidirectional One built-in PS/2 and built-in PS/2 1KB of internal cache relocation of 128KB of memory High-speed and to with 1MB of memory optional math option three full-length, and half-length to four (three externally and Introduction
On-board to IDE and (or and clock and with built-in rechargeable The 486SLC this instruction It features path. The RAM the and BIOS the RAM of memory. the built-in interfaces, of peripheral directly to the to option cards. You the option to with functions such as or interface The interface the of the rather than the ISA VGA with VGA and with the integrated interface. With these of the VGA such as higher and when If these and If to them yourself, the instructions To applications, the EPSON CompuServe. Introduction SM the America
this with the United States Protection Agencys which the of computers, and monitors. the when the or inactive specified of Optional You easily memory and of as and Memory 1MB or 4MB memory to the board, the memory to 16MB. Memory You increase the memory to 1MB, which allows to higher with If isnt from Introduction
to four including CD-ROM or expand, Math You to optional math which allows to mathematical and graphics quickly. to This This the information to the from You to everything; the following chapter Chapter instructions turning and off, and such as the and It the SETUP to Chapter covers operating such as the and the Chapter to and the cover, and optional such as option and memory Chapter to and Chapter troubleshooting Introduction
the of At the of this Index, and of U.S. and international locations. to If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer EPSON services through the EPSON the United States, GO-EPSON. the EPSON the following: Technical with the Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Customer Relations EPSON technical information service Product and products. You purchase or EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON locations. technical ready to and its and to the Chapter information. and operation of EPSON products Introduction
If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. International locations the of this If with software the that with that technical information. CompuServe If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the America CompuServe. If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory credit CompuServe ID and to CompuServe To of this offer, the United States and and other counties, the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America Introduction CompuServes monthly publication.
This chapter to It includes the following information: Unpacking these items: the switch Connecting Turning the and off the SETUP
If purchased optional that the computer-such as option cards, memory or should these and instructions. the Selector Switch supply. The supply switch the back You this switch to VAC or VAC. EPSON the with the switch to VAC. This and VAC, and the to to North America, South or If to the the United or South American to the switch to VAC. Doing allows to and VAC, which the to the to the the location or seriously
To the switch the switch to the right to VAC, or to the to VAC, as shown below. Connecting the following to the the back of as the and other
includes the and to the the board and to optional Connecting and To the the arrow the the K/B. If PS/2 the the MOUSE. Although the and the and physically they interchangeably. to the the MOUSE or
You instructions. (If Microsoft Connecting If VGA or SVGA (or follow these to it to the built-in VGA There should with the (to to the and the (to to the On monitors, the permanently attached. If attached the to the interface the VGA the If the screws, them. the the the back of the the other of the grounded outlet or the outlet the back of the the the back of the VAC or VAC. the
Connecting or Other and To or other peripheral follow the instructions below. the Follow these to to the of the the PARALLEL If the screws, them. the other of the to the To the the each of the and them the grounded the If or other with interface, to of the (R5-232C) with DB-9P To the of the COM1 and COM2. If the COM1 If to assign COM1 as COM3 or COM2 as COM4, Chapter information
Connecting the Cord Follow these to the cord: the the the back the other of the grounded the of ready to the Turning On the to the Instructions the of this Follow these to turn of the WARNING To shock, to the the the If there protective the Turn the and other peripheral connected to the If with operating operating A.
To the the located the right of the front as shown below. The lights seconds, the displays count of its memory, and then its This of the each to everything correctly. If necessary, the to the brightness and easily the characters the the completed its MS-DOS to the and If they correct, the and
If to Microsoft or or operating the first or of that displayed this If to this, the MS-DOS operating such as C:\ or A: each turn the follow the instructions below to the SETUP Turning the off follow these the SETUP to SETUP the first or the information. You to SETUP and the light and the light(s) to they off the light the or from the Press the to turn off the and then off the and other peripheral
SETUP or the following: SETUP the ROM BIOS, The information of memory CMOS RAM. This memory backed when off or the Stating the SETUP You SETUP whenever or displays the following To SETUP, F2. and of and memory type options cache function options features PC features. Press F2 to the
If the its when the following If this F2 to SETUP to The below the to SETUP operations. SETUP SETUP, the of the the to Press the F1 to F2 to the
Information F2 from of the SETUP of the following: type type memory BIOS and Press to to the SETUP the and The clock continuously the and when the turned off. Once the and SETUP, should to them, the or (The the years.) or to the to the to Then or the the Drive(s) On the 3.5-inch, high-density the You another of or capacity; this B. the both and them necessary.
the Drive(s) with that the type of of and their The SETUP allows to or the If or the If the SETUP that match to type or own type or the the instructions below type. the To allow the to follow these the to or and or Press to to the SETUP and F4 to AUTO DETECT or AUTO DETECT AUTO DETECT first and AUTO DETECT The and the The SETUP, the the
type If the match the the or to with other than the follow these to own type Checking Memory with 4MB of memory (RAM) the BIOS the type of RAM and the memory and the memory automatically. You the memory displayed this SETUP the The Card option the type of using If connected to the built-in VGA VGA/EGA. the to or and or or Press to the to the field. the The that with the information to the to the field and type the
If optional follow the below to the type. type options these options, J1 and J2 the board to the OFF Chapter information options SETUP allow to The option allows to the built-in The option the of the function when or off, the If the numbers. Select YES to the function when the or NO to off.
the The CPU option the to or At operates its highest At the the operates to with to the Cache Option The 486SLC2-50 includes 1KB internal cache. this option to Enabled. Chip The of SETUP options which board. Press or to this Relocating Memory The Memory option the memory to and to as memory. If and however, relocation RAM options RAM memory) than ROM only memory). The BIOS ROM and RCM options allow to the of its and/or ROM RAM operations
You 32KB or 64KB of memory that the indicated to RAM. If these the Memory 640KB and 1024KB. Additional options options allow to with option or If the ISA option, the ISA rather than the states. The Refresh option, when performance the each refresh This option from the AT operation) to PS2 bidirectional operation). Select PS2 connected or to the PC The PC options allow to the of this The options the PC allow to the or time-out to the and low-energy
The Inactivity option the time-out to the or inactive the to If isnt from that when If the as as the Inactivity option, the input the specified of to active This allows to to also. The Timeout option the time-out The when the and inactive the of indicated. Also, the caused the to active applications. If to the Timeout option.
Exiting SETUP SETUP, and or SETUP without You to the factory To SETUP, from SETUP From the Exiting SETUP these to SETUP F4 the to and F5 the factory options F6 SETUP and to the without changes. Procedures SETUP the first to the operating and the operating to operating instructions. Once operating software to instructions.
You to the optional and (If these already information and the README.TXT included To of these the A, type the following, and A:\ README To the to type the following and A:\READMEP To or which become the EPSON or the America CompuServe.
Chapter This chapter the following operations: comfortably and or the the Working Comfortably This section creating elbows, hips, and and wrists as to as often and stretch, and around. back. with as the as This reduces and strain. Also, closing them or focusing the
with Too force Also, enough to the or other freely. lighting that isnt too bright. to bright light of field of when the and Removing To 3.5-inch the with the facing and the leading the as shown the following the the clicks directly front of and about arms from The top of the should slightly below the the that light reflected from the
To 5.25-inch the with the facing and the read/write leading the the the and then the to to the the light off; then the release or the latch. the and properly. Command or You to or while If MS-DOS or that to of the following Press Ctrl and C Ctrl and Break The 3.5-inch A. If another B. You the assignments through SETUP. or or off the while light You Also, off the
If these to the as below. off the to or command the the Occasionally, to clear the memory without turning it off. You this the and the to to operating and memory that necessary. the to and when them normally. If the without properly exiting To the the operating the or A, the A. If using MS-DOS, Ctrl and and The displays nothing and then the operating You the RESET located the front right of
If the the to off and from the Turn off the and seconds. If the A. Then the the or The to with operating the SPEED light the front the operating the light off. You should everything and the software to this the copy-protected the to while the These to disk-the that the protection-in the You the temporarily of the following commands from the To Ctrl the Ctrl and the and then the the
To fast the Ctrl and and the You the commands while the of these Comman another function, to the You however, the through SETUP. The or off.
Chapter and You the performance of optional such as memory option cards, memory, or math This chapter first to cover to options and to the cover when finished. It then the following Locating the internal the and memory and option memory the Once option, Post-installation Procedures" options or with the turned or the connected to the and
the Cover You to the to of the options this chapter or to or (as Chapter Follow these to the cover: Turn off the and then peripheral (including the and the from the outlet and from the back that connected to the including the If the top of the off and to Turn the around the back facing the three screws the back as shown below. and Removing
the of the cover, and the cover to the touching the off, as shown below: of the back WARNING to ground touching the back of the every the cover. If properly grounded, shock that when and Removing
the ready to the cover, follow these the internal properly. those that might of the they catch the cover. and Removing the the front of the cover the front and the chassis of the and straight the the three cover screws. the to the and other peripheral Then the to the back of the and to
Locating the follow the instructions this chapter, to the following to the and
the The the board and the factory to however, the information the following to their necessary. and Removing
Factory MS-DOS reassigns and VGA Factory The the the to Other the service only. the If to follow these MS-DOS information. To the built-in VGA to the to the If there option to them to the and
where the the the following to the and To the board the traced the option and To from to the other, or to off its and to the to the or surrounding the board. instructions.
Memory with 4MB of memory memory memory increase the amount of memory to 16MB. There four SIMM the board, and each SIMM. You 1MB and 4MB The following shows the SIMM memory other The the board each SIMM (RAM1 through RAM4) the of where should SIMM the following to that they properly: tin-plated, or that of or the the the SIMM to the amount of memory the SIMM exactly the the If to the EPSON or and
Follow these to to the to the SIMM option that to the SIMM instructions.) Turn the around the back facing the first SIMM the first the as shown below. The the SIMM should the of the and Removing
the SIMM the seated the Then upright, as shown the each of the SIMM the each of the SIMM If smoothly, force the and and each SIMM. option Removing If to from (to ones, follow the below: option that to the SIMM instructions.) instructions.) and Removing
or screwdriver to the that the SIMM each as shown below. the the SIMM to the from the If necessary, follow the to other option as below. and
Option Card This section to option ISA three and half-length. option these the and the which to that touching or other or the option to of the the or the If to top of its with the facing the the the switches or the necessary. the instructions that with the option Also, to the board. to the built-in VGA information and Removing
Card Follow these to option of the and the screw the option cover to the as shown below. the screw to the option to the the cover and the option the the top and the as shown below. (If the front of the the the front
the of the to the with the Card Half-length Follow these instructions to of the half-length the screw the cover the straight and of the the Once the reach the the to You should If the smoothly, force the and screw. the cover. and Removing
the the top with the facing and the Once the reach the the to You should the If smoothly, force the the and try the cover the below the option the cover to the with the screw. Removing Option Card You to option to the board-to You to to the and as follow these If from of the first the screw the option to the Then the straight of the If from of the half-length first the cover Then the straight of the the with the facing and
Memory with 512KB of memory. You increase memory to 1MB four DRAM DIP chips. The chips 256KB, Additional memory graphics-intensive or to (interlaced) and each amount of memory. the memory to properly, each RAM the board. that memory exactly the the If to memory chips, the EPSON or the memory the board, If there option the memory from their and inspect each The should slightly than If of the this or to them with the other the and off easily. shown instructions. To electricity and the memory chips, ground touching the the of the back Then as stationary as while them. and
of the memory the as shown below, the the with the the the notch the of the with the notch the and Gently the the (to correctly If the smoothly, and the properly positioned, both to well-seated. through each of the chips. option instructions.
the Math You performance 83S87-25 math that exactly the the If to math the EPSON or To the math follow the instructions the that with or follow these the the math If there option the from its and inspect If the appear the You to instructions. the math from its the chassis. the the and Removing
the the as shown below. the notched of the with the the Then straight the option To to Authorized EPSON Servicer. Post-installation Procedures or options such as memory or math SETUP to the Chapter instructions. Additionally, to commands to operating and the that with optional and
Chapter and Removing This chapter to and optional You these instructions to of including CD-ROM or Although from the should to the to four You the internal mounting below the the externally or CD-ROM or To or first the cover as Then option to the Once the option Chapter instructions. Follow the instructions this chapter to and the and mounting the mounting from the mounting of the externally Removing from of the externally and Removing
Post-installation of the this chapter apply the the that with information. Removing the and Mounting Bracket 3.5-inch mounting (You the to or other type of first the and mounting to the below and follow these the from the the and them straight the the (If necessary, the from the also.) and
the screws the to the and the and from the front of the the Mounting Bracket You below the the mounting once the and from the to this inch high inches If of the and them and
This section includes the following Removing the mounting from the the below the the mounting and the Connecting the If as the (which operating and the other as the to the the Also, to know the of heads, sectors, the SETUP to correctly The the SETUP included A, with of high-capacity EPSON If or information, the that with or the and necessary) the mounting
the Mounting If there mounting to them the Follow these On there and grounding plate attached to of the mounting If the screws them to the mounting and the and grounding Then the screws each mounting to the and the and
the the board, as shown below. the of the containing indicated or the board. You to know the location of when the the Below the Follow these to the the below the With the facing the the the front of the nearly with the of the and Removing
the the with the oval-shaped the the with or four screws, the location of the and Removing
the and the Follow these to the and the with the the mounting and the front of the through the the front of the the the with the the and Then the with the screws previously. and Removing
Connecting the the to the both the and the This section includes the following Connecting the to the board Connecting the to the Reconnecting the to the Connecting the to the board Follow the below to the to the board, already connected. the with each and the the this the and Removing
the the board. the of the that the with of the the board. There the board to the the the then If correctly the with the board when the and the
Connecting the and to the Follow the below to the and supply to the the the of the the If the casing and the to the and turn to the board. instructions the and instructions locating the the the that the with the the the the then the and Removing
of the supply that from the supply. (They wires and the the that its notched corners with the notched corners of the supply the the the and then the If the correctly, when and Removing If correctly the with the when the
Reconnecting the to the the and the to the to the while follow these the the the and the that the the the supply with the the that the the The the with the the board of the the If the correctly, when and Removing
Removing From the Mounting Bracket Follow these to the from the the from the back of the and the the and them straight the the the screws the to the and the and from the front of the the screws the to the and the of the the and following the and and them instructions
with externally You these to of the following CD-ROM or If or with 5.25-inch using the that with If or with type of to purchase If its to as the the the first which operating of high-capacity EPSON included A. If or information, the that with or the If or other type of with 3-inch factor, to mounting to the If that already mounting and grounding plate to If follow to the and grounding Then to the This section includes the following Attaching mounting to the necessary) the the Connecting the and Removing
Attaching Mounting to the Follow these to mounting to the mounting and four screws that with the shown below, mounting of the and that the the the the Then the mounting to the with the screws. to mounting to the other of the and
the of the first the mounting with the (and possibly instructions. Then follow these to the or the from the from the of the the (or and
the through the the with the front of the the the of the with the mounting the or mounting Then both of the to the using the screws. and Removing
Connecting the and To the to the to both the and supply If follow the instructions through Then to If or follow the below. If the (The the of the already to the board.) If with card-edge the (the with the the as shown below. and
of the supply that from the supply. (They wires and the the notched corners of the supply with the notched corners of the supply (such as the shown below). the the and then the and If 3.5-inch with header instructions the
If of the the of the then the other If the B; the the mounting A. You the assignments through SETUP. If the below the and the to purchase that reach both completed of the the the mounting which the (and possibly and the instructions. Removing from To from follow these the and its both the and the from the to from the If the correctly, when them instructions. and Removing
the screws the each Post-installation Procedures or and the cover to the SETUP to the Chapter instructions. and the and to the front of the then of the Once the the of the then the other the and mounting and the instructions.
Chapter Troubleshooting If as and to this chapter. You repeating software or the The troubleshooting this chapter such as The Within each category, with If the the Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON to the Introduction of this instructions. technical ready to the of its BIOS its (including the type of and option cards), and the and of software Troubleshooting
these to information about the the of the to the BIOS the BIOS the when MS-DOS Software CONFIG.SYS AUTOEXEC.BAT Troubleshooting SETUP and the Summary option to At the MS-DOS type VER and to the MS-DOS About from the software usually displays the Also, software At the MS-DOS type TYPE C:\CONFIG.SYS and to of CONFIG.SYS which commands. At the MS-DOS type TYPE C:\AUTOEXEC.BAT and to of AUTOEXEC.BAT which commands.
The Not The light the bootable and the If off the least seconds turning back This to the The and the light the securely connected to both the AC the back and The securely connected, the the outlet Turn off and the cord. the outlet and You or and to reconnected the internal and correctly. You SIMM incorrectly. If the memory, that SIMM(s) securely their Troubleshooting
The Not The reasonable of Ctrl If that the RESET You memory that the You using the SETUP to Chapter or the Chapter overheated because its physical too Allow the to cool and necessary. You the respond. turning the off, seconds, and The displays when or the the securely connected to the and the Although these they interchangeably. Troubleshooting
Nothing when type the The SETUP. This option inactivates the specified of the to active from This the they to to active seconds and The Not Respond, The the properly. If the light the right of the to off the function. If to the of the function, isnt properly or the securely to the MOUSE and the K/B the correctly necessary). the that with and Chapter instructions. (The Troubleshooting
There the that the switch and that its light Also, the or the the displays The light the Press or the to the Also, the brightness and If the the securely connected to the If and match. to the switches or and the the properly. Chapter information. If to the the type of and the and software. The switch the light If the Press or the to the Troubleshooting
Turn off the seconds, and back If the light the Turn off and from the Then the and If the light You the it the If the latch, to the Also, to that the right type of the high-density If the the the another of the type. If the faulty. The the right type, that the write-protected, the from writing to the the formatted. operating instructions formatting You copying the from the to Troubleshooting
Something with the the If using MS-DOS, CHKDSK to the You to or to this properly. the correctly and the You when the SETUP and the type of the of J13 to the The or Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON properly. the correctly and Also, the the You to these SETUP. Troubleshooting
You when SETUP and that the type. If and SETUP displays information that match to type. chapter the the board correctly. J14 and J16 or the IDE Chapter information. the the correctly. the that with the information. You to the If the the to its operating to write to If and the correctly operating operating instructions. Also, physically the physically the factory.) If physically the that with the to or the operating that physical from the action of commands such as MS-DOS FORMAT. Troubleshooting
You reduction performance. The the become and compaction to the If or read/write the physical Authorized EPSON Servicer or the EPSON Software The that following the the and that correctly. If the the If software The reading You that operating You to the command. Chapter information the The reading from or writing to the If the Timeout option SETUP, the when the to its operating this option SETUP Chapter Troubleshooting
the to commands. the and If the off, seconds, then software, OS/2, of 8MB to 16MB of RAM to correctly. software the memory If necessary, memory using the instructions or The or that the or seamer and properly connected to the Also, If than and the and secondary (COM1 and COM2) the computers correctly. Also, operating assigning correctly. If connected or to the the bidirectional (PS2 the SETUP as The information. the the DIP switch or Also, the and selected the within software UNIX, or NetWare, Troubleshooting
Option Card option correctly. the option correctly and well-seated its the SETUP to the Also, software with the option the that with the option to necessary DIP switches or the The of that the option to properly. Chapter information. to the to the reducing the or through the SETUP Chapter the option touching other connected to the option correctly. the to the to the Troubleshooting
Memory The memory count displayed the incorrect. You the incorrectly. They the type or or they the Chapter information You the the or the I/O when The indicated board If option with that with and the the to the built-in You then to to serviced. If the to or the these to Troubleshooting
Battery The prompting to SETUP when or displays as incorrect and If of internal SETUP to the and (You to information.) Chapter instructions. Then, hours to recharge the battery. Troubleshooting
Specifications CPU and Memory CPU PC Memory ROM 486SLC2-50 the and the to the timeout SETUP; of and than and the of the Press Ctrl to or Ctrl to the or the through SETUP 4MB RAM to 16MB using 1MB or 4MB tin-plated, or type with of 128KB BIOS, BIOS, and SETUP located EPROM Specifications A-1
RAM RAM Memory relocation Math Clock/ A-2 Specifications 512KB DRAM board; to 1MB using four DIP-type DRAM Supports of and BIOS ROM RAM Supports relocation of 128KB of memory from to 1KB of internal cache 83S87-25 clock, and of CMOS RAM with built-in rechargeable GD5426 high VGA and to (interlaced) with 1MB of RAM or and IDE interface board to IDE with built-in BIOS function
Interfaces RS-232C, interfaces built board; PS/2 interface built board; DIN PS/2 interface built board; DIN Optional Optional interface board; functions with the of Option Connector with ISA three and half-length interface or built board; D-shell One or bidirectional interface built board; operation SETUP option Specifications A-3
mounts: One 3-inch one-inch high 3.5-inch 1.44MB (high-density) or 720KB 5-inch or 3-inch factor to half-height of the internal IDE Half-height CD-ROM Other or other 5-inch, or 3-inch with mounting A-4 Specfications Externally mounts: One 3-inch one-inch high and 5-inch half-height 5.25-inch 1.2MB (high-density) or 360KB Combination 3.5-inch/5.25-inch two-position height; or typewriter four-key function two-button, PS/2
SETUP ROM; F2 Physical Characteristics Height inches inches inches (with without switchable, UL/TUV listed, fan-cooled VAC or VAC VDC Amps, VDC VDC Amps, VDC to to board; to Specifications A-5
Tested Although software applications, the following operating tested with Microsoft MS-DOS and NetWare* and NetWare IBM OS/2 SCO SCO Microsoft and Microsoft WorkGroup Microsoft NT Certified as workstation; tested as NetWare tested and as workstation. become these tested. A-6 Specifications DR DOS UNIX
Memory and Supported from EPSON options and this from EPSON, including the following: location information options. software Specifications A-7
with AUTO DETECT or type SETUP, the the type of and the information using the following A-8 Specifications
(continued) slightly from this Specications A-9
Option Information options 1-inch IDE Select or the If of these options the A-10 Specifications
IDE CS selection) CS used, the grounded or grounded. DMA Assignments Specifications A-11
A-12 Specifications
Memory Specifications A-13
I/O A-14 Specifications
I/O Specifications A-15
Connector Assignments assignments (CN5) assignments (CN6 and CN7) A-16 Specifications
486SLC2-50 specifically high-performance The with the instruction and includes 1KB cache. AUTOEXEC.BAT batch that MS-DOS each or the BIOS ROM that the input/output functions of the operating high-speed memory that where includes 1KB of internal cache. CONFIG.SYS that MS-DOS each or the You this to and buffers, and specifying MS-DOS commands to optional integrated that the CPU
CPU Processing Unit. The instructions, and input and operations. that of the of include expanded memory and IDE Integrated type of interface which the the instead of includes interface the to IDE ISA Industry Architecture. The 8-or IBM computers. that board. the operation of function. of wires that information from the directly to the the increased performance. Math
Memory board, commonly SIMM memory that surface-mounted memory chips. You memory to the to memory. CPU such as the 486SLC. CPU. of of which the that each character of testing the every RAM Access Memory. The of the memory that and temporarily while ROM. clock battery-powered clock the that of the and when the off.
ROM Memory. The of the memory that instructions and RAM, ROM its off the RAM. RS-232C interface. The that to of of which the that each character sequentially. RAM The function that the BIOS and BIOS from ROM RAM to performance. SIMM Memory VGA/SVGA Graphics Graphics High-resolution or To from write-protected, or its
America (USA) Inc. CA, EPSON U.S.) GO-EPSON EPSON Direct P.O. CA (Technical and (Technical and America (International) America FL, U.S.A S.A. Chile, S.A. Chile S.A, SM S.A. C.V. D.F., SP S.A. 800-GO-EPSON
EPSON Worldwide S.A. Phone: 25/F., Harbour Harbour Phone: EPSCO HX Branch 10F, E. Road, R.O.C. phone (U.K.) (PC) Hempstead, Hertfordshire, HP27EZ/UK Phone: S.A, B.P. S. Phone: or Rodborough N.S.W. Phone:
Distributors South America SISCO SP UPEN Computers Georgetown, S.R.L. Inc. S.A. S.A. C.I.L.D.S.E. A.J. CIA Infocenter S.A.
Caribbean Caribbean Bridgetown, North Atlantic B.W.I WTG/APTEC Rey, IMCON America S.A. Micro-Tee Bridgetown, The N.V. Netherlands S.A. Complete Port-of-Spain, PS2000 CODASA C.A.