title Nancy Mary Sign-off: COLOR INK JET PRINTER Reference rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON, EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. Printed with least DR, A5 Reference
Cindy Nancy Mary Sign-off: DR, A5 front cover Reference cover-1 interface cover interface interface thickness cover cover-2 cover-3 cover-4
DR, A5 Reference FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of
Cindy Sign-off: Introduction This operating and instructions EPSON or XL as as troubleshooting and technical specifications. instructions and the Microsoft or Apple the and Software to the ReadMe the EPSON or the information about and software. of that the flexibility to or the software the and Software such as type, and to the right To easy, both the and include option that the to and the the type. the and Software instructions the EPSON that the and XL the efficiency. of to DR, A5 Introduction Reference Introduction
DR, A5 Introduction Reference The EPA that computers, and other would annually and would reduced tons. to If isnt off when Turn off and each when using them. the option software catch If to rather than Not this and to This the as the and Software to this the following information: Chapter to the right and and other Chapter the instructions the operation through its It to the Introduction
Chapter and Troubleshooting, instructions cleaning the heads, the and cleaning and the troubleshooting Optional Interfaces, optional interfaces to its and to Technical Specifications, the the and XL C Commands and Character the EPSON ESC/P commands the and shows the built-in character and the of the Where to If purchased the United States or and technical EPSON of the following numbers: the EPSON the EPSON XL: EPSON and service through of Authorized EPSON Customer and the following services when EPSON technical information service Product and products DR, A5 Introduction Reference Introduction
DR, A5 Introduction Reference Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information the installation, and operation of EPSON products Customer relations. You purchase and EPSON products from EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. If with software that technical information. Services If the to helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON products through the services below. EPSON Service You the EPSON Service (BBS) membership required. software to with and to the that with software information. Introduction
CompuServe CompuServe the America CompuServe. If already type GO EPSON the to reach the America If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership introductory CompuServe user ID and to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, the following U.S. telephone or CompuServe World If connected to the and World to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON SM Corporate Info and EPSON to the EPSON the and (Frequently and the EPSON Chat To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON DR, A5 Introduction Reference Introduction
DR, A5 Introduction Reference Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the or or heat or cover the the or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the as specifically this Reference to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Introduction
Cindy Nancy Mary Sign-off: Chapter Choosing and Other Loading Loading and Other Loading and Loading and DR, A5 Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference This chapter to choose the right and to of and other You coated high-quality and and Other You with and Coated they reduce the amount of that the enough the smear. To the EPSON and that the EPSON These include the following: EPSON this when sheets included with EPSON coated this when sheets included with EPSON High-quality this with to EPSON high-quality EPSON Transparency only EPSON within months of the the when
To EPSON and or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. the following when coated inches) A3 inches) A3/B inches) inches) inches) A3 A3/B inches) High-quality inches) A3 A3/B inches) Transparency inches) S041064 selecting or high-quality EPSON or other supported. DR, A5 Chapter Reference S041062 S041068 S041067 S041069 S041070 S041060 S041065 S041066 S041072 S041073 S041074 S041075
DR, A5 Chapter Reference Loading The following to You to sheets of information or of the types, B.) with the The with arrow the from the top of the WS-13 the the to the as as the rear and as as of then to the
the of that its right the right of the the the Then the the of the as shown below. You to of the arrow the the the of the the top of the DR, A5 Chapter Reference WS-14 WS-15
DR, A5 Reference the and other they the loaded. and Software instructions.) Loading If that than the to the Follow these the and the The acts as the rear the built-in as shown the below. Gently the both handsone to the and the other to the the of the and then the the of the
the and its and Other This section to and coated and using these of the following coated and within of purchase. within months. the of the The and reduce sheets their to with the The whiter than the other, and the high-quality or each from the immediately printed. each DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference sheets to their as as conditionsespecially high humidity, and sunlightcan the to the the software and Software instructions. You of follow the instructions the and that from the when them. You to the thickness If the feed properly or Troubleshooting Chapter Loading and Follow these when coated or coated or or these operating to to C) Humidity: to RH each from the as as and they completely The of sheets of high-quality or
Follow these to and the from the top of the the the to the as as and the the front of the as as of then to the the the whiter than the other and the when the facing the right of the as shown the following DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the or the right of the the the Then the the of the the the of the the and other to match the or as and Software
Once correct, choose the of to the sheets loaded. Loading and This section to and heavy thickness and B. follow these that curled, or that too thin; they choose If DOS to DOS You from or the The recommended when heavy that thick or recommended that the thickness or heavy to the thickness to the the Then the and the cover. While holding the the Font button, and then release both buttons. The to the and the light flashes. the when this DR, A5 Chapter Reference
DR, A5 Reference the thickness clockwise as as Press the button. Then the cover. Loading the the thickness follow these to the the output and from the If back the Then the around, and as shown.
the or the It to of heavy If them as shown. You to the and as shown the straight the path. the and other they the loaded, as and Software Once the choose the to the loaded. finished heavy or the thickness turning counterclockwise to its the to its necessary. DR, A5 Chapter Reference
Cindy Nancy Sign-off: Chapter the the Lights the DR, A5 Chapter Reference the
DR, A5 Reference This chapter to the using the It the functions using the the The front lights the and buttons Since from software, often to the This section to the lights and the buttons the the
Lights On when the Flashes when the turned or off. On when the or when memory. On when the of flashing On when or both Cartridge The both Font Indicates the selected through the normally choose from software, this light. On when selected. the character, which text this rough of text from DOS applications. On when selected. The selected of their characters (Software this On when This light flashes when the heads or or when off the when the light flashing. DR, A5 Chapter Reference the
DR, A5 Chapter Reference Lights Chapter information troubleshooting. the and off. turn off the the button. Then the light flashing the off the while the light flashing. Font the the Normally should software to of the built-in Loads or of The normally (or and automatically. with cleans the head. temporarily. Press to (or with clears the and the to their factory Economy/Condensed (or Selects or the to text and reduces the of characters to of their It to software to character however. with cleans the head. the
Alt/Cleaning Used with other buttons to the the heads, or the thickness Cleaning the Heads Chapter and Loading and Chapter information. The functions below when of buttons when turning the Load/Eject) the and and the Load/Eject and then the seconds the sheet of Testing the Chapter of the and Software To the and then off the Font Load/Eject) On PC, troubleshooting the Troubleshooting section Chapter Economy/Condensed) the the information. To the or the and then the to off the Clears the and the to their factory both about seconds. DR, A5 Reference the
DR, A5 Chapter Reference Black head cleaning Load/Eject) cleaning the head. Cleaning the Heads Chapter head cleaning Economy/Condensed) cleaning the head. Cleaning the Heads Chapter the Additional through the the factory to the of users, rarely to the functions this section. If necessary, however, the and the using the buttons. The below the the shown type. On, Network interface On, feed Loading I/F I/F, I/F, Interface Option I/F seconds seconds interface Character U.S.A., Germany, U.K., Italy, I, PC437 PC850, PC860, PC863, PC865, PC861, PC437, PC853, PC855, PC852, PC857, PC866, PC869, BRASCII, MAZOWIA, MJK, ISO ISO 1T, or the
the head the The options and the head to the graphics and the head both the as as selected, the switches and as when Network interface If when the connected to computers, network interface off. feed. that character the command. off. If text top of another, feed. Loading the top to the the first The or Normally should software to top Interface from which interface the the switches as the and optional interfaces. However, might to the interface to of the following: or Optional. interface the interface timeout or seconds, when the I/F selected the Interface option. The from another interface the DR, A5 Chapter Reference the
DR, A5 Reference Character Selects the of characters and that printed. The the U.S.A. character If commonly containing or other characters the U.S.A. character to character of the character C. To and instructions, off the Then the Economy/Condensed while the back Follow the instructions that to the the buttons the finished, to the If there of the to Then off the the
Cindy Nancy Mary Sign-off: and Troubleshooting Cleaning the Heads Cartridge Cleaning the Transporting the Troubleshooting Lights Quality with DR, A5 Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference Instructions this chapter to the following to and Clean the heads the Clean the the The Troubleshooting section, which to Cleaning the Heads The cleans its heads, normally should to manually cleaning the the head become occasionally, reducing the If this initiate head cleaning to clear the head they properly. the cleaning the head(s) You clean the heads cleaning about the cleaning the back and forth and hear the recharging the heads. The light flashes throughout the cleaning and then when the finished. Follow these to or both heads: the turned and the cover. Press the the light and Troubleshooting
To the head, the and Economy/Condensed (or The cleaning and the light flashes. The cleaning when the light flashing. To the head, the and (or Black The cleaning and the light flashes. The cleaning when the light flashing. Press the and the cover. cleaning the heads, to the If satisfactory, the cleaning (You to this If the heads or both as the section. Cartridge You to when of (the that or and cleaning the head You as and Software these EPSON or XL: Black S020034 S020036 or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. DR, A5 Chapter Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. the the ready to with Attempting to without the Once the the or the to them with ones. Once the when the Follow these to or both the and the cover. Press the and that the light the about seconds the head slightly to the The light flashing. The to the seconds and Troubleshooting
the to The of the the of the and of the or try to DR, A5 Reference Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with and Troubleshooting WS-8
DR, A5 Chapter Reference the from its and the from the top of the You the from the Leaving the permanently the its with the facing and the arrow the top of the to the back of the The the and Troubleshooting WS-10
the Clean the heads to that properly to each Cleaning recommended required. If the the while the (or Black This cleans the head. If the the while the (or This cleans the head. clean the head(s), to If clean the heads, the to charge the The light flashes the process. the cover. the charging finishes, the light flashing and Press the to off the light and DR, A5 Reference and Troubleshooting WS-11
DR, A5 Reference Cleaning the To operating its should as follows: Turn off the and the and interface from the to and If the outer or the of the with clean cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the and Troubleshooting
Transporting the If to the and as follows: Press the and then off the the cover and that the head the right If the about seconds, and off. to the head to the of the the from the the interface from the the output from the top of the and the from the the protective to the the Notice that with the the and the the DR, A5 Chapter Reference the when the Transporting the without the and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference If with the the the heads as the of this chapter. If vertically, the as the and Software Troubleshooting This section what It the following lights. this section to indicated the lights. this section the or what with this section this section or other with feeding incorrectly. If the section and follow that apply to the ReadMe or the EPSON the information. If of the the U.S. and and Troubleshooting
Lights the lights. The following the of each light and what should to the Light(s) of the and the to the the Clear the flashing Cartridge correctly and Turn the off, flashing and clear obstructions and the back If the or authorized service lights flashing DR, A5 Reference Turn the off, seconds, and then If this the the factory the and buttons. that this to the If the the or authorized service and Troubleshooting and both correctly.
DR, A5 Chapter Reference Quality often cleaning the heads as this chapter. Then to the and what the that as as cleaning to If cleaning the heads the the following: selected or correctly the whether the empty. as the and Software the first the of text including and If the the of the the or turn MicroWeave and off High higher EPSON coated and or EPSON high-quality only). the matches the type of the If and the right, first to the software If the following and Troubleshooting
Printed what or or Clean or both heads as earlier this chapter. You the of the On coated only the white coated or with the facing the right of the each as to smearing the that the thickness correctly the type of Loading and Chapter information.) or when the thickness thick higher If EPSON coated or EPSON high-quality Also, that the the the type of loaded. whether To off this the Economy/Condensed the light off. whether or to or If graphics or MicroWeave and High off. that the Brightness and or Light/Dark the DR, A5 Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference If PC, might with the the VGA or the of updated information the or both as the and Software You white Turn MicroWeave the Clean or both heads. The incorrect or characters. EPSON or XL selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser If the turned off the or instructions. the EPSON or the EPSON (Macintosh). Select or then or and Troubleshooting
You incorrect EPSON or XL selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser that the Brightness and (PC or the If the the technologies and match with the to to and to closely match If from DOS or graphics appear off to too high or too the or the or what selected the option the and Software instructions. software to the or the of or the to match the the of the the Chapter DR, A5 Chapter Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference with If the to first that the Then that the outlet that switch or that the interface securely connected to the and this, the following and the light temporarily suspended. Press the to the light off. One or both or too too than months or the its First clean the heads as this chapter. If this the the The the and PC or might the specifications the or with PC, shielded, twisted-pair, with D-SUB, the and the The should than the interface RS-422, DIN, To the Peripheral-8 M1097). If connecting the to or EtherTalk A. Turn off the and as the and Software If the the with the If the correctly, the caused software. and Troubleshooting
The Cartridge light and the One or both both The and feed Something pressing the the right Turn off the and there least inches of around the The the lights the light and nothing or authorized service Printing and the and lights flash. There with the Turn off the seconds, back and If this the or authorized service The sounds nothing The heads cleaning. Cleaning the Heads instructions. One or both or too too it than months or the its as the and Software If nothing or to the DR, A5 Chapter Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Reference to the correctly. You to the EPSON or XL and Software You PC of conflicts. to the the EPSON them temporary directory. If when trying to or the other temporary the temporary directory. To the EPSON directory, follow these directory to the C:\SPLTEMP. the EPSON and the (or XL selected, and then the Select the the directory to the created the this Then OK or the and Directory the the directory to the created Then OK the and Troubleshooting
The EPSON or XL selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser selected the option the and Software instructions. the selected software the that the Text slow. You that graphics and slowing text To only, off MicroWeave and High of and allow to these this the possibly using and off MicroWeave when of high-quality graphics or photographs. as as expected. The the amount of If often with graphics and than with coverage. Cleaning the heads often than DR, A5 Chapter Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference The to On PC, release that the EPSON and or Then the and the EPSON or XL the and there the option. On release that the EPSON Click the right of the and from the Click shown Waiting and EPSON or XL selected as the (PC or the selected the Chooser If the to the and software To first off the Then the and Font and the Then The the from the the to authorized service This section to clear and that properly. and Troubleshooting
Clearing and If the clear the as follows: Turn off the the cover. the the right of the and counterclockwise as shown below. to the the shown; otherwise from the off the and smear other sheets. the If tears, If caught the of the the cover. Turn the to the heads to the DR, A5 Chapter Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference If frequently, the following: higher that too thin, too thick, or rough. EPSON coated and high- Chapter information about and specifications. the of too the input You to sheets of of coated of high-quality of or heavy to feeding If feeding properly, the the following: or The of Too the You to of sheets of coated of high-quality sheets of or The too thin or thick or to humidity; specifications. The too tight or too the and the of the If feeding the following and Troubleshooting
The than the of and to the Then the The too thin or thick or to humidity; specifications. If heavy sheets the thickness correctly type; Chapter instructions. the and the software to that selected the the and software. Ejected The too thin or or the to the selected the the software. and Software instructions. The too that within the specified specifications. DR, A5 Chapter Reference and Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Reference feeding crooked. The or creased. only smooth of Too the sheets. The the and specifications. and Troubleshooting
Cindy Nancy Mary Sign-off: Optional Interfaces and EtherTalk A-2 Connecting the to the Network A-3 Turning On the Network Interface A-4 Interface Boards the PC A-5 the C823051 or C823061 Interface A-5 Optional Interface A-6 DR, A5 Reference Optional Interfaces A-1
DR, A5 Reference You interface boards to the of built-in interfaces with or PC. to to or EtherTalk to or Ethernet interface board. This information using optional interfaces with or PC and to board and EtherTalk Networks If to the to or EtherTalk the to LocalTalk or Ethernet interface board. or EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. If the LocalTalk board, to Connector (DIN the (If already of the to Macintosh.) If the EtherTalk connected to thin (10BASE2) and the the the to The Ethernet included the EPSON Ethernet board, to Ethernet the A-2 Optional Interfaces
Connecting the to the Network the to the type: If to LocalTalk locking to the LocalTalk the back of the of to this the other of the to that of the information about creating the owners that with the Connector If connecting to EtherTalk using thin (10BASE2) first the T-connector with the board to the 10BASE2 the Ethernet interface board. the to of the T-connector. If the the another to the other of the T-connector. If the the to the other of the T-connector. If to EtherTalk twisted-pair (10BASE-T) the RJ-45 to the 10BASE-T the Ethernet interface board. DR, A5 Reference Optional Interfaces A-3
DR, A5 Reference Turning On the Network Interface If when the to the network using the the Follow these the off and the While holding the Economy/Condensed the the approximately seconds.) the the to the of the the (Press the Font to the The instruction that to Press the Font the and lights and the light off. Press the the light and the and lights off. Turn off the A-4 Optional Interfaces
Interface Boards the PC The following EPSON interface boards with Interface board Interface board C823051/C823061 32KB Interface C823071/C823081 32KB Interface board C823101 Interface board C823151 Coax Interface board C823141 Ethernet Interface board C823312 If whether optional interface, or to know about interfaces, the C823051 or C823061 Interface To the C823051 or C823061 interface board, the sections below information selecting the and other such as and interface Selecting the You from the following and second). To the the bit-rate selection board DR, A5 Reference Optional Interfaces A-5
DR, A5 Reference the the input to bytes, the X-OFF or the DTR to (MARK) to that the the increases to bytes, the X-ON or the DTR to (SPACE) to that ready to the The other including and Optional Interface Turn off the the from the and interface or interface board when the connected to the If or the screws the shield to the optional interface then off the as shown the following the the interface board. A-6 Optional Interfaces
to switches and the interface board. the boards If interface JG that to or the properly. the interface board the both of the interface to the the rear of the interface the internal the interface board the with the screws included with the interface board. DR, A5 Reference Optional Interfaces A-7
DR, A5 Reference the interface to the interface board and to other interface using than interface the off. Then the cord. If to or EtherTalk follow the A- You to the the interface options the the Chapter information. A-8 Optional Interfaces
Cindy Nancy Mary Sign-off: Technical Specifications B-2 B-3 Cartridges B-6 Mechanical B-7 B-7 B-8 B-8 Fonts B-8 Interface Specifications B-9 Interface B-9 Interface B-12 Optional Interfaces B-12 B-12 B-13 DR, A5 Reference Specifications B-1
DR, A5 Reference yellow) Printable and Character pitch Printable LQ (characters inch) (characters second) XL condensed) software and amount of covered. based with feed milliseconds -inch inches 64KB Bidirectional with ESC/P and expanded graphics feeding: spacing: -inch to -inch or -inch Character and graphics character Character International and character B-2 Technical Specifications
Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or path: front sheets capacity: of EPSON coated sheets of EPSON of EPSON high-quality inches) A4 US inches)* A3/B inches)* A3 inches) inches) types: and distributed EPSON coated high- and thickness: to inch to to to inches) A4 Thickness to inch to DR, A5 Reference XL and Technical Specifications B-3
DR, A5 Reference inches inches DL bond, or thickness than inch to to reduce and and other If switch to higher of coated high-quality and these to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH high-quality the following to 77F to 25C) Humidity: to RH that The following EPSON S041062 coated S041067 coated S041068 coated (A3) S041070 coated (B) S041069 coated A3/B) S041060 coated S041066 coated A3/B) S041065 coated (A3) S041072 High-quality S041074 High-quality A3/B) S041073 High-quality (A3) S041075 High-quality (B) S041064 Transparency B-4 Technical Specifications
sheets BR BL The top inch BL The inch BR The right inch) A4 inch) and inch) and and inch) DL inch) XL: inch) and C The inch DR, A5 Reference BL A-1 BR C C Technical Specifications B-5 A-2
DR, A5 Reference Cartridges Black (S020034): Black capacity* characters Cartridge life* years from and to months the 77F (25C); based to to C) month C) to to C) month C) hours C) C) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) (S020036): Colors and capacity* each approximately characters sheets/color, Cartridge life* years from and to months the C); based to to C) month C) to to C) month C) hours C) C) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) The If often graphics and than with coverage. Cleaning the heads than necessary The thaws approximately hours 77F (25C). B-6 Technical Specifications
EPSON and them. Other products covered warranty. the the Mechanical feed Friction with head life: and inches inches Height inches to Rated to to Rated LQ DR, A5 Reference XL inches inches Height inches Technical Specifications B-7
DR, A5 Reference to to C) to to C) month C) hours C) Humidity: to RH to RH (without UL with D3, CSA with D3 R.F.I.: FCC Fonts The with of shown below, which with the Font the the the with software The to the when software allow to B-8 Technical Specifications
Interface Specifications with interface and interface. Interface IEEE P1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: assignments Direction STROBE IN STROBE to ACKNLG OUT About LOW and the ready to DR, A5 Reference DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN These information to of respectively. Each HIGH when and LOW when Technical Specifications B-9
DR, A5 Reference Direction BUSY OUT HIGH the The HIGH the following each character) and PE OUT HIGH the or SLCT OUT to through AUTO FEED NC Not GND ground CHASSIS chassis ground, GND which connected to the ground NC Not GND Twisted-pair ground INIT IN this LOW, the to its when the first turned and the cleared. This normally HIGH; its than the ERROR OUT This LOW when the of B-10 Technical Specifications IN this LOW, the XT
Direction GND as NC Not OUT to through NC Not Notes: The heading Direction to the of as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. chart The below shows the chart the interface. BUSY ACKNLG DATA AAR03A STROBE Transition (both the and the of every than s. DR, A5 Reference Technical Specifications B-11
DR, A5 Reference Interface The built-in interface based the RS-422 to allow the to connected to Apple Macintosh. Based RS-422 Synchronization: Asynchronous DTR and XON/XOFF Word Parity Connector: Recommended Apple M0197) or Optional Interfaces The interfaces A. Please to the the with the optional interface The to of these The The INIT from the interface: LOW. Software the ESC the Software command. The the and the clear). The B-12 Technical Specifications
three the to the selected the ESC the clear the input or clear the character The the or clear the character The below shows the that when the initialized. Item Top-of-form sheets: and right -inch Character pitch selected Cleared Every characters Font selection selected and character Hardware/control cleared Software ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphic assignment ESC ESC ESC ESC and the DR, A5 Reference Technical Specifications B-13
Cindy Nancy Mary Sign-off: C Commands and Character Command C-2 Character C-3 International Character C-10 Characters with ESC Command C-11 DR, A5 C Reference and Character C-1 C
DR, A5 C Reference Command This the following ESC/P commands DOS software If information about commands, purchase the ESC/P Reference (ESCP2REF) from EPSON the U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. operation: ESC ESC ESC EM feeding CR, FF, LF, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC C ESC C ESC ESC O, ESC ESC motion ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC HT, ESC VT, ESC Font selection ESC ESC ESC P, ESC M, ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC E, ESC F, ESC Font SI, DC2, SO, ESC DC4, ESC ESC G, ESC H, ESC ESC ESC T, ESC ESC ESC Spacing ESC SP ESC ESC Character ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Graphics ESC ESC ESC MicroWeave ESC ESC commands ESC or ESC <XFER>, <MOVX>, MOVY>, <COLR>, <CLR>, <EXIT>, <CR>, <MOVXBYTE>, MOVXDOT> C-2 Commands and Character
Character The with of character when from and DOS software the the characters and its built-in character from DOS and the character should to the character These character selected the or using software commands. the the as the PC437 through 7F, the PC437 shown completely. The of the only the characters through FF. PC437 (U.S., DR, A5 C Reference Commands and Character C-3
DR, A5 C Reference PC850 PC860 PC861 (Icelandic) PC863 (Canadian-French) C-4 and Character PC850, PC860 PC861, PC863
PC865 (Nordic) PC437 PC853 PC855 DR, A5 C Reference Commands and Character C-5 PC865, PC853, PC855
DR, A5 C Reference PC852 (East PC857 PC866 PC869 C-6 Commands and Character PC852, PC857 PC866, PC869
BRASCII MAZOWIA MJK DR, A5 C Reference Commands and Character C-7 BRASCII, ABICOMP MAZOWIA, MJK
DR, A5 C Reference ISO ISO 1T C-8 Commands and Character IOS88590, ISOLATIN
DR, A5 C Reference characters the character Commands and Character C-9
DR, A5 C Reference International Character You of the following international character the or the ESC command. when the characters the the below the character The following international character selected using or with the ESC command. The following selected with the ESC command. C-10 Commands and Character
Characters with ESC Command To the characters the below, the ESC command. DR, A5 C Reference Commands and Character C-11 ESC
Cindy Nancy DR, Mary A5 Reference Sign-off: feed this selected the each (CR) feed (LF) bidirectional which the head both (bidirectionally). This increases reduce high character The of numbers, and that the of characters CMYK of specifying and creating yellow, and (K). which the of each character approximately of the of characters. to function such as or feed. Characters inch. the and of text characters that inch. character pitch. or that when the turned or initialized. dithering of to or inch. The the
DR, A5 Reference which with to and increase where distributed to ESC/P Enhanced of the ESC/P ESC/P the EPSON The of commands the to the It EPSON and software computers. of type family such as or Helvetica consisting of of from white to of repeating to troubleshooting that the of the and the the each and ASCII characters. high which the text and both (bidirectionally). This than The of restoring the of
of which the each character precisely interface The the and the which transmitted to the which such as and MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the features of To the to its of the amount of that represented. of measured of inch three and RGB of specifying its of red, and this to testing the operation. the the characters the ROM. which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows DR, A5 Reference