and Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, EUL Instructions Unpacking and Assembling and Assembling the
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION from interference that from the of interface other than those as EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and ESC/P and EPSON STYLUS of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION,
Instructions Instructions of these instructions to follow and instructions the or cover the the through the to the the type of indicated the or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. The interface (including interface and the optional Unit Non-LPS choosing the to and humidity. the from sunlight, light, or heat to and the from the areas. the outlet where the easily using the the or the the heads hand; otherwise the the of the reach of children and If off with and If them immediately with If EPSON UltraChrome the gently that previously. the the the within months of cool, the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and the or surrounding of the
United of options EPSON (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products EPSON (UK) Limited. Information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The the to this coloured with the following and yellow Earth If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and yellow connected to the the which with the or earth The connected to the the with the N. The to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and and Notes to to to Notes information and useful the of and Assembling Choosing the easy operation, and least the back of the and the Choose location that the (about with the and grounded or cord. using outlet that with other outlet that the of this
the the following to 40C Humidity: to without locations that to sunlight, heat, or the locations of interference such as or locations TVs, or the from Where to Unpack the the followings: and the to the chosen of as the Allow of and height of least that of the containing the and assembling the Unpacking the the and the from the of the the and from the then and The heavy and people the and four people the top of the A: upright, B: upright, right C: D: E: F: C
G: wrench H: head I: and washers the to the J: Assembling the people to the upright (A) and as shown. Then the to the the head (H) with the wrench (G). instruction about the attached to the of the front that the instructions. the screws too tight. to the when the screw the other upright. the the other to the base. four screws the both of the upright securely. This assembly of the attaching the mount the the the The heavy and people the and four people the top of the the accessory (K), the (L), (M), and (N). the (O).
the from around the the the Checking the that of the items shown below included, and M: N: (EPSON O: (Yellow, Light Light P: wound Q: the R: The of the AC country; the included the right location. The location country to country. If the the the (L) Unpacking the Mounting the the the casters (S) and the (T) the the and them they
the protective of the from the the front of the as shown. Mount the the as shown below. to the with than four that the touching the when mounting the the the match the right of the (shown as the below) to the of the of the the of the and with and washers (I). Release the front casters and the and the to the of the and the top
the protective from the front cover from the cover from the of the head (fixing the front cover) Watch when and closing the front cover. the front cover. the and the (E) to the of upright and right. and the (D) to the Turning the stitch the the the the Then the the the upright and right. the to their length.
the both of the (U) the the front (V) and as shown below. the to their length, then the to the (W) the front the and back. the the shown below to the shown the the feed the intermediate of the that the of the feed the shown the and Assembling Choosing the easy operation, and least the back of the and the the If the the optional If follow the below. Choose that the weight (about and height of from the the and
the front of the the of the enough front of the from or crinkled. grounded or cord. outlet that with other outlet that the of this the the following to C Humidity: to without locations that to sunlight, heat, or the locations of interference such as or locations TVs, conditioners, or locations that to or the from the from areas. Unpacking the The heavy and people the the containing the and the the accessory (A), the with and the (B) around the the from the of the the and from the then and the
the protective from the front cover from the of the head the front cover). from the cover the screw. to the Optional Checking the of the assembling the the of the to that of the items shown below included, and C C: Right and D: Right and E: F: Top G: H: wrench Accessories: head screws with washers screws Washers
Assembling the Assembly people. to match the right and (R and the of the and the right the right the the as shown. the to the with (J). the and the as the the right and as shown. the wrench (I) to the with (K), then (M) the assembling the and that they tightly. the top the right and screw to the with head screws with washers (L). This assembly of the each of the securely. Mounting the the or people to mount the the the indicated locations as shown. If the the from the the and the as shown. Then the casters of the the casters and them they
Mount the the mount as shown. the of the and the mount with wing screws (N) and washers (O). This the mounting the and the together securely. the the from the the the the the boards attached to the The top of the should facing the the of the the rear of the the as shown. the front to the which attached to the as shown (P). Then, the front the of the the front of the the as shown (Q).
Connecting the that the off. It off when the of the with the protectors. the to the AC the back of the Route the through the the of the The routed to the or right the the back of the to the the matches that of the outlet the properly grounded outlet that or switch. or to the To the follow the instructions below. The self-contained ordinary from the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with Turn the the NO INK CARTRIDGE displayed the LCD the cover, and that the the the from
If the EPSON UltraChrome the the with arrow the and to the of the and the the light off. the other each the the the cover. the charging the and the light flashes about the charged, the light flashing. the following while the light flashing; other Turn off the the front cover the the the to the released the Loading the To the the follow the instructions below. the off the of the the that it the shown. the the and the the back the the of the the cover. the the and right of the the mounting the The and mounting Mount the the mounting that the as the of the that the turned then repeatedly the Source the light
the to the released the the insertion the through the insertion that below. If the follow the instructions below. the feed the buttons the using thick, heavy, or the to increase the thin light the to the If the the the front cover and the manually. the of the the to that the of the straight, and that with the of the the to the and the cover. Press the The heads and the the READY appears the LCD the the heads and the automatically. READY appears the LCD ready to the then the Allow the to thoroughly to the If the from the the to the released and the from the and separately.
the If to the should the and Connecting the The to the to PC to If to them directly, the built-in interface or the USB interface. If to them optional interface the built-in interface To the built-in interface, shielded, twisted-pair Then follow the below to the to the interface the USB from the both the and off. the securely the interface. Then the together they both If ground wire, to the ground below the interface the other of the the USB XP, and To the to USB shielded USB Follow the below to the to The EPSON and DMA and only) of the EPSON with USB They with the interface information the EPSON and DMA Reference the both the and turned off. the the the USB the back of the (The that fits the than the that fits the the other of the to the USB The to the to whether to directly to the the built-in USB interface, or to the using optional interface
the built-in USB interface To the built-in USB interface, USB interface Then follow the below to the to both the and turned off. the securely the USB the other of the the USB the back of the Macintosh. the Software the to to the software included the Software EPSON STYLUS PRO CD-ROM shipped with software software includes the following items: and The or to such as type, and The Check, Head and Head top operating EPSON or EPSON of and information such as the amount of only) The only) to the and the when the To this optional interface. information. The Reference learn about If using the of the software, of the EPSON software If to of the software CD-ROM, the creation included the CD-ROM. Follow these to software: If to of the software included CD-ROM, the software CD-ROM, then based and follow the on-screen instructions. that off. Turn and If the New or other appears, the software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM The appears.
Choose from the then the right arrow. Click Software then the right arrow. Click the that appears to the software installation. Follow the on-screen instruction. If appears, the or the EPSON USB correctly. Troubleshooting the Reference Ensuring that the USB correctly and only) the software that the USB correctly. Click the to and that the appears the Click the then the Click the and that (EPSON displayed the to the following If the displayed, to the Troubleshooting section of the Reference connecting the to Macintosh, ready to the software included the Software EPSON CD-ROM shipped with software software includes the following items. EPSON This the software that With such as Quality, and EPSON and background You background the Chooser to this EPSON
of the of and when Head Cleaning Cleans the heads to the Head the heads that and and Option Information to ON/OFF the Follow these to software. Turn off protection software. that off. Turn Macintosh, and the software CD-ROM shipped with the CD-ROM The EPSON software automatically. Double-click EPSON Choose from the then the right arrow. Click Software then the right arrow. Click the that appears to the software installation. Follow the on-screen instruction. the Chooser to the software to the Chooser and You the first or whenever to switch to another the selected. Select Chooser from the Apple Then and the connected to. Select the Background to background or off.
With background while to the EPSON to background turned the Chooser. the the back of the to the the matches that of the outlet the What to completing the and the installation, the Reference information about troubleshooting, technical and optional products. the It instructions to the and information using optional products. You this directly from the CD-ROM, or and from Microsoft or or or to the
Printed