7900CTP Plate Accessory
Introduction Introduction The Plate Accessory the 7900CTP to Plate to and The the and the (PCU). The Plate Accessory recommended DirectPlate plates inches the 7900CTP to Plate information about the Included the four screws, four screws, and inch) wrench
the Plate the To when DirectPlate to the the the cover the the the information). the the first and the back of the the of the the first and of the Once the the front of the the top of the the Plate the Location of first
the Plate Gently the top of the both to the Plate The correctly to when the Press the Source the appears the LCD Loading Plate the and the 7900CTP_alignment_sheet.pdf that included the CD with the 7900CTP If the CD, from www.proimaging.epson.com If the RIP included with the 7900CTP the the You DirectPlate this You should the
to the from the of the to the Then the from the of the to B. If the to and to If they than the correctly with to the and the Plate
the Plate the included wrench, the of the plate If greater than B, the screw; than A, the screw. of the screw the approximately inch). and and, required, the nearly within Once the plate to the plate to the then the the The correctly when the thickness the top and of the than Leading screw Plate than Correct Incorrect Leading Plate More than
Loading Plate the DirectPlate each If the or the corners or the the WARNING: The to with the catch as shown to the to the without interference. catch the turned and the light Press the Source the appears the LCD Loading Plate the
Loading Plate the Press the release to the the to the highest suction This the To that, to increase the suction. the plate (with light the first) least to inches of the top the plate the top of 19-inch should than to inches the plate the the the top and of the that the plate touches both top and While holding the the the release to the The PRESS PAUSE appears the LCD when the the and the release closed. WARNING: The plate To from the the release Top
Press the and of the The and the plate the If the too high or too PAPER SETTINGS ARE THESE SETTINGS OK? the LCD to NO PAPER SELECTED If plates consecutively the to plates the the each there of Plate from the finished, the plate the To to the the plate and of the following: If to the release The currently the released and another If the Plate from the
the PCU Attaching the PCU The to the with the PCU; the should as the input The the to the the to both of the the screws with included wrench, as shown below. the PCU the to the with the four screws. the the of the while attaching the
You the and to match plate the to the PCU the the the input of the PCU. Press the to the completely the PCU. If to the the 7900CTP to Plate You the to and then the without to the back correctly. Where to technical and information the installation, and of professional products through the SM Warranty AM to PM through and hours of to without Unit ID which included with the Warranty information that with and of purchase. and to You firmware, and and troubleshooting or with If with the toll-free or Unit ID the Professional Where to
Notices Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with these of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. Preferred service of America, Inc. Notice Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed USA CPD-33701