Sign-off: The following procedures when the as EPSON Chapter and Reference Chapter the cover, the or the Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Notice B6 XXX-00
B6 Notice the to match the the switch. the to Other when other than A3 or loaded, the back the Printed
DR, A5 cover-2 Sign-off: Ref. Where to Information This Reference with information about the and and other that the with the information to EPSON and its optional and products. (Microsoft and NT only) with information and instructions the Windows-based software that when the software.) Chapter information and shows to from
Sign-off: rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON ESC/P and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION, DR, A5 Ref. Reference title
DR, A5 Ref. Declaration of Conformity SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: 3-chome, Representative: EPSON EUROPE B.V. Address: Prof. J. H. AT The Declares that the Product: Conforms to the following Directive(s) and Norm(s): November Y. of EPSON EUROPE B.V. According to ISO/IEC and EN Product EPSON P990A Directive 89/336/EEC: EN Class EN EN EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 73/23/EEC: EN
DR, A5 Introduction Sign-off: Ref. Instructions Instructions of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the the or or heat the The properly or or cover the the through the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded the as photocopiers or that switch and off. or cord. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the as specifically this to service the yourself. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction Ref. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected with other of to through the following of operating hand the or the the head hand; otherwise the of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of Instructions
the or to them. This to the head. Once the or the to with The become otherwise. the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this the off using the this pressed, the light flashes and then the or off the to the outlet the light off. the the head the right and the Transporting the information. and Notes followed to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction Ref. The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused United of options (UK) or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products (UK) Limited. information Warning: This earthed. to rating and that the to the supply The wires the to this coloured with the following and Earth Instructions NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency.
If to the of the of this match coloured to the terminals please as follows: The and connected to the the which with the or the Earth The connected to the the with the N. The connected to the the with the L. If to the the or with of the and DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Instructions
DR, A5 Introduction Ref. Instructions
Sign-off: Chapter Various of Choosing and Other EPSON About cleaning sheets Quality Cards, and Cards. Quality and and Light and Quality Light and Notes EPSON inches) the perforated EPSON DR, A5 Ref. of
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Choosing and Other You with and coated and they reduce the amount of that Although of with the and the the purchasing of EPSON such as (coated) cards, and that the EPSON EPSON distributed EPSON to high-quality EPSON that the and of the such as EPSON Light EPSON Light frosted-glass and its this back-lit displays. EPSON to the below to the choice of the following types, the the as Chapter and Chapter (Apple to the to the instructions Chapter of
The of EPSON currently the when distributed. The following whose The this shown the and the the shown The and of this the of the the EPSON Product Characteristics, Coated Quality Coated Quality Card Coated Card Quality A4 A3 A3/B DR, A5 Chapter Ref. A4 S041059 S041025 S041060 S041028 S041065 S041046 S041066 S041047 A3 A3/B A4 S041061 S041026 S041062 S041029 S041067 S041048 S041068 S041045 S041070 S041044 S041069 S041043 A3 A3/B A6 inch inch S041054 S041121 S041122 S041126 S041124 S041125 S041133 of This handouts of business that charts and and of This with high reasonable It graphics, and photo This of to family and EPSON with Card This the highest The with finish.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Product Characteristics, inch A4 A3 A3/B Quality (High Quality A4 S041063 with the (Transparency S041064 opportunity to and with high Quality A4 S041106 Allows to off and Light A3 S041131 This frosted-glass and its this back-lit displays. of S041134 S041140 S041141 S041142 S041143 S041145 A6 A4 A3 A3/B S041107 S041071 S041072 S041073 S041075 S041074 This the highest The with finish. It high of this such as inch and inch EPSON perforated around the to photographs. This the highest The with finish. It the of professional and
EPSON and to the off the of the the its and cool, to distributed EPSON, the instruction sheets with first. The of country. Since the the to the to the type of or DR, A5 Chapter Ref. of
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. About cleaning sheets A4 cleaning sheets with EPSON with this Cleaning sheets separately. cleaning the If feeding properly, cleaning Follow the below to the cleaning the cleaning first and as shown below, the that feeding properly. other You A4 cleaning A3 cleaning sheets with A3 EPSON Press the the to and the the cleaning through If the cleaning the and the and the instructions clearing of back of SHEET
Quality Cards, and Cards. Follow the instructions below to Quality Quality Cards, Cards, and Quality Cards. the below, and the path. Then to the instructions Chapter the type. information. Cards, the cards. Quality with the to the of feed You Rear feed The and the the the path. DR, A5 Chapter of
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the and type to match the and type of loaded. the type and to the Other of the type Quality Quality Quality Quality Card Quality Cards Quality Cards Quality If smears the type to Thick the to and or the Click or of these to the information the and Chapter or of
Select the from the Source the or the Select the of the from the the or the Select the type of from the the or the Macintosh. option Quality Quality Quality Quality Quality Card Quality Cards Quality Cards Quality Click OK or to You to of these buttons. to the as as and to high humidity, or sunlight. EPSON recommends and them from high humidity, and sunlight. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. of
DR, A5 Ref. To follow the instructions below: the below, and the path. Then to the instructions Chapter Direction with the to the the below. C5 the first with the You the You feed the front Rear with the feed to the when facing the front of the with the to the right when facing the back of the below. C5 the first with the of You to the You !K-6
the to Envelope and the type to match the type of the If the the to Other of the type of the optional or the front DR, A5 Chapter Ref. of !KH4-1
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the to from, and or the Click or of these buttons to the information the and or (Macintosh). Select the from the Source the or the Macintosh. Select the of the from the the or the the the or the Macintosh, and the necessary. Select the type of from the the or the Macintosh. If the Click OK or to You to of these buttons. to the as as and them to high humidity, or sunlight. EPSON and them from high humidity, and sunlight. Various of
Quality and Quality and please follow the instructions below: the below, and the path. Then or to the instructions Printable Down: the or the with the located the right of the trailing Down: the feed or the front with the located the right of the trailing Rear the or the feed with the located the right of the trailing The and the the the path. DR, A5 of capacity the type. If with the the or of the of You
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the and type to match the loaded. the type and to the Other of the type Quality the to and or the Click or of these buttons to the information the and Chapter or Chapter (Macintosh). Select the from the Source the or the Select the of the from the the or the of
Select the type of from the the or the option Quality Quality Click OK or to You to of these buttons. If or sheets of them of the immediately each and them top of each other. the as or to them from sticking together. and to the as as and exposed to high humidity, or sunlight. EPSON recommends and them from high humidity, and sunlight. DR, A5 Chapter of
DR, A5 Light and Quality Light or Quality please follow the instructions below: the below, and the path. Then or to the instructions Chapter You Light or Quality the trays. feed You Rear feed The and the the the path. EPSON Light to If the the to and or the Click or of these to the information the and or Select the from the Source the or the of
Select the of the or from the the or the Macintosh. Select the type of from the the or the type Light Light Quality Quality Sheet EPSON Light to backwards, the that the from the the To the Light as the or both. Click OK or to You to of these buttons. If them of the immediately each and them top of each other. the as to them from sticking together. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. of
DR, A5 Chapter Light and to the as as and to high humidity, or sunlight. EPSON recommends resealable and them from high humidity, and sunlight. EPSON three of Product (A4) (A3) A3/B) Perforated inches) inches S041134 S041145 EPSON inches) perforated around the to inch photographs. EPSON of A4 A3 A3+ S041140 S041141 S041142 S041143
follow the instructions below: the below, and the path. Then to the instructions Chapter Printable the type. the or of the of You sheet Rear The the path. inches) with the perforated as shown below. If the or the curled, to feeding DR, A5 Chapter of
DR, A5 Chapter the to match the type of and the type to the the to and or the Click or of these buttons to the information the and Chapter or Chapter Select the from the Source the or the Select the of the from the the or the Macintosh. type options A4, A3, A3/B Perforated Select Quality as the from the the or the of
Click OK or to You to of these buttons. Notes EPSON inches) Please the following when this The of might off when the perforated inch) inch) You with the non-coated (EPSON of To this as the and EPSON as the or tear the the perforation only tear, or the DR, A5 Chapter inch) of
DR, A5 Chapter the perforated the perforations to the of the You the back and forth the perforations, as shown below, and then tear the the perforations the EPSON to the as as and it to high humidity, or sunlight. EPSON resealable and them from high humidity, and sunlight. as to them from sticking together. of
D. Sign-off: Chapter Selecting Path Path and and Loading Capacity Loading Loading the Loading the optional Loading the Loading the front Loading the DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Selecting Path three to choose from, and purchase optional fourth to choose from. feed Rear (optional) The capacity the the type. the following section You the feed
Path and The the The below shows and and (and Index DL Envelope C6 Envelope C5 Envelope Envelope A4 DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Rear feed feed (optional)
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. (and A6 A5 A4 A3 A3/B Other, to inches first otherwise specified. The front feed than The feed than The optional only than thick such as and types, there to the shown to Chapter of information types. Rear feed (optional)
and Loading Capacity The capacity the type and The below and location of trays. and type type (optional) Quality Quality Card Cards Cards Quality Quality A6) DR, A5 Chapter Ref. If with the Quality Card, the of cards. If with the Cards, the of cards. If with the Cards, the of cards. with the Quality *You to of A3 or If with the Quality the of the
DR, A5 Chapter type (optional) Quality You the front and You the Light front and or inches of the of or of the of You the You only the A4 cleaning that with of EPSON to this A3 cleaning sheets. About cleaning
Loading You sheets to A3/B using the Chapter of Follow the below to the performance when from the the to the the from the and to If the of the or the and type of the other and the and type correctly, the from the other Press the to of DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Ref. the and type The and type to the of the the that matches the of the A4) and the the the the type that matches the type of and the the type the right. You the the Loading the The following to the and optional trays; however information about the You of and EPSON the such as or cards, and sheets. such of type caset2
the slightly and the cover. If or release the and the completely. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. K-5 K-6
DR, A5 Ref. both as as they of then to the K-8
the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the the the of the the first. of first. Path and If curled, If excessively and frequently, using The to of or the arrow the of the right information the of EPSON and Loading Capacity DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Ref. the the of the the cover.
If the first the cover then the cover. the it the and type to match the loaded. DR, A5 Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The and type the the and or The of this selection to or type to the the the match the the software. You off the function selecting Other as the and type Select Other or types. If smears the Thick as the type If the or type incorrectly, the The and type to the of the the that matches the of and the the the the type that matches the type of and the the type the right. You the the
Loading the optional To the that with the optional Sheet the completely from the Then follow to the instructions. To the slightly and then If than A4 the and cover of the that the cover when they ejected. DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. from the To the that the the Source the to (Lower) The from the the Source the to Select and the and type the that match the and type of the the Source the to Select and the of the switches and from the of the following The and type the both trays. The and type to Other the
Switching the and the optional If the optional the the optional cover with the cover, which right Also, the the optional the cover with the optional cover. Follow the instructions below to switch covers. the from the and optional the cover. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. caset,casetop
DR, A5 the cover slightly backwards. the and that the cover notches easily off the the other cover that the cover notches straight and the
the to the upright and the cover notches the the cover. DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Loading the You sheets of the front or without removing the supply from the Loading the front Follow the below when the front feed You the front The following to the front the turned If of that than A4 the and cover
the right of the with the right and the the feed The the and the when from the the finishes the If the completely, the Loading the feed Follow the below when the You The following to the feed the turned If of than A4 the and DR, A5 Chapter
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the cover. the to match the the right of the with the right and the the feed
with the the C5 the first with the The the automatically, and the when from the the finishes the If the sheet completely, the DR, A5 Chapter !KH4-1
DR, A5 Chapter Ref.
Proof Sign-off: Chapter the Software The Software Accessing the Software From From or NT From the the the the the Printout and the the NT only) Checking the EPSON Information Through From From From NT From DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The Software The software includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top The and to to the option to the This to the and as Basically, there three of the the which and the which to To with and to Advanced as the option the These The software to To the of the or Chapter EPSON the Software
Accessing the Software the following the and contained software directly from or from and NT or The the should the software from to that the the to about the From should the software the and the following to of to the software. From the choose or the that appears or You to of these buttons. The and the The the and option information and Click the top of the to the information the and Chapter information the and and option information and DR, A5 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. From or NT Follow these to the software from Computer. If the section. Double-click the Double-click the right-click the of and The appears. Click the top of the to the NT right-click the of and The and the The the and and option information and information the and Chapter information the and and option information and From Follow these to the software from the and the Double-click the Choose from the the Software
Choose You the of the software The and the The the Click the top of the to the information the and the following Chapter information the and and option information and the selected the the of to the and the If to and the to yourself. and which the to those the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software DMAIN
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the choose the while selected, appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than information about the instructions the The to the of such as or or You the the below the Advanced the To choose Advanced then the from the to the type of or choose other such as Quality, and automatically. shown the the of the to the and as they affected the select. information the The the following and high the of that to the of the head and the Software
Text/Graph such as and charts or Text text-only ICM ICM This to match ICM DR, A5 Chapter Ref. using or EPSON PhotoEnhance and PhotoEnhance the and of the to PhotoEnhance with PhotoEnhance selected increase and the amount of the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the users to manually their own the to the or to the Advanced the and then the The More appears: or the Quality, and To and this Quality, and then other the section about the OK and to the To to the without applying the the Software
To the The Custom appears: the and the appear the the Advanced the You To the the the Custom and then You the If the or when of selected the Advanced the the selected the to Custom The that previously selected affected this To to the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the On the the that matches the the the following to the (shown then the If the option shown the the Quality the More as the or the the Advanced the EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON (A3) S041065 S041046 EPSON A3/B) S041066 S041047 the Software
Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality (A3) S041068 S041045 EPSON Quality (B) S041070 S041044 EPSON Quality A3/B) S041069 S041043 EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 EPSON Quality Card S041122 EPSON Cards A6 (with S041147 EPSON Cards (with S041148 EPSON Cards (with S041149 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON Quality (A3) S041125 EPSON Quality A3/B) S041133 EPSON S041134 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON (A3) S041142 EPSON A3/B) S041143 EPSON S041145 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON Quality (A3) S041073 EPSON Quality (B) S041075 EPSON Quality A3/B) S041074 Light EPSON Light (A3) S041131 The of country. the Printout and This section to that the and the of the Software
the The with the Source and as as other such as of and or information about the Source and Click the or the to the to the of from to You and Select whether to or or If or NT This rotates vertically, which allows to to the This the top than the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Printable Select to as as the Select to from the NT only) The with three options and NT allow to or reduce the of or the only) allows to or four of and the to or the Software
There three options the Normal, to and The to proportionally or reduces the of the to the the The Custom allows to manually the to or reduce Click the to the Proportion to from to only) Selecting the or the to or of of Click the to the where the of the to You choose to around each the of clicking the The active appears the the to the currently selected and to the which the the from of or (.BMP) as The allows to of the and of DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Ref. Checking to the from or 3.1-based the EPSON automatically. The displays the which shows the of the and the of such as The displays the which shows the of the the EPSON The EPSON to and and If the or them (with this the received. reaches the top of the the EPSON the to the To the from the EPSON appears the You the and information the and and or selected from the the Software
EPSON to the the EPSON appears the right of This shows the of the and information the EPSON and bidirectional the and established. You the to information clicking the You from the EPSON the and buttons as below. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Stop from the the whole or the the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. To the from the EPSON appears the of or the the EPSON group. information, EPSON to the the EPSON appears the right of This shows the of the and information. the Software
You from the using the and as below. Information Through software that includes information and instructions about and the of about software. From To from the and choose or Then or to of these buttons) the software Click the the of the or related to the items that If or NT related to item right-clicking the then clicking the Whats This? DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Stop from the the whole or the the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. From To from the to and and then EPSON You the From NT To from the to and EPSON and then EPSON You the From To from the EPSON and the EPSON You the the Software
Sign-off: Chapter the Software The Software the the the Choosing effects the the Custom the Printout and Background DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The Software The software includes and The choose from of to the from The the and top The and to to the option to the This only to the and as the Basically, there three of the the which and the which to To with and to Advanced as the option. These below. To the of the or Chapter EPSON or the boxes, and information and instructions about software. the Software
the selected as the the the of to the and the to switch from the to the Advanced However, enough the to switch to the Advanced to with the or information and information To the the of The appears. the choose as the while selected, appears the that choose Quality or Select Quality when than to the and as below they the other You to the other basic such as information the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software PSETUPA
DR, A5 Chapter Select the that matches the of the below to which (shown matches EPSON (A4) S041059 S041025 EPSON S041060 S041028 EPSON (A3) S041065 S041046 EPSON A3/B) S041066 S041047 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041061 S041026 EPSON Quality S041062 S041029 EPSON Quality S041067 S041048 EPSON Quality (A3) S041068 S041045 EPSON Quality (B) S041070 S041044 EPSON Quality A3/B) S041069 S041043 EPSON Quality Card (A6) S041054 EPSON Quality Card S041121 EPSON Quality Card S041122 the Software
EPSON Card (A6) S041147 EPSON Card S041148 EPSON Card S041149 EPSON Quality (A4) S041106 EPSON (A4) S041063 EPSON S041064 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041126 EPSON Quality S041124 EPSON Quality (A3) S041125 EPSON Quality A3/B) S041133 EPSON S041134 EPSON (A4) S041140 EPSON S041141 EPSON (A3) S041142 EPSON A3/B) S041143 EPSON S041145 Quality EPSON Quality (A4) S041071 EPSON Quality S041072 EPSON Quality (A6) S041107 EPSON Quality (A3) S041073 EPSON Quality (B) S041075 EPSON Quality A3/B) S041074 DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Ref. Light EPSON Light (A3) S041131 The of country. If includes If or to as of choose Black the The to the of such as or or The appear located the More and buttons the This when the Advanced To the Advanced button, then the and to the type of or to choose other such as Quality, and automatically. shown the the right of the to the and as they affected the select. the section information the and the Software
The the following Advanced This with reproduction of or Advanced to shifting of of which to the of the head and feeding. You the this with high Selecting Advanced the option to Color. the Advanced selected the to Custom this option. This with reproduction of or the selected the to Custom this option. Text/Graph This graphics-intensive such as charts and It the the and highlights of the Text/Graph selected the to Custom this option. DR, A5 Chapter the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. PhotoEnhance This using or EPSON PhotoEnhance and the and brightness of the Selecting PhotoEnhance the option to the PhotoEnhance selected the to Custom with PhotoEnhance selected and the amount of contained ColorSync This to match the Selecting ColorSync the option to the ColorSync selected the to Custom Text This text-only It with than the Text/Graph with This the to the Text selected the to Custom this option. the Software
the to manually their the to the or to as below. Click the Advanced the Click the More The More appears. The the More allow to and quality. These this chapter. The Quality, and the of other options, this Quality, and then other OK and to the To to the without applying DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software ADVANCEA
DR, A5 Ref. To as group, follow these Click the The Custom appears. to characters) the Click You to of You of from the the You To the to the Custom then the and You the the Software CUSTOMA
Choosing To choose Advanced the then the the More and If the or option when of selected the the selection shown the to Custom The that previously selected affected this change. To to the To to the appearance of the and the More You to with to the selected as the Black selected, only and Brightness information the The with of that applications. DR, A5 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter There four as follows: the and correction the type of to the Photo-realistic that closely matches the this photographs. the and the and highlights of this graphics, such as charts and The the Choose this option when ColorSync this normally, choose of the other the below, the to the right or with or type the to the to The from to Brightness the or of the Software
or the the bright and of the of that muted than those with higher the amount of each of the three PhotoEnhance Select this option when with or EPSON the and brightness of the to PhotoEnhance PhotoEnhance selected, other those PhotoEnhance when selected as the option. with PhotoEnhance selected and the amount of DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. ColorSync Select ColorSync when matching with the It the to the they appear There Profile and below To this the To the ColorSync Profile through the and the Profile from the of that appears, and then Select the ColorSync when selected as the option. Profile Matches the with the displayed This software EPSON which to with this option selected, the software the EPSON. other with their products. If these appear the Profile the information the chosen from the Profile The option photographs and that to the other options. the Software
The option this graphics, such as charts and graphics. The option when of when that or other perfectly to the and other This of three or Dithering Select when text only. Although this should with Select when photographic to and with the surrounding Dithering and charts, and other that of bright Select Dithering with This the its Printed and text appear backwards. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the the following the More to the of the this Quality and Quality The Quality the highest high This to this with high Prints high Select this when EPSON Quality or EPSON Quality as Normal Prints and higher Select this when EPSON or EPSON as The Quality the of selecting the the Quality the the Software
MicroWeave MicroWeave allows to graphics and This reduces the of the light that The (Microweave) when the to Quality to and to Quality Quality or Quality You to with MicroWeave the when selected. High This activates bidirectional which reduces the to that High should switched off highest If appear when High selected, to the head. the Head If as the Quality to text and art with that to this and increase memory Additionally, to and correctly. If with off or memory. DR, A5 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter the To the choose from the of The following appears: You of the following If this A3/B A3 B4 A4 A4 (Landscape) B5 B5 (Landscape) A5 A6 the Software (Landscape) Envelope Envelope DL Envelope C5 Envelope C6 EPSON PRINTW
The the that Path and first. to the with the when the to the with the when the feed C5 the first with the the or C5 first with the the Source as as front and rear If purchase and the optional Sheet the (Lower) option Select the or Select to the to the to the and Select (Lower)* when the optional installed. this to the of the or Landscape. DR, A5 Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Select this to which allows to to the This the top than the or this to reduce or the of The from to the and Printable Select to as as the Select to from the top and and from the right and Custom If included the the follow the below to the The following appears: the Software
To New The to allow to the the the New Specify the of as inches or the and the height. Click OK You to the You to The appear the the To the the from the the Custom and DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Printout and To the and the of and the There four the to and These below. to Selecting this proportionally or reduces the of the to the selected the To this function, On and the the from the the Software LAYOUTMA
Selecting this function to the background of or Select the to from the then its and intensity. The and of the the with the the of the the the of hand, the and when the of the You (or PICT as to the Follow the below to the and DR, A5 Chapter the Software LAYOUTMA
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Click the to and the and You or four of selecting or the You choose to around each the of the Software MAC2 WATER_L WATER_D
You to of or Background to the the EPSON to what You the This shows the of the currently printed. EPSON first Background the Chooser. operation, from the Application the right of the This to the following: You EPSON double-clicking the EPSON the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Software
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. To the and the top of the To the and the top of the To the and the top of the To follows the below. Click the arrow the of the You to the below. Click the to its priority. Normal or from the Priority the Software EM3_2
Sign-off: Chapter EPSON Introducing the EPSON EPSON EPSON Head Cleaning Head and Option Information only) the EPSON EPSON Checking the Preferences the background the EPSON A5 Chapter EPSON
A5 Chapter Introducing the EPSON EPSON allow to from and Macintosh, to the To the the the software and the below appears. Then the the to The below. The EPSON and the information about the The parentheses the the shortcut that On the and the to that While of the buttons, the EPSON EPSON
users, the and to the below. EPSON The of the shows and and To the the EPSON the If the Chapter instructions. The that with when the connected directly to the LPT1, and when to You the that with the optional EPSON Ethernet Interface Card when about EPSON A5 Chapter EPSON UTILA
A5 Chapter EPSON The of the shows and and You this to the path, type, and about the EPSON Macintosh. the and the the head cleaning, the Head Cleaning directly from the the cleaning to that the head cleaned. information. Head Cleaning You to the head and head cleaning, the to whether the head to cleaned necessary). You the directly from the Head Cleaning utility. Cleaning the Head information. Head If of this to the head. the Head information. EPSON
and Option Information only) This allows the to information, such as whether optional or memory It information characteristics of the such as ID and NT only). The information the and Option Information and the to that information and whether the EPSON Ethernet when connecting to manually input information. If appears the prompting to or the follow the below to manually the A5 EPSON PRTOPT
A5 Chapter Click the Sheet the and Option Information to information about and options. This A4 or You to the below. the the match the information the If they match, the to match the information the Click OK to this and EPSON
Follow the instructions below to the where to To the follow the below. Double-click the the Right-click the of and The appears. Click the the top of the Click the A5 EPSON SANDP
A5 Chapter High Select this to high-speed This as cache when of Select this to the every EPSON Select this to the EPSON instead of the The EPSON EPSON the to EPSON DMA appear below the EPSON the DMA of If DMA One of the following appear. High (DMA) The DMA already higher rates, DMA You to DMA instructions about to DMA EPSON
High Copy You the cache where temporarily This only when than Clicking this the the where choose the of or warning becomes necessary. You choose when the as as choose the the temporary of and A5 Chapter EPSON CONFIG
A5 Chapter the EPSON The EPSON allows to when and troubleshooting instructions when To through optional Ethernet Interface Card (C82357 and the that with this interface the that with the interface instructions the the to the README located the EPSON This the information the EPSON EPSON and printer-shaped background the the of To the EPSON shown the the background You this from Click to and then the EPSON Checking the This section to the to and information and the EPSON features. EPSON
EPSON You commands directly clicking the buttons the from this to the appears and of the function appears the the of the EPSON To this EPSON the and You commands clicking the the to the appears and of the function appears the the of the EPSON This displays information the EPSON connected directly to If from the this displays the and icons. If the displays the following information: and Count. A5 Chapter EPSON STM01
A5 You rearrange the of the the the of the information shown the and Count Click the or Count title to the priority. the the and of the EPSON connected to to this You or to choosing or from the To memory, to from the (Doing the from The that appear the to ready the that and the and the information. The displays the of the Count The Count displays the of to EPSON
This allows to information and the Click the the EPSON to the following the which information the selected to the EPSON Select Not Memory information using the A5 Chapter EPSON STM02
A5 This the appearance and of the EPSON and the Click the the EPSON to the following Shows or the and the EPSON the of the the the the the and of to the Refresh the information shown the EPSON STM03
This allows to the and background as as and from the Click the the EPSON to the following the Preferences Preferences where the and the background the selected information, Turning background Allows to the to Background Activates the A5 Chapter The Background and the Preferences while the inactive. EPSON STM04
A5 Chapter Select background information the background Click the EPSON to Click About to the and copyright information. The shown below information the of selected The and Information. the information these To the the or the and then choose from the of the EPSON You the clicking the information the EPSON the of the that appears the when background active.
To the the top of the This with information through graphic and The appearance of the the graphic to the the If troubleshooting appear the the of this A5 EPSON STM07
A5 This with information the of the and the amount of You this to whether the that the selected the matches the the EPSON STM08
Information If connected to through this information and other A5 Chapter EPSON STM09
A5 Chapter Preferences You the (the of information the selected and turn the background the Preferences To the Preferences Turning background the the background the Preferences the the selected the background whenever The informs of the the shown below, the right-hand of The and that allows to the selected EPSON STM10
Turning background Follow the below to background and when the appears. the active. (It active printer-shaped appears the the of If the inactive, the EPSON from as Then to Background the and from or to the The Background and while the inactive. Select the to from the and then Preferences the The below appears. A5 EPSON STM06
A5 Chapter the to the necessary. to slowly. Click this to background the selected and to the Click the options to specify when the to appear. Click OK to and the Preferences the background printer-shaped background appears the whenever the active. Double-clicking the background the EPSON Right-clicking this where choose whether the appear front of other the This allows to the the the background from the To the of Turning background EPSON
the EPSON (Macintosh) To the the EPSON the The following appears: The the amount of when first To the information, the Active The active path, or currently selected the appears this If the front or rear feed that the active path. If feed the the active path. If the sheet and the the becomes the active path. A5 EPSON STM
A5 Chapter the amount of as of the of the trays. Warning: The of sheets type. the the the type the If Other appears as the or the or the type the to Other. The and choose the of the the Click the the the amount of the EPSON
Sign-off: Chapter The the Functions and head and type interface ECP the DR, A5 The
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the The lights and buttons the easily operations. The lights with to as Software selections. software to functions whenever Function the and off. Clears the memory and three seconds. Cleaning Cleans the head (when the lights off) and three seconds. loaded, and loaded, If The PANEL
Functions The following functions the parentheses) while turning the the following sections and Prints and head the and Cleaning and the and type This function through the lights there the and type and the and the or This when the to of the and interface ECP Cleaning or ECP the interface. the front and the thickness of from the or thick DR, A5 Ref. The
DR, A5 Ref. and The and function the that the includes of This function activated from the as below. the turned off. A4 or the the and the to the The and to the below. The and white, the the and If the or the shown below, cleaning the head as and The PATTERN3 PATTERN2
head to the head from the software, the head the the Heads Follow the instructions below to the head the the turned off. A4 or the both the and buttons and to the The light and the light flashing and the the head The to the below. DR, A5 Ref. The K-40
DR, A5 Ref. the and the from to that (It to this Press the to the lights the as shown below. light Black off Press the to selection. The to the below. this the lights while the and lights flash. which of the and the the and buttons and the below. Press the repeatedly necessary, to the selection to the right and the to the selection to the the lights that the selected. The
light Black off Press the Cleaning to selection. The back to the head If other numbered through finishing the head the to the and turn off the and type If this the whether the and type match the the The lights they match. To this function or whether this function follow the below. the off. the Cleaning and the The light flashes and the light DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the below, and the to the necessary. Light On Black light light Press the to the or to the and the off. interface ECP If and the interface ECP the interface to ECP, which increases the and If this off. To or this follow the below. that the turned off. the and Cleaning and the to turn the The light and the light flashing. the below, and the to the necessary. Light On Black light light Press the to the or to the and turn the off. The
the the and the front or feed the increases the the and the head to smearing thick If the this to and the the to the and the If smears when the front or thick such as this to (thick To this follow the below. that the turned off. the and the to the You the light and the light flash. the below, and the to the necessary. Light Black light (thick light Press the to the or to the and turn the off. the back from (thick to thick DR, A5 Ref. The
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The
Sign-off: Chapter and Transportation Cartridge Cleaning the the the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Cartridge The lights inform when to and when to If and then the the of and the light to when the of EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. The following the lights and actions required. Light Actions and o off, and and flashing and Transportation (S020118). the (S020147). the (S020143).
Light Actions and o off, and and flashing of the empty, the to the the ready to with DR, A5 Chapter the yellow (S020122). the and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. To follow the below. the which to as indicated the light that flashing or the The and located the and the yellow and located the right the the then the straight of the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with and Transportation
the the and from its the with the arrow and to the rear of the and the the clicks the light off. If the light the correctly. the and then as the and DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the off and the lights off. Then the cord. from the sheet to and If the or the of the dirty, with cloth with the closed to from If the of the with off with cloth. Warning: to the the or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service and Transportation
Transporting the If to the and as follows: Turn the the and the Press the to that the Turn off the and the heads the right) If they the back they and the then off the turning off the the light while. the the light off. four of the and them the and covers. If to the DR, A5 Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter the from the then the interface from the the the protective when the Repack the cord, and other the to the and Transportation
the The to to the to the the first the the to the there to noted: The first the the head clogged. EPSON the head the information. EPSON the If the the the of and the light to when the of DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and Transportation
Sign-off: Troubleshooting the and supply Clearing Increasing the DMA Cleaning the Head the Head Cleaning the the Head Uninstalling the Software Contacting Customer United and the of Ireland Australian DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the Troubleshooting easy first the then apply the fixed. The information that to the the lights and the (EPSON and EPSON only). whether with the or with the operation and this chapter and to the information this chapter to the of then apply the recommended the You with the lights the If and the lights or flashing, the following of light to the then follow the recommended corrective Troubleshooting
State of and lights and o off, and and flashing DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the the or to from the correctly the instructions about the The that the properly the the (optional) the or to from the (optional correctly the instructions about the The the that the properly the The Source the to Feed, of the feed the front or the Turn the off and the from the The cover the cover. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. State of and lights and o off, and and flashing Troubleshooting The nearly empty. (S020118). The empty. the with (S020118). instructions. The the The nearly empty. (S020147). The empty. the with (S020147). instructions. The the The nearly empty. (S020143). The empty. the with (S020143). instructions. The the
State of and lights and o off, and and flashing DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The nearly empty. (S020122). The empty. the yellow with (S020122). instructions. The the memory occurred when High Copy There the the and the the and Option Information the the Memory the and Option Information from the matches the amount of SIMM memory the then This the first printed. The head operating properly. Turn off the Check the of the or of and then the required. Turn off the and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and type The light shown the below appear the following The and type to the information. The of the or type the match the or the Light Source Directions the and o off, and and flashing Troubleshooting Select that the and the and type the and the match. Then If the match the force the to the the (Lower) Select (Lower)
If or Macintosh, the or to the or operation and using the whether the from the or the To follow these both the and off. Unlock the both of the interface and the ground necessary. the from the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. that the least inches) A4 first. the head directly the which the and the to the Then release both buttons. The that includes the of ROM, the and typical The and white, the Troubleshooting
Press the to off the finishes the If the operation appear as shown the right and the the software the interface to shielded or the If the operation satisfactorily, of the as shown below, there with the This or head. and below and to the or directly to Cleaning the Head and This section to the the type of and the that closely matches the The and first, them the that they written the DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting PATTERN2
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. supply The lights then off and off. What to The rating match the of The and the lights off. What to The turned off. Press the The light The properly the The switch or The of another the to whether the outlet If Troubleshooting the and ratings. If the match, the immediately and Warning: the to that matching Turn off the the the and the back
The light nothing What to The interface Confirm that the to connected properly. the and the securely. If the correctly, as interface both the and specifications. software properly that properly selected software. Nothing and the lights or flashing. What to Several the occurred once. to what of occurred, and apply the recommended DR, A5 Chapter Ref. If built-in the interface to the interface that both and specifications. Connecting the to PC or Connecting the to Interface Specifications A. or the software as Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The sounds nothing What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head If this four or below. One or of the than months or the the The operation nothing from within What to selected Select the software. section of software. The interface both the and memory too to the of Troubleshooting cleaning the head. If that the the as interface that both and specifications. Connecting the to PC or Connecting the to Macintosh the Interface Specifications A. reducing the of image-editing software. memory Select or as below.
DR, A5 Chapter and NT choose as the To the to and choose Then the and the information this or NT the the then and choose Then choose from the information this If to information, board Macintosh, choose from the Apple and Select information this Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. and white. What to selected Select software. software. selected or the too high or too the What to Margins incorrectly that the correctly the specifications A-5 A. The of the the match the within or Troubleshooting Select and the to If the and white, from another If this the the of the software with. the of or the within or to match the of the
what What to The and the amount of the too high. Something the or What to The within incorrect. The interface that the securely connected properly. connected to the and the the interface from the occurred. then try the operation DR, A5 Chapter of and Increasing the High and significantly increase the amount of to processed. These factors the the within and If only choose Chooser from the Apple and the If built-in the interface to the Macintoshs Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter The New appears though the software already What to This when Click the then OK properly from the What to Too sheets the of the the sheets, and the to the amount of the The the the of correctly. Loading the of the of the path. and and the If of the lights to flash, off the and that the of and sticking together. The or The or creased. only smooth sheets of Troubleshooting
The that the with the this A-2. The and/or type correct. The too tightly and the or they too and the that that of of to the or sheets of of EPSON to and the cleaning to clean the path. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. that the and type the and the match. If that the Other the the too tight. path. that the path(s) the type, and of the the instructions. the information. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. The than What to Too sheets the of the the sheets, and to the amount of the The the the of correctly. Loading The the The of the the and to the Then the The too thin. the the this A-2. sheets feed properly from What to or The too thick A-2. or too thin to The sheets the enough. they Troubleshooting the and to the Then the
Ejected What to The or its The too thin. the the this A-2. What to The too Press the to the that the this A-2. What to The and/or type correct. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. that the and type the and the match. If that the Other Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. or What to of the of and the together. The too thin or the the rough. this A-2. Too the and the and Loading Capacity the amount of the The of the turning the of correctly loaded. the of the with arrow the of the the correctly. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head The to The Select the correct. or and the the type of the Troubleshooting
The What to or the its The Select the correct. or (Macintosh), and the the type of the The smeared. What to The too If the thick. the type to the Thick If the function to (thick the information. without the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. cards, and EPSON should with the them. the the If necessary, of instead of the of information. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. sheets of EPSON Quality loaded. the the of the as shown below with cloth. The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head Troubleshooting with the or of If to of to sheets with the (or of them. Warning: to touch the the
White appear the What to The incorrect. The MicroWeave option selected. One of the the to which light flashing, and the The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Headon What to The head the head with the Head the Headon The the High option selected. what What to The the selected or the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the matches the type of the Turn the the and that selected the type and/or the software. using that the this A-2. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. You the the the of the then the correctly. The the to correct. they If these correct, Also, information or Chapter Macintosh. The High To higher selected the High selected. or NT The to the ID from the automatically. Colors than What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning the Head Black selected the to The of the the the correctly loaded. then the correctly. Troubleshooting the and Option Information from the and input the ID manually.
The the match the loaded. and the type the to match the type of loaded. The ICM or ColorSync and properly Since and differently, match on-screen perfectly. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. that matches the selected the and the type the Select as the the the of image-editing software and information the that with the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Colors What to The the of EPSON The the match the loaded. and the type the match the type of loaded, or that matches the graphics or characters. The or areas. What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head Black graphics or characters. The light or What to The head Clean the head. Cleaning clogged. the Head Troubleshooting that the of the If necessary, the and If the heads as
Photographic or rough. What to The the heads with the Head the Head The of the or the the image-editing software too The searches the What to The turned off. Press the The light The interface Confirm that the to connected properly. the and the securely. If built-in the interface to the Macintoshs DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Increase the software. that higher to of the EPSON PhotoEnhance or recommended photographic To this the Advanced and PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance from the the or the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 interface both the and specifications. The EPSON interface bi-directional The this option selected the the head using the Head Cleaning the What to You attempted to the head while or both of the or of Troubleshooting interface that both the and specifications. Connecting the to PC or Connecting the to the Interface Specifications A. EPSON as the If the You this the to the To the the to and Right-click the and choose from the Click the then Select bi-directional this the lights. If of the or empty, the Head Cleaning as
Clearing To clear follow the below: Turn off the the and there the path. Gently the If to the following these If the to If the optional the and the of the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting K-37 !K-37
DR, A5 the rear feed and cover. If necessary, the Gently the If to the following these If the to Troubleshooting !K-19 K-34 !K-34
the feed cover and the cover. Gentry the the cover, cover, and cover closed. Turn the back Press the to properly and of the Increasing the as high than the of this reason, to selective of DR, A5 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. the highest and of when that includes photographs, to the other that to increase the The following shows the factors that and (increasing the other). Higher software Quality Normal halftoning High On MicroWeave On On characteristics High The below shows the factors related to only. software Black On On On Troubleshooting
characteristics of HDD Memory Software One memory Not the software and software to of from to white. DMA DMA to to the This only and that which ECP to ECP and DMA Follow the instructions below to DMA Double-click the the EPSON and Property from the The appears. DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Click the and the the The appears. what written the EPSON the with the below. Action High (DMA) DMA already Click OK and the higher to DMA DMA the to ECP or Enhanced BIOS to DMA or instructions. Troubleshooting the BIOS the software. the the software.
Double-click the and Double-click the and the Double-click the (COM LPT) and LPT1 If connected to other than LPT1, the Click the and the to there the the shown the DR, A5 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Select of the from the Based that and the both Direct Memory Access and and displayed. Confirm the Conflicting shows conflicts Click OK to the and to whether DMA You to DMA the information the DMA of Troubleshooting
Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. You the head from the Head Cleaning the software, or from the the buttons. head cleaning To wasting the head only the to that the head to cleaned. or lights flashing or the head. the first. the Head Cleaning users: the and the lights off. If the lights or flashing, the or with Access the as Chapter Then the Head Cleaning Follow the on-screen The light flashes while the the cleaning This operation about three to DR, A5 Chapter Ref. off the while the light flashing. Doing the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the light flashing, the Head Cleaning and the to that the head and to the cleaning The and white, the the that from the as shown below, to the head cleaning and the If hasnt repeating this four or follow the this chapter. If the Troubleshooting
users: that the and the lights off. If the lights or the Choose from the Then the Head Cleaning Follow the The light flashes while the the cleaning This about three to the light flashing, the Confirmation the Head Cleaning to and to the cleaning the to the head clean. to of the the that from the to the head cleaning and the If hasnt repeating this four or other this chapter. If the DR, A5 Chapter Ref. turn off the while light flashing. Doing the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter the To the head using the buttons, follow these that the and the lights off. If the lights or flashing, the Press the cleaning three seconds. The light flashing, and the the and cleaning the head. This about three to off the while the light flashing. Doing the the light flashing, to that the head clean. If the then to the If hasnt repeating this four or follow the this chapter. If the Troubleshooting
the Head If of to the from the Head the head the buttons to the the head, that least inches) A4 first. the head directly the which users: A4 or the Click the the software Then the Head Follow the to the head. users: A4 or the Choose from the Then the Head Follow the to the head. DR, A5 Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Uninstalling the Software Follow the instructions below to the EPSON and Double-click the and the Double-click Select EPSON Software to the or EPSON to the from the software Click If software, appears and to the the to Follow the instructions the to the software. EPSON that the background turned off. Troubleshooting
Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information this services to the following information: of (The the back of the Brand and of software (Click the About NT, or Software application(s) normally with and their number(s): United and the of Ireland If purchased the UK or the of Ireland, (UK) of services and technical customers the of Ireland, please the when the UK the following the should as from the of Ireland. DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Ref. The the UK or from the of Ireland, or the They the following information: Information and EPSON products from EPSON) Where to purchase EPSON and options Customer Customer the following services: Technical information and operating EPSON products EPSON products to repaired within the warranty information contacting Customer team, please the Service and Information that with EPSON If this found EPSON service, Service or World below Troubleshooting
EPSON EPSON Service and specifications the EPSON products information including troubleshooting switch and information To EPSON, touch-tone You to follow to and once telephone and numbers, EPSON of the to found the that the EPSON and the ID numbers. The to automatically. Service and You the EPSON Service membership required. that software to ANSI and of to Downloading include and the that with software and information. first to the Service, phone and (which yourself). DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. World If to the and World information the EPSON products, software and to Australian EPSON wishes to with high of Customer Service. as this the following information: EPSON FAXBACK EPSON FAXBACK the and EPSON products offered There technical information including of the software and and the through of choices the information to EPSON This where the software and the BBS to the If phone URL Access the World Worth the You the information as offered the EPSON FAXBACK and the EPSON Troubleshooting
Dont that often and The should the first They and easily as as the to EPSON EPSON as to to the and software They the EPSON products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes the EPSON type of operating and other information required. DR, A5 Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. the telephone and below: To technical as as other services, to EPSON Limited. EPSON established both Chinese and English the to users with the following information: Product information to Frequently of EPSON World Troubleshooting
(BBS) to information and the of You to the following the BBS service: BBS: Technical You technical the following telephone and numbers: To technical as as other services, to the EPSON Representative Office the telephone and below: BBS: DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
DR, A5 Chapter Ref. Troubleshooting
Sign-off: Specifications Technical Specifications A-2 A-2 A-2 A-6 Mechanical A-8 A-9 A-9 A-9 A-10 Interface Specifications A-11 interface A-11 interface A-12 DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-1
DR, A5 Ref. Technical Specifications light light and Printable inch) inches inches Bidirectional with ESC/P spacing: inch or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/6-inch 6KB the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or A-2 Specifications CR (inches second)
sheets: A3/B A3 B4 A4 A5 B5 distributed EPSON Thickness to to inch) to A3/B inches)* A3 A4 A6 distributed EPSON A3/B inches) A3 A4 distributed EPSON DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-3
DR, A5 Ref. sheets: A4 distributed EPSON DL C5 C6 Thickness to to inch) to cards: A6 inches inches distributed EPSON reduce and and other If switch to higher of or distributed EPSON to 25C to 77F) to RH Printouts EPSON Quality should the following to 30C to 86F) Humidity to RH A-4 Specifications
Printable (including A: The top inch). B: The and right inch). C: The inch). B-L A: The top inch). B: The and right C5 inch). The inch). The right inch). C: The C5 inch). The inch). DR, A5 Ref. B-L B-R C B-R C Specifications A-5
DR, A5 Ref. (S020118): Black capacity* (ISO/IEC duty) Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -16C (3.2F) (W) (D) (H) (S020147): Colors Light capacity* (A4, each Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -18C (-0.4F) (W) (D) (H) A-6 Specifications
(S020143): Light capacity* (A4, each Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) (installed): to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -18C (0.4F) (W) (D) (H) (S020122): capacity* (A4, duty) Cartridge years from months 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) -18C (-0.4F) (W) (D) (H) The capacity the head cleaning function. It thaws and hours 25C (77F). DR, A5 Specifications A-7
DR, A5 Ref. EPSON the of EPSON Other products EPSON to covered warranties. the the expired. Mechanical feed Friction path: front and Optional capacity: Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) pounds) without the A-8 Specifications A3 Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) A4 optional Width: inches) Depth: inches) Height: inches)
to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 1.0A 0.5A 32W (ISO/IEC the the back of the the of Operation: to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) (without Operation: to RH to RH The to of these The turned The INIT from the interface. Software Software the ESC the command. DR, A5 Ref. 120V 240V Specifications A-9
DR, A5 Ref. the turned the and the input and cleared. to their However, the the turned within seconds turning off. this the the head, and the path. Software Clears the and to their However, software the or clear the U.S. UL CSA C22.2 EN60950 (VDE and NEMKO) EMC: U.S. FCC CSA C108.8 EN (CISPR EN EN EN IEC801-2 IEC801-3 IEC801-4 Australian AS/NZS A-10 Specifications
Interface Specifications with interface and interface. interface The built-in interface and ECP IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 DR, A5 Ref. Specifications A-11
DR, A5 Ref. ECP IEEE-1284 ECP Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 interface The built-in interface based the RS-423 This interface the following characteristics: Based RS-423 Synchronization: Synchronous 1.8M X-ON/X-OFF DTR Word Parity Stop Connector: Recommended Apple Peripheral-8 M0197) A-12 Specifications
DR, A5 Ref. Sign-off: The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and The that appear when graphics. This when the head MicroWeave bidirectional which the heads both This increases the of or which the of information or brightness The or of The of the memory to of information consisting of character of numbers, and that with the characters CMYK and These to the of ColorSync software that to WYSIWYG (what what This software as them or that when the turned or initialized.
DR, A5 dithering which Dithering with such as charts and of which each or of inch. The the software that instructions to peripheral to what to from and instructions to the to this EPSON PhotoEnhance or PhotoEnhance advanced EPSON. Selecting PhotoEnhance and the and brightness of the with the of the surrounding to the appearance of the and ESC/P This of commands of from It EPSON and computers. ESC/P that of from Commands this features, such as graphics This and clearer. that this increase the of type family of of from to white. to when with only. halftones of or to
halftoning of to to of only or nearly of using only of high which both This This bidirectional ICM This the matching to match the with the displayed the to its of This the or the of which each or precisely interface The the and such as Generally, interfaces, and interface or interface The to which the loaded. second. This to the head which printed, such as and MicroWeave which to reduce the of and to with of which interface interface. These such as that holding while turning the DR, A5 Ref.
DR, A5 Ref. The of which the It than the physical of the to software that commands the of shortened to the of the operation the the ROM of and head should when the and or the The acts as office It the and then them to the assigned It while the If connected to that to the while or they printed. RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as RAM when the off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and then back The of inch to ROM Memory. of memory that only and ROM its when off the RGB Red, and These phosphors irradiated the to the of This as they appear instead of them as halftones. interface
The which the the that This then to the directly or to the software that that software that allows to the such as the amount of Colors that of light and others. CMYK which the head only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional WYSIWYG What-you-see-is-what-you-get. This to that exactly appears DR, A5 Ref.
DR, A5
Sign-off: Index the and Reference the which includes both the and the Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Active path, Reference Advanced Reference Reference Advanced Macintosh, Reference Reference head, Reference Macintosh, Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference only DR, A5 <Reference, Background Reference Reference light Reference Brightness Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference C Interface Capacity, Reference Chooser*, selecting with, Cleaning Reference head, Reference Cleaning sheets, Reference Coated IN-1
DR, A5 <Reference, Macintosh, Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Macintosh, Reference ColorSync*, Reference Computer Reference Connecting the to to PC, products, Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Customer Reference IN-2 Reference Reference Custom Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference the Reference Dithering. Dithering DMA Reference creation Reference ECP interface Reference Edge Reference Reference Reference A-5 specifications, Reference A-4
EPSON Reference Reference PhotoEnhance Reference PhotoEnhance Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference RIP Station Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference feed Macintosh, Reference Quality only DR, A5 <Reference, Dithering Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Head. head Head Cleaning Reference High Reference Reference Copy Reference IN-3
DR, A5 <Reference, ICM Reference cards. cards, Reference Reference replacing, Reference specifications, Reference A-6-8 Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference interface cards, EPSON software, memory, optional interface cards, software, only IN-4 Interface cards, cards, cards, Reference A-11-12 Reference A-12 specifications, Reference A-10-12 Reference Reference Lights, Reference Reference Reference Reference yellow Reference Reference (optional Reference Reference Reference Loading
Reference Chapter Reference Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference type cards. and type type Reference Reference Reference Memory, MicroWeave Macintosh, Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference More Reference Reference only DR, A5 <Reference, Network with software NT Reference Reference Normal-360 Reference Quality and Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference IN-5
DR, A5 <Reference, Reference photo Reference optional. Reference Reference Reference path, Reference Reference Reference specifications, Reference A-2-5 Reference matching with type Reference matching with Reference Reference Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference only IN-6 cards, Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Source Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference capacity type, Reference Reference optional, lower, Reference switching, and Reference interface ECP Reference Reference PhotoEnhance Reference PhotoEnhance Reference Reference Reference Reference
Photo-realistic Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference specifications, B-5 Reference cleaning, Reference Reference EPSON, Reference Reference and Option Information Reference DR, A5 Index <Reference, Macintosh, software Reference and software Information Reference software accessing, Reference Advanced Reference Reference Reference Reference software accessing, Reference Advanced Reference Reference Reference Reference Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference IN-7
DR, A5 Index <Reference, head Reference cleaning, Reference basics Troubleshooting Reference Reference Reference Quality Reference Macintosh, Reference software Reference and software Printout Macintosh, Reference Reference Printout Reference Reference Profile Reference Reference Reference Reference only IN-8 Quality Reference Reference or Macintosh, Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference Reference A-10 instructions, Reference Reference Reference interface, Reference SIMM. memory Reference
Reference cleaning Reference Reference Specifications, Reference A-2-12 Reference A-9 Reference A-9 Reference A-6-8 Reference A-9-10 interface, Reference A-11-12 mechanical, Reference A-8 Reference A-2-5 Reference A-5 Reference Reference A-2 A-10 Reference Reference Reference EPSON Macintosh, Reference (MicroWeave) Reference Text/Graph Reference Reference Text Reference Reference only DR, A5 <Reference, Reference Transporting the Reference Troubleshooting, Reference operation, Reference Reference supply, Reference Reference Reference Uninstalling software Reference Unpacking the Macintosh, Reference creation Reference Reference Reference Reference IN-9
DR, A5 <Reference, Reference Reference Reference IN-10