Introducing the and announced professional the and from to the existing and these with to the The the existing X880 while functionality. of the focused and reducing operating At the expanded the with the Ultrachrome HDR featuring and One that the to allow both the and to the and switching and The including the Additionally, offering optional spectrophotometer as accessory the the of this without those that their professional EPSON Spectraflow, Inc.
The chart below highlights of the the X880 and the X900. MSRP (without HDR Ultrachrome K3 cleaning and Head Cartridge Black Switching The distinctive that announces their from the The and The functional the release and the locked, and released from the Connectivity to the featuring USB as as USB located the back of the to the optional SpectroProofer. One thing that hasnt that the X880 the X900 with though the the X900 The and try It worth that announced of the the the top of the the While the of the X900. the to really this found and to type from the This information to the and to that the and when Navigation certainly and which Compared to the X880 the options territory users. The selection of the the change. HP and the X900 that the selected from the This includes as as options
and the inclusion of animations the such as the or with overhead lights, this welcomed hours thinking why think of this The that to to amount of the and then with the of the the The of and found to and easy to The the of the and back The optional heavy Another the X900 of encoding, that track of and type. It this the of from the The the the the type and of the This when types, required. the the to Its to that the to thick. This that first as to reality The the X900 switched from to sharpening of the previous it allows the to The that through heavy art and art this You to the to and when four the Lastly, the section of the than the head, the from the to to the head and clogs This another to this change. The first the to to the to that actually the X880 the suction when the first to then reduced. On the straightforward and the years. The of the its strength, and while of fixing things that the the really the of Instead, the the of the and with Once secured, the directly the To the track. On the the has,
X900 seconds the The heard and the head the Not head The head the X900 slightly of the the Compared to the this head features higher which as as other internal to crease and the head to clogs. The astoundingly One of the from the to the head that the X900 nearly as as the and beating the It than the Z3200 The allows the to exceptionally high The and of the heads should allow of the high without introducing of these allow think somewhat creating such of and This ity should to that these of Spectroproofer The SpectroProofer accessory from that spectrophotometer to the HP the industry integrating spectrophotometer of their This allowed and creation While to this, they the as accessory and the they At the heart of the SpectroProofer the ILS20 spectrophotometer. light the UV or There or white While the ANSI people and building with white of patches the than the HP The SpectroProof- patches second, The patches than those the HP and therefore both and Unfortunately, these reduced the SpectroProofer the each The to the the and then the each the process. The reading profiling chart to that of the Z3200. The and the chart, however, the X900 of the patch and the X900. The software that the SpectroProofer functionality and the and fact, the SpectroProofer the and charts of the ICC creation and option.
The option to and although the the option of To and about about which to the the HP to the function. that to that and of high users. It worth however, that their promoting their that the internal This to that professional within closely match another. found this to the which the of the Spectroproofer. Chart and The Spectroproofer and organized. the software profiling chart as as allowing charts to select. Once the chart selected and printed, measured and as CGATS What should clearly stated that while the the information to ICC the profiling software to that included The this that people purchasing the SpectroProofer already profiling or RIP with creation with this reasoning. While RIPs the option of building often that easily The SpectroProofer and the The allowing selected chart to measured with printed, the then the SpectroProofer. The measured then to the and the the software and or then below the The Spectroproofer to with RIP this the to linearizations, and with the ICC creation. of the RIP to the Spectroproofer. the the SpectroProofer. It appears well-built and the to its includes to the of as as It that its cheap. At the around the as the creating accessory, which the of the the to with profiling software, something basic. The fact that the of the somewhat The option the really to think the and to hasnt this group. Where the SpectroProofer the high-end know that the when factoring the there other factors that should considered. the about The reason this the to the heads. This the early of where clogs The X900 from numerous to the heads that to reduce, although completely
The X900 incorporates that light to If the head cleaning and then that the clogs This than reading patches to and should further reduce wasted and Switching One of with the that manually to both and The to this switch and easily and lowered and of and Then there the associated with the around the whole users. pleased to that finally with this. The the as with the While the head, both the The switch amount of this reduced to than of and The whole initiated from the or the to that than selected. This and the the art Typically the the the cheaper the and this the with the optional the X900. about cheaper than the Z3200 and that to roughly that there and the allows to loaded. concerned that the completely might the with the light the to the which Below chart MSRP. of MSRP GE GE each)/($49.5 GE) of of HP DESIGNJET Z3200 (GE)
Ultrachrome HDR the there Ultrachrome. Ultrachrome K3 the light light and K3 with reformulation of the and light The X900 showcases the HDR (High This and to the At the the that to and although While the HP Z3200 to clear this increases the amount of considerably. significantly reduced without the of coating. and The to the and this examined below. the other They to reduce the of rather than and They and tints and the X880 and to that as the The that these high and from the this While they the whole story, included this review. The showing the and of the Compared to the X880, the X900 shows the and exactly what would from the and This the and tones. to the Z3200 to meaningful from the three- The X900 and Z3200 areas, and the although the of the than the Z3200. To the the of which then the Z3200 and The both and both and and The featured both photographic imagery and imagery such as and rainbows. of the to the profound that of the tested Thats as rather the of that the reached of maturity. That to imply that there or that to the The the completely invisible the the RGB HP Z3200 White Top HP Z3200 White
of would to that consistently the The the and Z3200 than those the The the while the Z3200 marginally bright the Z3200 that as than the Epsons. Interestingly, Top 260(B/W) 260(B/W) UltraSmooth FA UltraSmooth FA(B/W) the the consistently while the Z3200 to slightly the the that reproduced. and the expanded achievable the X880 as as the While of the HRD the with third that the the photographer the expanded offered the reason enough to from would that should factor choosing and Z3200. Research of leading They the professional and the their These often the the the including of publicly released of the the to the as the below the the which should of the X900 One thing to that often the UV the from the chart below the shorter as protected UV Black and white this of should of the tions. as as
and The found the to those the One that the with Photoshop CS3/CS4. If to Photoshop Colors Photoshop the of The service allows such as the of as as tracking and conflicts. The input when from OS This option the from which to the however, to From the manually initiate head cleaning and option allows users to and with the The where the Black and White the combined with other to tone and white. The Black and White and of to and white There the option of toning the to them or cool EpsonPrinter.com MyEpsonPrinter.com web-based service printers. chance to the of this service and While of the functionality with of to and of distributed organization. Since the service hosted based, there about with with tight security MyEpson- free March It both the and
Summary recently really professional with and think to the of their that they to the art and of the the they to the to the X880 Starting this year to from their first with the GS6000 and with the This from the X880, and while includes to distinctly this They to evolutionary with- completely from scratch. The to both the first the the and the heavy as of the this with to the efficiency, and operating to the incorporated the as The think to the X900 as or high That the and the X900 clearly to with the this the X900 the clear choice high The to the clear as the The fact that the of easy switching and them high photographers and art Coupled with the SpectroProofer the should where and used. about the SpectroProofer specifically. It to that, when coupled with RIP, should That the of the somewhat and software photographers and art really the X900 and of to profound with the to the HP Z3200 with the X900 with Also, while the X900 the HP Z3200 of the as to somewhat What really the X900 that they to and without aspect. Lowered to manually About as as Black and White Quality advanced and white Quality with RIP every RIP while photo options and reduce with, through about everything! head clogs and amounts of when SpectroProofer software and reduces of this there that released. Minor