EPSON PRINTER GUIDE
Printed Copyright America, Inc. rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information only with these EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON, EPSON ESC/P, and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION DX3, PhotoEnhance, SelecType, and EPSON and EPSON service of Inc. EFI, the EFI and the U.S. of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION CPD-10847
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
Introduction The EPSON the wide-format and performance, the EPSON the industry. The breakthrough EPSON photographic with EPSON technologyfor that (DX3 includes and and high-capacity, EPSON Archival achieves the with performance approaching EPSON dye-based With to the EPSON 44-inch and to thick. Both incorporate DC-based which allows bidirectional of the the industry. productivity, high performance EFI X2 RIP purchased. The EPSON RS-5100 of and with Macintosh, Microsoft NT, and UNIX computers. The X2 RIP processing, and The with optional 44-inch that with and flexibility, the EPSON third-party and with EPSON and photographs and other
Introduction To This of which includes the below. The EPSON Assembly and Instructions to and the and and The EPSON Reference summary of the and cleaning the head, and the to easy reference. The Reference the EPSON CD-ROM information about the and software. You the such as or Microsoft or If the RIP Station includes users and The RIP Station Started to the RIP, software and from the Software CD-ROM, and It to the The RIP Station to options and to the RIP from and OS computers. The RIP Station and of the RIP the platforms and It includes UNIX, NT, and NetWare to services to The RIP Station instructions using ColorWise including and It includes instructions, and introduction to theory. Release Notes information and of the encounter.
This This the following information: instructions and sheets, and the Chapter to the to the and Chapter instructions cleaning and the head, and the and cleaning and the troubleshooting and quality, operation, and Chapter the technical and instructions optional Ethernet interface covers the and of EPSON and computers. C covers the and of EPSON and computers. Index included the of the Introduction
Introduction Warning and Notes this information throughout this to to to Notes information about Where To EPSON technical and information the and operation of professional graphics arts products through the EPSON SM Protection A.M. to P.M through and A.M. to P.M. Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection information that with and of purchase.
Service Access World From the reach Professional Graphics EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Technical To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as requested. EPSON technical hours through the services the following You purchase and from EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Introduction
Introduction the off using the this the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off. This that the head capped. Instructions and RIP Station the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the (and RIP Station cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the (or RIP Station the (or RIP Station or or heating to and or shock and the or sunlight. Bright light with the causing and related the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the (and RIP Station They properly they or or cover the the (or RIP Station or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. switches or timers. the (and RIP Station near outlet where the easily fiche the cords become or
If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the as specifically the to service the (or RIP Station yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service the from the the (or RIP Station and servicing to service the following If the or the (or RIP Station the or the the (or RIP Station normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the or the To the the head hand. of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of and the high or from sunlight. the or to them. This to the head. the from its Leaving the reduced Introduction
Introduction the the within months of the the the and the instructions.
Chapter and Other The EPSON and of including and to inches The straight-through allows to heavy including to thick. otherwise noted, the instructions this chapter apply to both the EPSON and Selecting and other EPSON and other the Selecting and Other You of coated, and other The with of (with switching). You purchase optional 3-inch which allows to with 3-inch High-tension both 2-inch and 3-inch recommended such as EPSON Synthetic and The following shows the the sheets to to to to when when Thickness to to to to
and Other the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. of the purchasing or or other to their thickness and instructions. EPSON and Other EPSON which specially the the high-quality The following the the EPSON EPSON type S041220 S041221 S041295 S041226 S041227 S041291 Heavyweight S041228 S041229 S041292 SP91002 SP91001 SP91021 SP91004 SP91003 SP91022 SP91008 SP91007 SP91023 S041237 S041236 Publication Proofing Not of the EPSON and 44-inch 36-inch S041249 S041320 (A3+) S041207, S041205 S041251 S041296 (A3+) S041160 S041247 S041319 (A3+) S041201, S041203 24-inch Sheet
the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. EPSON type S041387 S041386 S041385 Weight S041389 S041388 (A3+) S041327 Smooth S041433 S041432 S041431 S041434 Archival Synthetic S041401 S041400 S041399 Synthetic S041404 S041403 S041402 SP91002 SP91001 SP91021 SP91004 SP91003 SP91022 S041438 S041437 S041436 Textured S041449 S041448 S041447 S041450 Translight Not of the EPSON and and Other 44-inch 36-inch 24-inch S041435 S041451
and Other EPSON Follow these and touching the of the or other with the or choose the or type options the or from the its and cool, to or where they to high humidity, or sunlight. The with or of You with 2-inch to inches With the optional 3-inch that 3-inch Manually switching from to another process. This section covers the following: and from the the the Loading the
Attaching to the Follow these the cover and the the off the of the Position the the as shown: the the fits securely the and Other
and Other To the of the the its including the and boxto the the back the and the of the from the If to the from the follow these the and the and If the first the and the the the the with hand. the off the of the the from the
the the the the to the You of the the and (If using the optional 3-inch of the Follow these to the and the the cover. the the of the the that the white (with the the right. white and Other
and Other the white the right mounting the You the or the of the the mounting the
To the (and from the first the and then the right To the wound when of the included with the wound around the of the the section to the and Other
and Other To feeding through the when If or heavy choose that too thick the Loading Once the attached to the and the ready to the cover and the correctly. Then follow these the turned Then the Source of the lights Choose the to each printed. Choose or other heavy the optional or to of and them together If the the right of or If using the the right and of instructions. You through which the the RIP Station or or C this information. SelecType Source Item
To the the while the or light flashing. touching the of the with the light and light flashing. Then the the the the and Other
and Other the the through the Turn the back to the Then the with the of
To the the while the or light flashing. the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the If and the of the Cut/Eject to the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) Cutting Manually with the using the to the manually finished. If or other heavy should or rather than the built-in instructions. Follow these to manually with the built-in If the correctly, of the buttons to the Normally, to this finished. Press the Source the light Press the Cut/Eject The and Other
and Other Warning To injury, when the and Other with the and other heavy the built-in choose the the If the EPSON the with or knife. If the EPSON follow these to the that with the Press the Cut/Eject to feed the or other of the Press of the buttons to the the track. the the track, then the to the the to to ready You to the (or other to correctly
You the right of or or the right and Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item PAGE LINE=OFF appears the Press the PAGE LINE=ON appears the Press the to the Press the SelecType to the If the RIP Station or the EPSON through the RIP Station or or C this information. Sheet You of and other The from inches to inches. You the when sheets; and with the as If than inches or thick, the following sections instructions. You to follow the this section. and Other
and Other the and Then follow these the cover closed. Press the Source repeatedly the light that the the the the the right of the straight and with the the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the LCD the and seconds.) finished, the the To while the
Sheet than the and Then follow these the cover closed. Press the Source repeatedly the light the light and light flashing. Then the the the the it through the the with the of and Other
and Other To the the while the or light flashing. You cant cleaning when the the PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To while pressing the You heavy to inches (B1), such as EPSON Follow these instructions when or other than thick. the to catch front of the instructions. the straight front of the to the board from Press the Source repeatedly the light the light and light flashing. Then the the
If than inches first the cover. the the the of the board the cover. the right straight and with the of and Other
and Other To the the while the or light flashing. the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the board automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To the and the the the heavy to the Normally, the AUTO allows the to automatically. satisfactory when heavy this to WIDE. Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item PLATEN GAP=AUTO appears the Press the PLATEN GAP=WIDE appears the
the to catch front of the Press the to the Press the SelecType to the The appears the right of the to of the switch to this back to AUTO. the The the cloth sheet that to and catches as they This the from or You the to catch the the or straight front of the Catching Printouts of the Follow these to the front of the the the they the and Other
and Other the front of the the the of the The should the the
the top of the that the feed If necessary, the the front of the and Other
and Other Catching Printouts the Follow these to the the the of the three the the of the and the the top of the that feed backward.
Its to of and numbers. or other to the thickness and On the EPSON the suction The only to to or other the first If the smears or to the and thickness (or suction when EPSON You to four of or other Then the whenever that Drying the or Thickness, Drying and Suction To the and follow these Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item PAPER NUMBER=STD* appears the If first or batch of the to PAPER NUMBER=1 Then the the to the to Press the Item THICK. PAT=PRINT appears the Press to the thickness You PAPER THICK. NO.=1 the Following and Other
and Other the to which of the straightest (shows the and the the the the straightest. Press the or button to the noted Then Press the Item DRYING TIME=0 MIN appears the Press the or to the then with If smears, increase the This the head (or to the the EPSON to the EPSON with Press the Item SUCTION=NORM* appears the If thin the or to the LOW Then Press the or SelecType to the Selecting Once the (and thickness) type of or other whenever that Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item button. You PAPER NUMBER=1. Press the or to the to or the STD Then the button. Press the or SelecType to the the or back to STD
Chapter and the The EPSON include of The displays and and the lights when or If the RIP Station software to the the RIP Station information. the includes of SelecType that to the and operations. This chapter to to the lights and and to the the The following information included: the to the Checking Responding to lights and the to the the to the The includes buttons, lights, and (LCD): C LC LM SelecType Source Item Cleaning
and the Normal appear the and lights or to phases of operation. The following the and lights: Light Explanation or READY light ready to PRINTING light flashing INK DRY light flashing to MIN the of shown. RESET lights PRESS PAUSE light Press the to BUTTON WAIT light or flashing or charging PAUSE light To the and the If to the the button. Press the to If to the the Press the and seconds. This clears the memory. Checking You the to or These allow to the without (and without connecting the to the RIP). You the amount of of and the of and other
The shows the amount of each count, and the of To this information the instead of Follow these to the of the following the instructions (You Press the SelecType the Press repeatedly TEST PRINT MENU the Press the Item STATUS CHECK=PRINT the Press the The The amount of or indicated as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service (or service Press the SelecType to the The of that head clogged. If cleaning to clear the Follow these to the of the following the instructions (You Press the SelecType the Press it repeatedly TEST PRINT MENU the and the
and the Press the Item You NOZZLE CHECK=PRINT the Press the button. The as shown below: should with the If as shown below, to cleaning Press the Cleaning the and least seconds. information, If the EPSON the Head Cleaning B-24 or C-26 instructions. Checking and You information the without Follow these Press the SelecType the Press PRINTER STATUS MENU the Press the Item You VERSION the This the firmware the Item to the amount each of the or service of The as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service than of (or service
Light Explanation COVER OPEN light cover the cover. three INK COMPART. light You the OPEN cartridge(s) and the INK LOW light(s) cartridge(s) nearly cartridge(s) indicated flashing light(s). instructions. INK OUT light(s) cartridge(s) the cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. LOAD PAPER while the light Following of the items displayed. that the the and to authorized EPSON service INK LEFT-K TOTAL PRINTS INK LEFT-C WASTE INK INK LEFT-M CR MOTOR INK LEFT-LC (light PF MOTOR feed INK LEFT-LM (light HEAD UNIT head) INK LEFT-Y (yellow) CLEANER (cleaning CUTTER LIFE Press the SelecType to the Responding to Lights and or or appears the The lights the or flash. The following the alphabetically and includes and instructions correcting the and the the cover when finished the cartridge(s).
and the (continued) Light Explanation LOAD ROLL PAPER LOAD SHEET PAPER MAINTENANCE REQ. MAINTENANCE The authorized EPSON servicer to REQ of the NO INK CARTRIDGE light(s) cartridge(s) as indicated the lights. instructions. OPTION I/F ERROR interface Turn off the and the A-3 instructions. PAPER JAM the the light flashing information. PAPER NOT CUT the manually, then light flashing completely. the from the as PAPER NOT and the the STRAIGHT light flashing straight and with both of PAPER OUT loaded. light PUSH LEVER released DOWN light the or another operation. light options from to the and EPSON as the Introduction. off. the from the or the and the right and the the the and If the appears the the seconds. Then and the the from the
Light Explanation RELOAD PAPER the that light the the right and straight and with both of REMOVE PAPER too thick head the to light cleaning. the Head cleaning cleaning, SERVICE REQ. lights occurred. the and the flashing off and then If the EPSON as the Introduction. SERVICE REQ. lights The EPSON to the flashing replaced. TURN PWR OFF This appears Turn the off and then AND ON clear UNABLE TO PRINT You to while or the cover WRONG light(s) cartridge(s) the cartridge(s). CARTRIDGE too the or the ejected. the the insertion then PAPER NOT CUT cleared. and the seconds the Press the to SelecType If the appears clear the
and the affected the the top and to the to the to testing the and the of the SelecType to and operations. The following the their and where to information: SelecType the or and thickness and and the Head the head Margins The inches or and right) and inches or (top and You the the to to or Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly ROLL MARG=T/B15MM* appears the This the Press the once to to ROLL MARG=3MM appears the Press the to to ROLL MARG=15MM appears the You the or to through three information,
selected the the to Press the SelecType to the Turning The normally and displays to than the or You off the and/or to these features. However, sprayed the that too the Follow these to off Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly PAPER SIZE CHK=ON or PAPER ALIGN CHK=ON appears the Press the PAPER SIZE CHK=OFF or PAPER ALIGN CHK=OFF appears the Press the to Press the SelecType to the Selecting the Interface The includes both and interface. You optional interface or connectivity. the switches to whichever interface You the to interface to the Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly INTERFACE=AUTO* appears the This the and the
and the If using ECP switch back to USB Press the once to the interface. INTERFACE=PARALLEL appears the the to the MAC or OPTION (optional) interface. You the or to through four selected the the to Press the SelecType to the Configuring the Interface You the to the interface to ECP To this directly to the interface (without RIP), and the ECP information. Follow these to the interface: Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly PARA. I/F=COMPAT* appears the This that (the selected. Press the PARA. I/F=ECP appears the This the interface to ECP Press the to Press the SelecType to the
the The the PC437 (U.S. and character You the to to the PC850 character necessary. Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly CODE PAGE=PC437* appears the Press the CODE PAGE=PC850 appears the Press the to Press the SelecType to the Restoring You SelecType and them to their Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly INIT. PANEL=EXEC appears the Press the to and the Press the SelecType to the and the
and the The includes MW7=A authorized EPSON servicer only. the displayed English. to to of the following Spanish the turned off, then follow these to the Press and the while the to the HEX DUMP=PRINT appears the Press the Item LANGUAGE=ENGLISH* displayed. Press the or the displayed. Press the to the Press the to the off and
and the The EPSON to their This chapter the following cleaning the head the Cleaning the Transporting the the The of that head If cleaning to clear the Follow these to the of the following the instructions (You the Press the SelecType the TEST PRINT MENU the Press the Item You NOZZLE CHECK=PRINT the
and Transporting the The the the of the You to authorized EPSON servicer when this The and when the to replaced. To the off the cleaning finished and the light flashing. Press the button. The as shown below. If the the with the the head cleaning: If from the as shown below, to cleaning the following section instructions. Cleaning If unexpectedly light or or from the to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should first to that the head cleaning; the amount of If the EPSON and the Head Cleaning B-24 (Macintosh) or C-26 instructions. Follow these to the cleaning from the of the lights or flashing. (If to the indicated cleaning Press the Cleaning and least seconds. The light flashes as the cleans its head. The cleaning about three and the light off, or to that the head clean.
You to the cleaning to effective cleaning, or If the the appear cleaning EPSON the Head If appears or straight, to the head. You the Head the EPSON and installed. B-25 or C-27 instructions. If the the Both the head and head phases: of or Then which of (EPSON or or (EPSON the You the information the to the head the the EPSON 19-inch EPSON coated first). sheets to the which includes of each and about the EPSON EPSON of or boxes printed, which about The repeated the of the Follow these to the head using the the Press the SelecType HEAD ALIGNMENT MENU displayed. Press the Item PAPER THICK=STD appears the and Transporting the
and Transporting the If EPSON this STD If other the thickness of the the or Press the to the ADJUST. PATT.= ALL appears the Press the to the of If to the or the appears. Then the the EPSON to the section, Completing the Procedure. the EPSON through the first of this printed, PAPER OUT appears the and the PAPER OUT light the and the though the light flashing, to the another of The three printed. and printed. the and the Then the and the the section.
Completing the Procedure the printed, with these of the following: the EPSON and which the the first below, the the the the EPSON and the
and the If (EPSON or (EPSON shows the the the head Press to head the EPSON and which or the the below, the EPSON the the or to the or Then the to the and each If cant choice as the of the choose the or then the Press to through the reach the to the the button to head and to operation.
EPSON and them. to attributable to the of other covered warranty. the the ready to Cartridges of the lights flashing (and INK LOW displayed the the of the light and INK OUT displayed, the empty. You the the following EPSON EPSON graphic arts (dye-based) Black T407011 Light T412011 T410011 Light T411011 T409011 T408011 EPSON Black T474011 Light T479011 T477011 Light T478011 T476011 T475011 the Then follow these to the of the light that or flashing. This the that to the cover and the that replacing. and Transporting the light light
and Transporting the You the when The clarity only. the and bounce back to the cover. INK COMPART. OPEN appears the the containing the to the light). the
Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If cant the smoothly, the the and the straight of the the the and from its If the the with the arrow and to the of the Then the the Dont force the and Transporting the
and Transporting the If the light the correctly. the and then as the back. the light off. the cover the clicks
Warning to while the and Transporting the the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy or to You the of the or the the or instructions. To C815131), To the first to the as the following section. the Used the then follow these to the Press the SelecType repeatedly CUTTER REPLACE MENU appears the Press the Item CUT. REPLACE=EXEC. appears the SelecType Source Item
and the To the hand. Press the The to the where the arrow appears the below: the and OPEN LOWER COVER appears the the cover. location
to the or the of the and the REPLACE CUTTER appears the the the while turning the cover to the right. casing off the The the from the
and the the New the ready to the Follow these the from its the the If necessary, the the the the shown below. the while turning the cover to the to the CLOSE LOWER COVER appears the the cover. The to the right) and READY appears the
to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the or servicer and the Cleaning the To its should thoroughly the off and the lights the off. Then the cord. the and the from the the closed. Then to or the cover. the cover and to or the cover. Then the cover. the Then or around the assembly If the outer dirty, with cloth with the closed to from If the the cover with off with cloth. To the the then with and
and Transporting the If reason the service technician from the shipped. Transporting the to should the and Follow these to the First off the and the head the right) If the back the head to the then off the the following Interface or other Optional the them resealable the the upright (closed). the cover to the and the This the
and the the the each of the the and right cover plates the and outward. the cover plates
and Transporting the Warning The approximately four people the as shown. While holding the the screws from the and right the screws four people the off of the assembly, the the back of the first, slightly to the front, then back to the while the Transporting It the to the first the the Assembly and Instructions and the following Dont to the The cant while they closed. Dont to protective (such as from the
the or and Transporting the The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning and the head to If the the the turned off when them. the to the of and the lights to when empty. the the to the such as within the building or facility, the its casters. Follow these that the cord, interface and and the cover and cover closed. Release the front and the the to its location. the casters and the The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning and the head to quality.
and Transporting the the Approximately every years (or authorized EPSON servicer the This to to the head and and this service covered the of the warranty. You the of the through the or through the the The the following the when the MAINTENANCE REQ. You should to service this the capacity, the and the following SERVICE REQ.
Chapter The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then try the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: The EPSON include of to To the the and lights the information. If the RIP Station the RIP and the or the RIP Station information. (The RIP Station includes troubleshooting If the EPSON and (Macintosh) or software or C information. To whether the caused the the from the RIP and instructions. You the to Then the to technical or yourself. the following section instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To the Introduction.
You the to know to the to technical the and turned off. Then follow these Press and the while the to the HEX DUMP=PRINT appears the Press the to the The the with the and ASCII characters the right If the than bytes, to the to finished the to the off and Quality You the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, the RIP Station the RIP) or or C the EPSON If of these the the following
head clogged. and cleaning or Colors incorrect or options incorrectly the or the the The head of the head, as Choose to the High Turn off the High or Bi-directional) options incorrectly the or the the the If the of the or other too the lights and necessary, as The head of the head, as the High Turn off the High or the If correctly of the or other attached to the instructions. If the head clogged. and cleaning The or options incorrect. correct.
or too the each appears If the too as appears options incorrectly the or or smeared. the the options incorrectly the or the the head clogged. and cleaning supply the lights and necessary, as The the to thinner too thick. instructions. The too the to the from WIDE to AUTO instructions. the the or too the If correctly of the or other attached to the instructions. If the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. using the High Turn off the High or options. The the to thicker too thin. instructions. The too the to the from AUTO to WIDE instructions. the to and thickness and instructions. If the RIP, seconds.
The unexpectedly. The sounds nothing If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: The turned and the light The securely thats switch or If the RIP Station the interface securely connected to the and RIP and the RIP turned the RIP Station troubleshooting If of these the below: If the light flashing, the or to occurred. the and lights the Follow the instructions the The closed. the as shown below: the and lights the the light flashing.
(continued) Nothing The Turn off the and RIP or correctly. the interface securely PPD and/or software correctly. The match the The enough memory (Macintosh). the interface the specifications. or C or the RIP Station Started If RIP, the interface directly connected to the without through switching or If using NT the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the software correctly and the RIP selected. Click to and Right-click EPSON or then Click the selected the the following Then the to which connected the to the following To increase the memory Macintosh, from the Apple and the Memory You increase the of memory to increase memory. Also,
incorrect or PPD and/or characters. software correctly or selected. incorrect or the correctly they within the inverted. The or Turn off the RS selected options. or B-15 or C-18 this instructions. If what expected, the below: You Clear from or the or The correctly. Turn off the and RIP or the interface securely both correctly the options the incorrectly. correctly with the of the Chapter instructions. The ROLL MARG the incorrect. software correctly and the RIP or selected. If using NT the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the If using the ROLL MARG the information.
(continued) printed. PPD and/or software correctly or selected. The head of the head as appears to The of The the the or the smeared. other PPD and/or only. software correctly or selected. The to correctly the options the You selected Source or using Option correct. options incorrectly the the or EPSON the the The incorrect. the to the from AUTO to WIDE. instructions. Black selected selected. The its Press the the If using the RIP, Then and the to the software correctly and the RIP or selected. the to and thickness. instructions. software correctly and the RIP or selected.
(continued) too The or Choose options too high. enough Clear or using background If the EPSON Macintosh. EPSON and increase its memory ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA If or frequently, or of the following the with the of the turn the back to the information. If of thats the with the information. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and specifications. the Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to Turn off background If ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA them to and C-30 information.
If too tightly and of the the three the as shown below: the only and feed properly. the the isnt located brightly The to correctly. the or the the the or information. If EPSON and thickness. information.
If the front of the the they the front of the If the below the the that they the back of the
Clearing the and PAPER JAM the Follow these to clear If the the the to release the the cover necessary.
If of the that with the information. If the head the head the TURN PWR OFF AND ON the the cover, necessary, then the to the off. Press to it back the light and LOAD PAPER the Then If to the head the right) as shown below. If the the head to the then off the
Chapter Specifications Color: each light light Printable Character characters inch, graphics inches 44-inch B1 coverage head sheets and covered warranty) B1 (EPSON to thick) Bidirectional or ESC/P inch or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/6-inch RAM 18MB Character EPSON characters inch
Specifications B0 to to B0 A0 A0 US B1 to to US A1 B2 A2 A3/B US C B3 US A3 specifications to to to to the and thicknesses of to to to reduce and or other If switch to higher of curled, or inches Thickness Thickness
Printable and sheets: top and inches You to inches or inches using the instructions. to to to C) to C) month F) (without Mechanical inches inches inches without Friction or with insertion to RH to RH to RH Specifications Transit to to C) hours F)
Specifications to to Rated to to to to Rated (ISO 30W or This IT with phase to phase 220240V. the the back of the information. The to its The input and cleared. The to the Software when the ESC@ the command received: The cleared. The to the the the seconds or The head capped. the ejected. The input and cleared. The to the UL CSA EMC FCC B, CSA C108.8
Cartridges graphic arts duty) duty) duty) duty) Cartridge graphic arts years from years from within months F C) to F to C) month F to F to C) month F to F to C) month F, hours F F C); thaws and least hours F C) Approximately to to Capacity often head cleaning and the of the reduced of Specifications
Specifications Interface IEEE-1284 Synchronization STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 ECP IEEE-1284 ECP Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284
Interface (RS-423 Based RS-423 Synchronization Synchronous Approx. 1.8M X-ON/X-OFF and DTR Word Parity Stop Connector II Recommended (preferably brand) Specifications
Specifications
A: Interface Card Warning To shock and the interface when the turned or connected to If the RS or another RIP, to the using the built-in interface. connectivity without RIP, of the following cards: C823632A EPSON FireWire Interface Card IEEE C823722 the the that with information. Then follow these the turned off and the
A-2 Interface Card Phillips-head screwdriver to the screws the shield to the back of the Then off the to the screws them the shield or DIP switches the the On the DIP switch to ON the interface the both of the to the the internal A-2
the interface the with the screws included with the the turned off the Then the cord. To the the while holding the the about seconds. the to the and to or To interface off the the cord, and follow the the network and operating the instructions. the software, as B-3 or C-2 Interface Card A-3 A-3
A-4 Interface Card A-4
B: EPSON and using the RS-5100 RIP, to the EPSON and and troubleshooting. EPSON and with that the without RIP. allow to background track the of and head ICC ColorSync included, advanced of or the The CD-ROM includes Reference to and EPSON software. You the browser, such as or Microsoft or This chapter includes the following information: Connecting the software options Checking head Connecting the You directly the built-in interface, or the interface with (such as the EPSON USB C-USB-PK4). the section below instructions connecting to the or interfaces. If the EPSON to Macintosh, the to allow B-6 instructions. If the optional EPSON interface or through these interfaces. instructions.
B-2 EPSON and only II to the to through the interface. Connecting to the Interface To to the built-in such as the EPSON USB (C-USB-PK4). the interface to (the as the securely the interface. Then the together they both the other of the USB You the software the B-4 instructions. Connecting to the Interface Follow these to the built-in interface: II (preferably brand). both and turned off. B-2
If built-in the interface to the EPSON and B-3 of the interface to the the back of the the other of the interface to the or the Turn the the Turn Macintosh. the section instructions the software. You the software using Software You to the and that to the EPSON or each the Then follow the the software. to the EPSON B-3
B-4 EPSON and Checking the the below. The memory 57-inch the complexity, and of Recommended G3 or higher OS recommended USB 14MB (foreground 128MB memory 23MB (background 12MB free the 2GB recommended software CD-ROM CD-ROM Quad-speed or the Software off protection software instructions. Then follow these to software: software CD-ROM. the and the Then follow the instructions the the Follow the the section to the interface or B-4
If appear when the this the other or the Inactive then the If using Ethernet to the or and the Active EPSON and B-5 Selecting the Chooser the software, to the Chooser to Follow these the connected to and turned the Chooser. If using the or and the If the 9000(AT) or 9500(AT) and the to of the connected to the selected appears the right. Click the assigned to then OK B-5
B-6 EPSON and Click of the buttons to background or off. the Chooser. If to the EPSON first to as shared the to which connected. Then, specify the to the from each that and the software those Follow these to connected directly to with other Turn the the Chooser and the Then the to which the connected. B-6
EPSON and B-7 Click the You the following this then type the and information as Click OK The of the appears the the Chooser. the Chooser. On each from which to the the Chooser, the and the You only from the connected to If the the then OK. Select the Background option, then the Chooser. B-7
B-8 EPSON and the to the If information about the ready to from to choose options and The EPSON offer that and when using EPSON You choose advanced and This section covers the following: Choosing options Choosing options Choosing options Choosing of the options to features that through the Software options and Follow these to choose options: Choose from the You the EPSON EPSON B-8 Click listed.
If using and choose thats than the the selected. These through the EPSON and B-9 From the using or the of inches, If Then the of inch (or centimeters). Select the type of the from the Source If than inches (EPSON only). You this to of without them. the following than the of the turned and crosswise. Choose this option the to each printed. Prints the right and of feeding the of the of Applicable (EPSON only. the or and Printable OK B-9
B-10 EPSON and Choosing Once selected options, to B-14 instructions Follow these to Choose from the of the following appears: EPSON EPSON Choose the of and which to Select the as the B-12 or B-13. Select or Black B-10 This shows the cant them from These appear only Photoshop B-11 information.
You and them to this B-16 information. EPSON and B-11 the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) the EPSON PhotoEnhance to choose from of low-resolution photographs: People, Soft and You Correction to and other to the EPSON these options from the Custom or the Advanced Click Custom and then choose of the from the as below. Custom Advanced the of that of the of the head and when choose photo or types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with non-photographic ColorSync based ICC using the If Photoshop or and RGB RGB the using ColorSync. (otherwise, this CMYK the and choose the Advanced B-16 information. B-11
B-12 EPSON and the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. Choose from the following buttons to features: Click to the and B-24 information. Click to reduce to the Click to background This the B-18 information. Click and then the to Click to (EPSON only). finished choosing Print. Selecting the Correct The following the to with EPSON EPSON Product Product S041220, S041221, S041295 Quality Heavyweight S041226, S041227, S041291 S041228, S041229, Heavyweight S041292 SP91002, Quality SP91001, SP91021 SP91004, Quality SP91003, SP91022 Backlight SP91008, Quality SP91007, SP91023 S041236, S041237 Quality Not of the EPSON and B-12
the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. If the or other the the instructions included with the If choose the You to to which the EPSON and B-13 EPSON type Product S041385, S041386, S041387, S041389, S041388 S041327 Smooth S041431, S041432, S041433, S041434, S041435 Synthetic S041399, S041400, Synthetic S041401, Synthetic S041402, S041403, Synthetic S041404, SP91002, SP91001, SP91021 SP91022, SP91003, SP91004 S041436, S041437, Synthetic S041438 Textured S041449, S041448, S041447, S041451, S041450 Translight Not of the EPSON and B-13
B-14 EPSON and Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with Follow through B-10. Click Custom and then Advanced You the following: EPSON EPSON Choose the to the B-12 or B-13. Then choose or Black B-14 Each of these three options the of the
EPSON and B-15 Choose of the following Quality Normal The the Choose or Choose of the following: MicroWeave The MicroWeave and MicroWeave effects. These selected High fast, bidirectional If when the High to it off or the head. of with Choose of the following This brightness, and CMY or choose from the shown the B-16. the EPSON choose from three which the and EPSON backlight choose and PhotoEnhance4 (PhotoEnhance3) choose this that reflects the choose. B-17 of the B-15
B-16 EPSON and ColorSync This the created specifically Dont other Then choose from three to B-17 information. This the Choose this to the the EPSON Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced options, OK The following the when choose PhotoEnhance, or ColorSync. the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as EPSON Increases Matches with B-16
EPSON and B-17 PhotoEnhance choose from Normal high and old-fashioned and the EPSON choose from (and the intensity): Sharpness Soft and (EPSON only). Corrects and other to Correction ColorSync photographic the relationship as them to within charts and business graphics. the of from to another. with known such as and that within the of both and with that and or them. to background to while printed. that background and This section includes instructions the following: background B-17
B-18 EPSON and Background You background from the Chooser, as B-6, or the background the Follow these to background Choose from the Click the background You the following Not background turned off To background the On To the of to of the following: to Normal Normal to the the to the the and the to the right to the the ready to release it using the following section Click OK to and to the Click to If selected or spooled, the the specified or released using as the following section. B-18
The the EPSON slightly EPSON and B-19 The and as as their the the right of the and EPSON You the following: to Click to or The the To or the then of the following buttons: Click to Click to Click to You the following: Double-click the to Double-click to the of to Click to (EPSON only) Click to the head cleaning (EPSON only). B-24 information about the cleaning B-19
B-20 EPSON and If and the the EPSON from the to release the and If to the of or to the arrow the of the The Priority becomes active. Click the whose to Then the Priority and of the following Normal the the the Normal the the the ready to release clicking the the and to the then OK B-20 Priority selected the highlighted
EPSON and B-21 If to follow these Press the to off the of the following, whether using background and the to the If background turned off, the If background turned EPSON from the and Stop (EPSON only). the button, then the to the Checking The the of and and other features of operation. Follow these to Click the the or You the Click to the Click the EPSON B-21
B-22 EPSON and The software the amount of the and displays the To the the To the OK Selecting You the the to and and the Follow these Click the the or You the Click the B-22 Click to
Warning allowing to serious and to EPSON and B-23 You the Select to of and Select where stored. Click to and/or the Select from the following options: choose whether to and text or text Warning choose whether and text or text only. Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. to the head Normally, graphics this option, the its and then to the as whole (recommended the EPSON only). The checkboxes choose to software or finishing OK to to the Click to to the B-23
B-24 EPSON and Head The included with software the following from head cleaning head and Head Cleaning The of that head clogged. If from the head cleaning to clear the Follow these Click the the or You the Click to Click to head cleaning Click the the to Follow the instructions the to the process. information, Chapter B-24
EPSON and B-25 the Head If appears or straight, to the head. You the to the head (as Chapter Both procedures the head and the EPSON 19-inch EPSON first). to the which includes of each and about the EPSON EPSON of or boxes printed, which about The repeated the of the Follow these the Click the the or Click the Head Follow the The the head If each and another the printed, of the following: the EPSON choose the that the each the first below, the the second, the B-25
B-26 EPSON and This the EPSON If the choices instead of the EPSON choose the or that the the below, the each Select the chose each then If cant choice the as the width of the choose the or Then the and from B-26
C: EPSON and EPSON and with that the without RIP. allow to the of and head ICC included, advanced features of or the The CD-ROM includes Reference to the EPSON and software. You the browser, such as or Microsoft or This chapter includes the following information: Connecting the software options Checking Connecting the You using the built-in interface. You (such as the EPSON USB C-USB-PK4) to to USB If the EPSON to the to allow C-5 or C-8 NT instructions. If the optional EPSON interface or through these interfaces. instructions.
C-2 EPSON and To to USB such as the EPSON USB (C-USB-PK4). the interface to (the as both and off. Then follow these to the built-in interface: the securely the interface. Then the together they both the other of the the (or USB) the section instructions the software. You the software using Software the and to the Then follow the the software. to Instructions both and NT This section covers: Checking the software C-2
EPSON and C-3 the the below. The memory 57-inch the complexity, and of Recommended and NT OS or NT (service or 16MB RAM or NT 128MB RAM or memory 64MB RAM 20MB and 40MB free NT and to the VGA VGA or CD-ROM CD-ROM or the Software protection turned off Then follow these to software: the connected and turned off, then turn software CD-ROM. C-3 II or higher
C-4 EPSON and If the New or other appears, and follow the If the Not appears The automatically: If Then CD-ROM Double-click or choose the right Then follow the instructions the If or NT, with If using or follow the on-screen instructions to The automatically. If using USB interface, the USB automatically. If correctly. information, Chapter this or Troubleshooting the Reference software CD-ROM. the OK and necessary. C-4
EPSON and C-5 and to the as the to which connected. Then, specify the to the from each that and the as shared Follow these to that connected directly to with other Click to then Double-click Network Click the and You the following: Select to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK. the Network OK If the or CD-ROM, the CD-ROM (or to the location of CAB and follow the the Then the and from the C-5
C-6 EPSON and Select and choose from the You the following: Select Shared and other information then OK. Accessing the through To the from another follow these On the from which to the to and Double-click the You the C-6
EPSON and C-7 Click Next You the following: Click Network then Next. Click You the following: Double-click the of the that directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the the C-7
C-8 EPSON and NT and These instructions apply to only. If and would to network to the as shared the to which connected. Then, the to the from each that and the software those computers. as Follow these to that connected directly to with others Click to and Select then the You the following: Click Shared and the choose from the Then OK. C-8
EPSON and C-9 Accessing the through To the from another follow these the the from the software CD-ROM. the from the right-click then Click the to the following Click You the C-9
C-10 EPSON and Select then New You the the text type the following information: of that connected to the of the shared Then OK. Click to to the the and the selected. Then OK ready to from to choose options and The EPSON offers that and when using EPSON You choose advanced and options. This section covers the following: Choosing basic options Choosing options Choosing advanced options C-10
EPSON EPSON and C-11 Choosing to C-16 instructions Follow these to basic Choose from the of You the EPSON or selected, and then the (If or instead. Then the the following appears: This shows the cant them from the as the C-13 or C-14. Select or Black EPSON C-11
C-12 EPSON and You and them to this C-19 information. the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) the EPSON PhotoEnhance to choose from of low-resolution photographs: People, Soft and You Correction to and other to the EPSON these options from the Custom the Advanced Click Custom and then choose of the from the as below. Custom Text/Graph and the and highlights. with non-photographic ICM based ICC using the (effective only). If to match using the matching with other or the finished choosing the and follow the instructions C-15 choosing and options C-12
the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. EPSON and C-13 Selecting the Correct The following the to the EPSON EPSON Product Product S041220, S041221, S041295 Quality Heavyweight S041226, S041227, S041291 S041228, S041229, Heavyweight S041292 SP91002, Quality SP91001, SP91021 SP91004, Quality SP91003, SP91022 SP91008, Quality SP91007, SP91023 S041236, S041237 Quality Not of the EPSON and EPSON Quality and Quality the C-13
C-14 EPSON and the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that location. If the or other using the the instructions included with the If using choose the You to to which the EPSON type Product Doubleweight S041385, S041386, S041387, S041389, S041388 S041327 Smooth S041431, S041432, S041433, S041434, S041435 Backlight Archival Synthetic S041399, S041400, S041401, Synthetic Synthetic S041402, S041403, S041404, Synthetic SP91002, SP91001, SP91021 SP91022, SP91003, SP91004 S041436, S041437, S041438 Synthetic Textured S041449, S041448, S041447, S041451, S041450 Translight Not of the EPSON and C-14
the to the EPSON If and choose thats than the the selected. EPSON and C-15 Choosing and of the options to that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and options: From the the You the Select the type of the from the Source From the using or the of inches, If listed, Then the of inch (or EPSON C-15
C-16 EPSON and the following than the of the The turned and crosswise. Choose this option the to each printed. Prints the right and of feeding the of the of Applicable (EPSON only. the and Printable If to reduce or the (EPSON only). Choose the then OK Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through C-11. Click Custom and then Advanced C-16
EPSON and C-17 You the following: EPSON EPSON Choose the to the C-13 or C-14. Then choose or Black C-17 choose PhotoEnhance, of options the of the
C-18 EPSON and Choose of the following Quality Normal The the Choose or quality. Choose of the following: MicroWeave The MicroWeave and MicroWeave effects. These selected High fast, bidirectional quality. If when the High to turn off or the head. of with backlight Choose of the following This brightness, and CMY or choose from the four as shown the C-19. the EPSON choose from three which the and EPSON backlight choose and PhotoEnhance4 (PhotoEnhance3) and the and brightness. Corrects or of the choose this that reflects the choose. C-20 of the C-18
EPSON and C-19 This the Choose this to the the EPSON ICM based ICC the Matching (effective only). If to match the matching with other or the Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced OK The following the when choose or PhotoEnhance. the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with C-19
C-20 EPSON and EPSON PhotoEnhance4 choose from Normal Tone high or old-fashioned and the EPSON Effect choose from (and the intensity): Sharpness, Soft and (EPSON only). Corrects and other to Correction with that and or them. The each The with NT) appears the when which appears the the as as the the appears Stop the EPSON C-20
EPSON and C-21 You the buttons to or You and (EPSON If the to appear, off. C-29 instructions. the The with NT) displays the of and them. To while the EPSON or that appears the the of the You the To or the to highlight then the the of the Checking The of when and allows to the monitored. with the EPSON with the EPSON C-21 Command
C-22 EPSON and You the from the the You right-click the the to front of other or off background The through the (EPSON The appears the the right of To the the The appears: To and EPSON (You the or choose from the The You the from the Click the to To right-click EPSON and You the or choose from the The To right-click EPSON and (You choose Preferences from the The Preferences You when or other C-24 information about C-22
EPSON and C-23 (EPSON You from the or from of the following: Click to then Right-click the EPSON and From the Click the You the Click to C-23
C-24 EPSON and Click the EPSON The following appears. (It when Preferences You to while This know of of or other Follow these to Click to and appears the Right-click the then Click the then the You the C-29 information about the C-24 appear If or to instructions.
the Shortcut right-click the to the Preferences EPSON and C-25 Click the Preferences You the Preferences the options to If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut, the to the Allow of shared and to other users Click OK to C-25
C-26 EPSON and You the from this The included with software the following head cleaning head and and Head Cleaning The of that head clogged. If from the head cleaning to clear the Follow these Click to then Right-click the EPSON or and the Click the You the Click to Click to head cleaning C-26
EPSON and C-27 Click the the to Follow the instructions the to the process. information, the Head If appears or straight, to the head. You the to the head (as Chapter Both procedures the head and the EPSON 19-inch EPSON coated first). to the which includes of each and about the EPSON EPSON of or printed, which about The repeated the of the Follow these of the Click to then Right-click the and the Click the Click the Head Follow the The the head If each and another C-27
C-28 EPSON and the printed, of the following: the EPSON choose the that the each the first below, the the second, the the EPSON choose the or that the the below, the each C-28
This the EPSON If the choices instead of EPSON and C-29 Select the chose each then If cant choice the as the of the choose the or Then the Realignment and from the and With this the software the and the To the software from the as below. Click to then Right-click the EPSON or and and or NT) from the Click the You the C-29
C-30 EPSON and Click the You the following Select from the following options: High of of the as cache. If high whether or the displayed when EPSON and only) the of EPSON instead of the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that already DMA higher DMA that DMA EPSON Reference instructions using DMA them. information, or technical If DMA Click OK to the and to the Then OK to the utility. Not with NT If than You this C-30
mounting cover cover
interface optional interface shield interface AC