PRINTER GUIDE
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with these of this information as to other and Weave and of Corporation. UltraSmooth PhotoEnhance and UltraChrome K3 and service of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Inc. CPD-24245
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
Introduction This information and using selecting and It to to its and troubleshooting information, the following: The to the software USB and to follow these instructions to correctly. If the to to this software instructions. The Reference summary of and and other checking and the head, and to easy reference. The on-screen Network the CD-ROM to and the The on-screen the CD-ROM information about the and software. You the such as TM or FireFox or or or Microsoft or Notes, and These this WARNINGS to to to Notes information about hints to the of
Introduction the and options that currently and offers these optional and Optional and software Option C4800STAND TUMI C4800TUMI (Normal Tension) or 3-inch C12C811171 (High Tension) or 3-inch C12C811191 One-year Warranty EPP48B1 Two-year Warranty EPP48B2 these user-replaceable items: and user-replaceable C12C890191 C12C815291 Cartridges the the built-in You purchase and from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Where To technical and information the and of professional products through the Warranty AM to PM through and hours of to without SM
If with the toll-free or Unit ID improperly shielded than the to malfunction. USB to allow the to Unit ID which included with the Warranty information that with technical hours through the World You reach At this firmware, and other troubleshooting information, and technical through You purchase and from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To or should include the below: OS or higher, or or higher G5, or higher At least 1GB of RAM (2GB or recommended) At least 30GB of software and or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to network Ethernet-equipped and Introduction
Introduction To stand-alone or should include the below: IBM PC with or higher Microsoft XP, XP Professional Edition, or At least 1GB of RAM (2GB or recommended) At least 30GB of software and or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet Ethernet-equipped PC and
Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. The about (without or and should the enough around as shown below. You the of heavy or the that than this This properly or to and humidity. this from sunlight, light, heat or to and this from areas. from of interference, such as or the of telephones. this where the easily If least the type of indicated the Introduction
Introduction the off the this POWER OFF appears the LCD the or off the to the the off. This that the head capped. the to properly grounded the as or that switches and off. outlets switches or timers. the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. or cord. If with this the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the or cover the the this or the the head instructed to service technician; otherwise the through the to this to service the yourself. the from the the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. the the head the right (home)
too force when that California customers only: The lithium this apply, www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the cool, If off with and If them immediately with them the the the within months of the or to them. This the head. from allow to least four hours using If the supply from and and it the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to from items that the touches. the supply its surrounding or the IC the of the Doing and Introduction
Introduction Rear feed Top cover cover cover feed
USB interface Network interface Introduction Rear cover release AC Rear cover
Introduction
the On Network If the USB interface, follow the to the and the software. This chapter includes the following information: Connecting to the network the software firmware Connecting to the Network the the To to switch or RJ-45 straight-through To directly to interface, RJ-45 Turn off the of the to the Then the other to switch or or Ethernet Turn the Once the connected to to the Network Interface instructions.
the On Network You the network using the that with software. If know which to the IP the Network Interface that the turned and the LCD displays READY. Press the the to the Press to highlight NETWORK SETUP then Press then to highlight ENABLE Press appears to ENABLE to that selected. then to highlight GET IPADDRESS Press Press and then to choose of the following IP AUTO Select this DHCP to IP automatically. PANEL Select this would to the IP manually. Press appears to the selected. Press to back. Then of the following: If selected AUTO as the IP ADDRESS SETTING, the to the Then with If selected PANEL as the IP ADDRESS SETTING, with Press to highlight IP then The LCD displays the IP Press or to each then to the the of the then The LCD displays SM Press to the
You of and the Press or to each then to the the of the then The LCD displays GW Press to the Press or to each then to the the of the then the to the Turn the off then back that the displays READY and that least three of the Then the to the Press to highlight TEST PRINT then Press to highlight NETWORK then Press to the and that the IP correct. Then the Software below, or the Software the Software Follow the below to the software Turn and the software CD-ROM. If necessary, the CD-ROM to its Double-click the the On Network
the On Network If that the of the the To the to the trash.Then software. Click Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional finished, the software CD-ROM. Then, follow the instructions below. the the Applications then the and the If this, then to
If to the the field this Click the the top of the You the Browser: If the More and such as EPSON TCP/IP Select then while the and the becomes Then the button. appears the the to to firmware, necessary. the On Network
the On Network With the the Account If to or or this software the Software to the then the software. instructions the the Network the CD or Turn and the software CD-ROM The automatically. If or Then CD-ROM the and Click
to Select the created the then OK Follow the instructions to the software. the then the CD-ROM. to the section to the firmware, necessary. should of firmware the and necessary. Downloading the to Choose Click Downloads to the firmware. Choose the or and follow the instructions the then with the instructions to the firmware. the On Network
the On Network Although the this section the the Macintosh. information the LFP Remote to the If the LFP when EPSON LFP Remote the software CD included this You the LFP Remote from the Double-click the firmware to Double-click the EPSON LFP You the LFP Remote If the of the following to the LFP Remote OS EPSON Utility2 Applications Select click OK then EPSON LFP Remote the Click and and Sound Right-click and Preferences Click the then EPSON LFP Remote the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the then EPSON LFP the
Dont off the while the firmware or EPSON selected, then the You the its LCD to READY and connected to then choose or EPSON the Click and the firmware that downloaded and extracted. Select the and Choose If the firmware of the to the firmware process. (If the to the the LFP Remote and the To the installation, to cut-sheet and the head, as the On Network
the On Network
Chapter and Other You purchase and other or options from the or Professional authorized The of including and to inches You heavy such as to thick, the straight-through path. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting Loading manually the Selecting You of coated, and other optional high-tension such as UltraSmooth and Textured The to the tightly wound. the (www.proimaging.epson.com) or Professional authorized The following shows the Supported sheets to to to Thickness to to to to of the purchasing or or other to and instructions.
and Other Follow these as as those included when and other touching the with the or choose the software OS X) or instructions. the or both the software and the OS X) or instructions selecting the software. its and cool, to quality. where they exposed to high humidity, or sunlight. You of sheet and other The from inches to inches. Follow these sheet You the when sheets; from the and sheet its If to to the first the and then to the that If using art or other thick to manually, as
Sheet Paths to the feeding of the as below: Quality Proofing White Enhanced White Non-Epson with thicknesses from to Rear and Other
and Other Quality White Enhanced White UltraSmooth Proofing Non-Epson with thicknesses from to Non-Epson with thicknesses from to
Loading the You to of the The following and of type (inches) Quality White Enhanced White You the from to to and the from to and Other Loading capacity
and Other Follow these to the the turned then the Source the appears the LCD the and cover. the cover.
to first the and then to the that the and the the to the Clean the of the to through of then to the the with the the first). the the back the and to the right and Other
and Other the of fits the arrow the the and of the If the and the of the
the the cover the the of the cover and its length. the cover necessary to and Other
and Other the If to or other to to thick, to the This straight-through path. to allow enough the the when it the the turned then the Source appears the LCD the Release the the top cover.
the the the the feed the of the with the the cover, as shown below. sheets, the right of the with the arrow the right and the leading with the OTHERS Then the top cover. and Other Arrow
and Other the to the The the the and cover to the as of the the
the Rear You the rear thicker such as and UltraSmooth You this other of as the turned then the Source appears the LCD the the with the right of the and the straight. The the sheet the and cover to the as of the the and Other
and Other 2-inch than the head to the of the to curling. This the scratch the of the and the torn the If head or when this type of recommends 3-inch or You with or 3-inch to inches Manually switching from to another process. the (www.proimaging.epson.com) or Professional authorized to follow the as as these its the and To feeding the appear the LCD Press the Source the appears the LCD or Choose the to each printed. Choose or other heavy that too thick the of recommended. choose this to of and them together The following (and other with the built-in art (including UltraSmooth, Textured, and board Heavyweight Release the to the suction The suction the and If heavy to increase the suction the feed
The both 2-inch and 3-inch To switch touching the of the as as from lightweight the suction the Loading the the Follow these to the to the the off the of the the the as shown, then the the back the and the of the the of the the the Follow these to the the the cover. and Other
and Other To feeding when the the as shown. (The of the the the turned then the Source the or appears the LCD the
Release the both of the and the and Other
and Other The the and software and/or operating the the through the it with the OTHERS the cover. the to the The the the cover. To or creasing the from the and when OTHERS
with 2-inch this to If when 2-inch switch to with 3-inch Removing from the If to the from the follow these the cover. If the the back to the released then the the and from the the upright, with the the and the the top. the off the top of the the from the Switching 2-Inch and 3-Inch You the to with 2-inch or 3-inch the Follow these to the 3-inch the from the of the the arrow as shown below and of the the Press the other the and Other
and Other To the the four Manually with the the to the manually the finished. You the of art or other heavy should or rather than the built-in of that with the built-in Follow these to manually with the built-in Source the the If the correctly, the or to match the the with the the of the head. Press the the the LCD. Press and the seconds. The
You the right of or the right and using Follow these Press the button. PRINTER SETUP appears the Press the to PLATEN GAP Press the to PAGE LINE Press the Press the to highlight ON Press the to the appears to ON Press the to the You from software. instructions, OS X) or the Thick or Thin thick or thin to the Normally, the STANDARD allows the to automatically. satisfactory when thin or thick to this Follow these Press the PRINTER SETUP appears the Press the to PLATEN GAP Press the button. STANDARD displayed as the the and buttons to the STANDARD the choose NARROW WIDE WIDER or WIDEST and Other
and Other To the the NARROW when heavy Its to Press the to the appears to the selected Press the to the If selected the or appears the to of the or switch to the back to STANDARD. If to to the following section information. the choose type software, the the to the or the the below. If thick or thin to the should that first You or of each type to types) and the whenever Creating Custom To type, the to the Then follow these Press the then the CUSTOM PAPER appears the Press the to PAPER NUMBER Press the then the to to Press the to the
Press the button, then the to PLATEN GAP Press then the to NARROW, the STANDARD, WIDE, or WIDER The STANDARD recommended types. Press the to the Press the then the to THICKNESS PAT Press the to the thickness The to the following: the the Choose the with the the shown the the the THICKNESS NUM displayed. Press the to the that noted Press the to the selected Press the then the the options shown below. as and the to each You the software. instructions, OS X) or CUT METHOD the thinner or the thick You to to the PPR FEED ADJ Choose white or higher EJECT ROLLER the with You to to the and Other
and Other DRYING TIME with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the SUCTION the suction when thin such as or M/W ADJ the of the MicroWeave This lowers speed. the Selecting Custom Once created whenever that then the button to Press the CUSTOM PAPER Press the Press the to PAPER NUMBER then the button. Press the to the that to If STANDARD the the If from to the the Press the then the to the The selected the LCD.
Chapter with the updated and that become with and that and ICC ColorSync included, features Photoshop or other or the color-managed Photoshop the and photographic from the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White You the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right This chapter includes the following information OS X: Choosing and Choosing basic Choosing advanced including and options Creating and Checking
with the options. to the If information about options, the If theyre off Choosing the and from the CD-ROM. You to and the the Utility. instructions and the options choose from options sheets or You the of and the creating recommended to the of the to and You this the Format and the following than Margins the top and of the sheets. only. Select
Click the If cut-sheets, the of the the Then with If recommends that to the of with instructions. The following the choose: The with than the top and Expand) sheets and to to the of the (without the specify You to slightly than the to without reduces the sheets only). of without them, with Expand) without and to to the of the This selection recommended with of with
with To that the the the top and the the You to slightly than the to without of without them. with the If the and Custom You this Click to Click Untitled and its and Then OK showing. Choose the and Click OK Then with the instructions the section to
Choosing Once selected options, to options. The offers that and when using You choose advanced and as Select You the shown below: Choose from the Click and then from the with Select
with the or Professional authorized other that You this Select the that to the If choose type and that match the ICC The and Choose without these when Water choose the White If listed, the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If choose the You to with to which the
The Quality the selected. Choose or quality. the type of photographic Choose Advanced B&W and white this types. that this option, and white with the Select Black only or other non-photographic the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of You choose of the shown the The Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics, such as charts and The EPSON increases the this photographs. The RGB matches to the RGB Click Advanced to as below. Choose of the following Quality Normal SuperPhoto with
with Choose of the following: High fast, bidirectional higher this option. of with vector-based including graphics, and art. with the instructions the section to If the Photoshop or another to off the as Choosing and Follow these instructions to the If necessary, the using the as Select from the You this
You to the created to and Select of the following to choose from three and from Click the arrow to Advanced to specify and CMY ColorSync to applying rather than the If choose this choose ColorSync from the and choose or other to the Choose this when Photoshop or other software applications. If using and to its performance, from the You this with
with Select the to match ICC These the the when off software). Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the reduce Choose white or higher Thickness reduce and when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD or backlight the thinner or the thick You to to the the thicknesses. the You to to the
Choosing If choose of the options the as to these options. Select Option from the shown below. You this Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each the the and each individually. This the the to and With of the previous or Choose this to the manually, without cutting, or heavy that hand. instructions using the to the of that with the built-in with
with These through the Select of the following options: the right and of feeding the of the of when selected as the Source. or and as Choosing the and right to the and the length. should inch to the of The Expand the with this to the of the If the should slightly than the of the The following shows inches) the or Recommended inches) (with Expand) Non-Epson (with Custom only)
If the each the pull-down through them from top to through them repeatedly, or and the without or the to when Creating Custom Preset and Once the This when the Select Summary from the that correct, from the You the following: and OK ready to the instructions with
with If from Photoshop, off when using Advanced Black and White There associated with this and Choosing Advanced Black and White The Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white and offers and white Advanced Black and White advanced and white Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types. Select from the You this Choose the the the Choose Advanced B&W the High the quality.
Select from the You this Choose the that photo. You the photo the as Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality Allows to tonality the or highlight of with
with the or of the the to lower. Highlight If to checking Highlight to reduce to the highlights of Circle Click of this or to the tone to to and white The to the of the the to and white The the tone based Please this of the and It to to of feedback as Print, the of using the Utility. Follow these Click the or the If necessary, (and You this:
From the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If listed, then the Priority arrow as to the finished, the then or the Checking and The the of the and the of the You from this to instructions. Double-click the Applications Double-click EPSON Utility2 with
with Select and OK You the Click the EPSON
The software the amount of the and and displays the To the the To the OK with
with
Chapter with the and that become with and that and ICC included, the Photoshop or other or the color-managed Photoshop the and photographic from the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White You own the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right This chapter includes the following information: Choosing basic options Choosing and options Choosing advanced options
with If information about the Choosing to basic the and from the CD-ROM. The offers that and when using You choose advanced and Follow these to basic the to and You the selected, then the or Preferences or instead. Then or Preferences the You the following: This shows the cant them from Select that to the If using color-managed choose type and that match the ICC
the or Professional authorized other that The and Choose without these when sheets. Water choose the White If listed, the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If choose the You to with to which the the type of photographic Choose Advanced B&W and white types. that this option, and white with the Select Black only or other non-photographic the Quality choose Quality or Quality choose Quality to the following: the Speed/Quality to the Select from the following options, then click OK High fast, bidirectional Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs.) with
with the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If selected as choose of the shown the The Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics, such as charts and The EPSON increases the this photographs. The RGB matches to the RGB If selected Advanced B&W as choose Cool or To choose advanced and white Click Custom then follow the instructions the section to Choosing If Photoshop or another to the advanced and off the as On the the selected. the the Custom
If off the as Choose of the following and the Advanced brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from and or to PhotoEnhance allows to and choose from Correction the Choose this when Photoshop or other software. with
with the to the ICM based the ICC the Matching You choose the input and other as shown below: applying rather than the Click OK to Choosing and You of and Follow the instructions to or the instructions
Choosing On the the You this Select the or from the Source Click Printable and the then OK the than the top and reduces the only the the of the If to to the of the that to the and right of the the top and of the as with
with the to the Click choose or then OK to to the of the the specify You to slightly than the to without the using from the If to the reduce or or both of the the on-screen information about OK Choosing Follow these to and and On the the You this
Select or from the Source The allows to of without them. This option with the option, which feeding the of the of If to without that than information about Click choose or then OK to to the of the You the to the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the edges, to the of the the You to slightly than the to without Click Option choose of the following then OK cutting. Choose this to the manually, without cutting, or heavy that hand. instructions operating the manually. the to and With of the previous or Normal allows the top and of each the and each individually. This the with
with Creating the of If with the following shorter than the of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the of the right and of Select the of as the To the of creating recommended. Click You this then the inches (or and then OK If to the or reduce or the information. OK or and as Choosing the and right to the and the length. should inch to the of
The the with this or the to the of the The following shows recommended inches) the or Recommended inches) (with Expand) Non-Epson with (with Custom
with Select when to Choosing You the reduce or or both of the instructions or on-screen On the the You this the and Click to of Click Reduce/Enlarge to the You to to or Custom and If the of The increase the to and the output to within the
You to the created to and the of the and the reduced the Click to the background of the then the to Click to the and other information about the top or of the Click then the to Click OK or Apply when finished If and to its performance, the and then the You the following: Select the to match ICC These the with
with the when off software). Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to reduce Choose white or higher Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD or Thickness reduce and when thick or thin the thinner and the thick You to to the the thicknesses. the with You to to the finished options, OK Choosing Advanced Black and White The Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white and offers and white Advanced Black and White advanced and white Whether photo or this and to black-and-white This only when types.
On the Choose the the the Choose Advanced B&W the Click Custom then Advanced You this with
with You the following Allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the Tone Allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality Allows to tonality the or highlight of the or of the the to lower. Highlight to reduce to the highlights of Tone Circle Click of this wheel or to the tone to to and white The to the of the the to and white The the tone based Please this of the and It to to of feedback as the You of or then them You or items the You or This to these with other users.
and Custom Once the them as This when the Click the top of the the or You the following: that correct, the then them from the Select To the then location and To the to and with
with and Custom You and the the of the Click Custom You the following: that correct, the then them from the To the then location and To the to and
Editing On the the then Select the item to You the following. and the items to rearrange them or items the Not finished, with that and or them. The each which appears the when the and with
with the the appears: Click to You the buttons to or You and If the to appear, turn off. instructions. You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the You the and to of the following: Click and and Sound Right-click and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences Click to appear Click the
If to of the the to Click the then the and You the and Select from the following options: High of of the using as cache. If to whether or the when EPSON whether or recommended). RAW the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or the this or the head while to allows to the or (such as Photoshop) that the of as allows or graphics to or other based whether or the appear when the with
with Click OK to the and and to the Then OK to the Preferences of the following: Click and and Sound Right-click and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences Click the then the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to If to the appear the Shortcut checkbox. Then the to the shortcut, the to the or right-click then Preferences the
Select Allow of and to other users Click OK to the Preferences and to the Then OK to the with
Printing with
and Transporting the To the instructions The to its This chapter the following Checking and Checking and cleaning the head the head the the the Cleaning the Transporting or the Uninstalling and software to the this chapter, the the to of information, the included the CD-ROM that with Checking and the the amount of the of and the of and other You or the the LCD Information The shows of the the amount of each the count, and the of
and Transporting the You the and yourself. Other to authorized service technician. information based the Follow these to the the Press the You PRINTER SETUP Press the TEST PRINT then You NOZZLE CHECK Press STATUS CHECK then You PRINT Press to The amount of or the indicated as follows: E*****F or service E**** E*** E** E* than or service Information To information instead of follow these Press the You PRINTER SETUP Press the PRINTER STATUS then You VERSION of the following: To the firmware the button. To the of that with each PRINTABLE PG then the This option the the instructions.
The EDM STATUS option to the and to To the amount of INK LEFT then The of the first PK or photo displayed, the E*****F to the of the the To of the used, MAINT TANK then The of the displayed, using the E*****F the To the amount of and USAGE COUNT then the Clear this with the USE COUNT CLR option. You the of from to inches and the the instructions. To history, JOB HISTORY then the the the and The as the To the of TOTAL PRINTS then the To the of other SERVICE LIFE then The of the displayed, using the E*****F below. to the of the feed head, and cleaning The of the and indicated with these E*****F or service E**** E*** E** E* than or service and Transporting the
and Transporting the You cleaning holding the three seconds. You the to cleaning Press the to the information about the on-screen Checking and Cleaning the Head If shows or should the head to You the head software, following the below. You the Cleaning which the to and cleaning necessary. the of the following to the OS EPSON Utility2 Applications Select and OK Click and and Sound Right-click and Preferences Click the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the
You the following: Click the Click to the the to or If the as shown below, Click If as shown below, Clean to the head and follow the on-screen instructions. If the clear cleaning Cleaning as the section. and Transporting the
and Transporting the Dont cleaning while thick the You least to the Cleaning You cleaning from the the cleaning to clear the the of recommended as The to least to cleaning. You to to the cleaning cleaning, the to the head cleaning, as the ready and the light the LCD or flashing. Press the Press the MAINTENANCE then Press the PWR CLEANING then Press to the cleaning. Follow the instructions the LCD to or the cleaning finished and the light flashing, the to that the head clean. effective cleaning, If the cleaning the off and overnight, then the head the following morning with cleaning If the Head the head the thing to the If appears they or or or to the head.
To properly the head, or with Black If with Black or Enhanced Although the head the software, to from the This the thorough the shortest and If already to the head This that the head correctly. Follow these to the head using the the turned Then or with Black If with Black or Enhanced Press the Press the HEAD ALIGNMENT then You PAPER THKNS Press the that STD appears the This the thickness including and Enhanced Press the to the then the to PAPER THKNS Press the to ALIGNMENT Press the to AUTO then the You UNI-D This the type of to with. Press the to the process. It about to the head The white reads the and the automatically. the top cover or off the this and Transporting the
and Transporting the the finished, the BI-D 2-COLOR Then the to the process, which completely and about the finished, the BI-D ALL Then the to the this completely and about the to the head If to or the process, head on-screen instructions.
You to months. Cartridges should If of the expended, the and then the to The to from the Black/Photo Black the light flashing (and INK LOW the LCD the indicated expended. the light and REPLACE INK CRTG displayed, the expended. You the You of and Its to of to the and Transporting the Light Light Black Light Light Black Light
and the that and them. The of other products and the the ready to To reporting the with the turned off. the following UltraChrome K3 Cartridge Black T605100 T606100 T605200 T606200 T605300 T606300 T605400 T606400 Light T605500 T606500 Light T605600 T606600 Light Black T605700 T606700 Light Light Black T605900 T606900 Black T613800 T614800 these the You purchase and from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the Then follow these to the of the whose light or flashing. This the to Press the cover to
WARNING the or If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the to the the from the first of them the necessary. the the and from its and Transporting the
and the If cant the smoothly, the the and If the light the Gently the the with the arrow the Then the the Dont force the to its
and often than necessary. Doing the and allow to the causing To the following turn off the the top cover, the cover, the to the released the the or the cord. If this operation, the You the If the cover. If to the cover Once the the to its READY the Black Cartridge You the from Black to Black or You to the Black Conversion (included with and or that to The includes Black If to Black, the Black purchased separately. The Black photographic types. It photographic and such as The Black photographic or such as Enhanced and Generally, should switch to of the Since to switch and shouldnt switch often than necessary. and Transporting the
and the If REPLACE CNVRSION CRTG appears, the the cartridge(s) from the and then the cartridge(s). to to the to that of the enough If MNT TNK FULL appears the LCD, to the the that READY appears the LCD Press the Press the button MAINTENANCE and then the Press the BK INK CHANGE and then the Press the RAISE THE RIGHT INK LEVER appears the LCD, the the right RAISE THE LEFT INK LEVER appears the LCD, the the REMOVE INK CRTG appears, four from the INSTALL CNVRSION CRTG appears, the three the the LOWER THE LEFT INK LEVER appears the LCD, the the The and DRAINING XX% appears the LCD.
charging of to the and the New Black Cartridge RAISE THE LEFT INK LEVER appears the LCD. the the REMOVE CNVRSION CRTG appears, the from the the INSERT INK CRTG appears, the their specified LOWER BOTH INK LEVERS appears, the the right and RAISE BOTH INK LEVERS appears, the the right and The charging while, appear the LCD. appears the LCD, or the accordingly. READY appears the LCD, charging If the covers. If the covers. and the
and Transporting the the Information the operation, the information the below. OS X: EPSON Utility2 Applications Select and OK Click the EPSON and the Black option shown. If Click and and Sound Right-click and Preferences Click the and that the displayed. If the information manually clicking the and then the and Option Information XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the and that the displayed. If the information manually clicking the and then the and Option Information Performing Additional to cleaning and the the to the and You the to and the and Follow these to the and Press the Press the MAINTENANCE then Press the CLOCK SETTING then
the or buttons to each item the and the following MM/DD/YY HH:MM to the the of the item (the the The allows to and that occasionally. You the to the following: the or of the the counter the the cleaning of the to their Follow these to the the turned off. Press and the then the the and displays HEX DUMP the LCD Press the or to the below. If to back to the previous the To of the the to EXEC Then to the the and ASCII characters the right Press the to the To the the LCD the LANGUAGE then the Press the the then to Press the when and Transporting the
and Transporting the To the PAPER to COUNTER then the Press the option, then the Press the when To the of the UNIT then the Press the to switch from METER to FEET/INCH then to the Press the when To the the CUT PRESSURE then the to Press the to the or the to increase Press to the Press the when To cleaning the SSCL then the to EXEC Press to the cleaning To or feeding the ROLL PPR FEED then the Press the the then the to To to their the the DEFAULT PANEL then the to EXEC. Press to the To the the CRTG INFO MENU then Press the to each then to the information. To the off the the Press the to the the operating
You purchase from Professional authorized To the (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the hand, or the the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy the and to of that with the You the of the sheet or its the instructions. You from C12C815291). the then follow these to the Press the Press the CUTTER REPLACE Press to EXEC Press The head to the OPEN TOP COVER displayed. the top cover. and the
and Transporting the WARNING: The when REPLACE CUTTER displayed the LCD, the as shown and the to the right. Release the and the the as shown.
You purchase items from Professional authorized To the (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or www.epson.ca the while turning the to the the top cover finished the The head to the the The that flushed from the and head cleaning. the the MNT TK NEAR FULL appears the LCD the completely the and MNT TNK FULL appears the LCD. You the its the shown below. You its the or from C12C890191). and Transporting the (showing
and Transporting the to from the when upright and of Follow these to the the or other operations READY or PAPER OUT should appear the If using the four from the right then the cover. the right and the the the included with the the If them the
to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the think the WARNING: The about (without and should turn off the or turning off You to the head, and of the the Cleaning the To its should clean it the turned off and its lights off. Then the and the from the cover and the from the to the If the with with cloth with If the dirty, with clean cloth with the closed to from or the If the the the and least people the To the the and and to If these items, to purchase them. the the Shipment Turn off the and the cord. the following or other and Transporting the
and Transporting the To and the the the and the head. the If the them If using them and To from the the and each resealable to the the The when or the head the right) Then the head the to the right. If the and screw back
release the head the You to to the English and OS If to the using the and and to If these items, to purchase them. the If the vehicle without the and the securely. the the while the Transportation the to the first as that the first the the head cloggedespecially the hasnt turned You to cleaning and the head to quality. the the LCD whether would to to the Uninstalling and the If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. applications. the software CD-ROM the CD-ROM necessary. Double-click the then the OS and Transporting the
and Transporting the If the of the or the from the and the and that become Double-click the If the Authenticate appears, or phrase and OK the appears, Uninstall from the the top and the Uninstall the right. Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the following items the Trash, them: The EPSON LFP Remote the Applications The EPSON LFP Remote the To software, Then, the USB interface, follow the instructions to the software. If the Ethernet interface, follow the instructions If the USB interface, off and the USB from Click and and Uninstall Select EPSON Software Click the Uninstall/Change then the Account Select the EPSON and OK Follow the on-screen instructions to to the Uninstall or EPSON LFP Remote Click the Uninstall/Change then the Account
Follow the instructions to To software, Then, using the USB interface, follow the instructions to the software. If using the Ethernet interface, follow the instructions XP If the USB interface, off and the USB from Click and Double-click or Select EPSON Software Click the Change/Remove Select the EPSON and OK Follow the on-screen instructions to to the or EPSON LFP Remote Click the Change/Remove button. Follow the on-screen instructions to To software, Then, the USB interface, follow the instructions to the software. If using the Ethernet interface, follow the instructions and the
and Transporting the
The first thing should the following the this Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: Checking and lights including clearing The includes of to To the the and lights the through information. If the and software Chapter or information. To whether the caused the the from and from the instructions. If of the this chapter as Where To
Checking and Lights The includes lights and LCD to the of the LCD light arrow or and light light
Light Explanation CHANGE PAPER light TYPE match the selected. COMMAND the ERROR DRIVER INK SET SETTING IS WRONG MISMATCH ERROR These FEED SHEET PAPER FEED SHEET PAPER MANUALLY FORBIDDEN MEDIA FROM P. TRAY light INK LOW cartridge(s) flashing nearly light REPLACE INK cartridge(s) CRTG or or appears the LCD and the lights the or flash. The following the alphabetical and includes and instructions correcting the to the or the incorrect command. The the The option match what selected the Non-Epson to the the manually. instructions. to the the manually. instructions. Press the to the the or or Press the and seconds to the the Press the and seconds to the and the seconds. Then that the the Stop and then and the seconds. Select the option the If to the Press the seconds to If to the the cartridge(s) indicated the LCD instructions.
Light Explanation light INVALID INK You to the If the first CRTG the that with LOAD PAPER light the released while LOAD ROLL PAPER LOAD SHEET PAPER IN P. TRAY LOWER INK LEVERS LOWER (or R) INK LVR MNT REQ. the and as to MNT TK NEAR The FULL light MNT TNK FULL The the instructions. NO BORDERLESS WITH THIS SIZE RELOAD PAPER These light NO INK CRTG cartridge(s) or NO MNT TNK The the instructions. NOT STRAIGHT light the correctly. RELOAD straight. light from One or both the or to the selected sheets If the and the with the the to the the right and the the the and the the or or the
Light Explanation NOZZLES STILL Head cleaning the head cleaning If the CLOGGED clear the clogged, PAPER NOT CUT light flashing correctly. PAPER NOT light and STRAIGHT flashing the PAPER OUT light loaded. REAR COVER The rear cover the rear cover. OPEN RELEASE LEVER REMOVE PAPER JAM RELOAD PAPER light RELOAD PAPER light Manually INSERT DEEPLY enough. REMOVE PAPER light too thick head cleaning. REPLACE The CNVRSION CRTG to replaced. The or incorrectly light the flashing the information. PAPER NOT CUT cleared. the the top and the necessary. or the necessary, as the straight. or the and If the appears the the seconds. Then and the If using sheets, the the the further the instructions. the to the Head cleaning cleaning, the the with the of the the
Light Explanation SERVICE REQ. lights The head flashing locked. SET INK CRTG and the If the the SET PAPER light LEVER released the or another operation. TOP COVER Top cover the top cover. OPEN UNABLE TO You to while PRINT light WRONG INK You to the If the first CRTG the that with WRONG PAPER light Loaded the selected the SIZE flashing match the matches the the necessary. occurred. the to the head. the then the off and back If the as the the to the from the Press the to the If the appears clear the If the and the with
the and light to necessary, as Quality You the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, or If of these the below. and cleaning instructions. the head from the as Turn off High the the software the If using the the Choose higher such as SuperPhoto OS X, the the the Quality If third-party RIP and the RIP the feed. OS or these the Thickness the If thin thats with reduce the Suction the to the white and increase If created to the to STD when using
or or Colors incorrect or the the software the the and light to necessary, as and cleaning instructions. the head, as the the software the If the face-down the Choose higher such as SuperPhoto OS X, the the the Quality Turn off High OS or these Thickness the If created to the to STD when using If the features Photoshop or another turn off the OS X) or the the If third-party RIP or the reproduction. If the face-down the and cleaning instructions. the each of the If the too as the and light, and supply as or software correct.
or the each of the If the appears too as appears the the software the or smeared. the the software the and cleaning instructions. the and light to necessary, as The thickness the software OS or to choose the with the to the to STD The too the to the to STANDARD or to NARROW thin instructions. If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with the to the to STD the or wasnt humidity-free If the face-down the the path. the of the with clean cloth. cleaning instructions. Turn off High The too the to the to WIDE or WIDER instructions. and cleaning instructions.
The of The the the or the smeared. other the software the If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with using the to the to STD If thick the incorrect. the to the to WIDE or WIDER. instructions. If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: The turned the The securely outlet thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and The the outlet matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. If of these the the following
The unexpectedly. The sounds as nothing Nothing Turn off the and the interface securely Then the and incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. If the light flashing, the or to the and lights the the light flashing. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the Follow the instructions to the head. Communication the and interrupted. restarting the and the the specifications. or The match the Click and Sound Right-click the then Click the and selected. XP: Click and Right-click the then Click the and selected. Follow the instructions to software. Then software CD-ROM and the software. You and the or from the www.proimaging.epson.com. If what expected, the below: Clear from the or OS X). Turn off the and the interface securely both
incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the or software. OS X) or instructions. printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to selected software. only. The to The Follow the instructions to the too Turn High the and software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions Chapter to the The PAPER MARGIN the PRINTER SETUP incorrect. If the PAPER MARGIN the on-screen information. the or software the the Source software correct. Press the the to clear the Then and the to the The too thick to with the built-in the with of that with the appears the LCD If the Source to this Choose software Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to to USB
If or frequently, or of the following the suction information. You this through heavy or thick follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and to specifications. the path. the isnt located brightly The correctly. the and Source the software correct. the the or information. If using to the thickness and If tightly, as the
To the the while the light flashing. Clearing the and PAPER JAM the LCD Follow these to clear Turn off the the cover, and release the C the the insertion and the
to the head when the the from the front or back of the If necessary, the top and the Turn the and the light and LOAD PAPER displayed the LCD Then
Clearing If while feeding from the follow these to clear Turn off the and release the the
the If the the top cover and If around the cover, the cover the and the cover off the
to touch the highlighted to the right; otherwise, the Then the the cover. Turn the and the light and LOAD PAPER the LCD Then
Clearing from the If the front or follow these to clear Turn off the and release the the
to the highlighted to the right; otherwise, the the If cant reach the from the front, from the back of the
light and LOAD Turn the and the PAPER the LCD Then
A: Specifications to to C) (without to Rated to to Rated or (ISO or or off the the back of information. Height inches inches to to C) to RH to RH operation, should and RH to to C) month F) to RH
Specifications with and Interfaces USB and Ethernet UL CSA EMC FCC B, B, CSA C108.8 inches to 2-inch to 3-inch to to both and 3-inch inches (2-inch or 5.9inches (3-inch inches A4 inches) inches) B4 (JB4) inches) inches inches) A3 inches) US inches)
A3/B inches) B3 (JB3) inches) inches inches) A2 inches) US C inches) to Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and or other If switch to higher of curled, or inches top and and inches right and the the to or inch top, right, and and inch The allows edge-to-edge Cartridges Cartridge years from within months F C) to F to C); month F to F to C); month F Capacity or Specifications
Specifications Approximately