Information EPSON RIP with performance, these the Background option to Background the the and Preferences turned off (the should If the to to then and the created to the EPSON RIP to and EPSON RIP the optional You should the or manually. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Copyright America, Inc. CPD
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM About This Ready Where To EPSON EPSON RIP the Head Connecting with the EPSON Software Uninstalling Software Network and EPSON IEEE-1394 Interface Card EPSON RS-5000 LX RIP EPSON Interface Card EPSON Professional Quality Memory
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM About This This information included the EPSON and Reference It New Where to technical of the EPSON and EPSON RIP that with New head Instructions to the to with the EPSON and Instructions to to with and Microsoft Additional options and and Reference information about the EPSON and troubleshooting, and
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM To with or as should the following G3 or or or NOTE: If OS to operating software. Download and the or from Apple swupdates.info.apple.com. Apple the If OS or Instead, Apple recommends that and To which operating About This the Apple At least 16MB of RAM the EPSON RIP software (20MB or recommended), to the RAM operating and other At least 52MB of free to the software and least 150MB of CD-ROM USB, or Ethernet to the
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM To as using the EPSON RIP, the following G3 or Ethernet to the as the EPSON RIP 16MB RAM (32MB or recommended) At least 2MB of to the software and least 150MB of free or CD-ROM To or network should IBM PC with or higher or higher recommended) or NT NOTE: EPSON RIP At least 16MB of RAM (32MB or recommended) At least 50MB of free to the software and least 150MB of free CD-ROM as LPT1
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM Ready Ready the other of ready the Where To EPSON technical and information and of professional graphics arts products through the EPSON Protection AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours to without If the the U.S. or or charges apply. Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection that with
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM EPSON through the following services: services Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON CompuServe the to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated telephone services Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM recorded to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice TM Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer You purchase and from EPSON (U.S. only). please
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM To and Chapter Started, should the EPSON and EPSON RIP included the EPSON The EPSON allows to to EPSON to the Follow the instructions to the to EPSON RIP The EPSON RIP software EPSON as NT and Macintosh) and and It reads the created the EPSON RIP them and them the to and these should the that with the to that and connected and properly. EPSON RIP that with the EPSON RIP information.
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM the Head and to and the head. To the from software, through Reference To the through Reference NOTE: If the head to and to follow these when the head; only high-quality EPSON to the when which You to the head to to the
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM Connecting with the EPSON To to PC with Connecting the to PC instructions. To and with the EPSON follow the below. You directly to or to USB If when the USB try the directly to the instead. Turn off the and To to G3, the USB the back of To to first the the the and then the USB If using USB the the USB then the USB of the EPSON the If than the EPSON the first To the EPSON to of the USB the the USB from and the USB the of the to the then with the
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM Software To the Software PC instructions. The instructions apply to both and Follow the below to using the EPSON NOTE: If OS to operating software. Download and the or from Apple swupdates.info.apple.com. Apple the If OS or Instead, Apple recommends that and To which operating About This the Apple and connected and turned off. Turn and the light Turn and the the software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON At the
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM Click then follow the on-screen instructions to the and to the Chooser from the Apple Click the Select the USB connected than the numbered). Turn background then the Chooser. If the Chooser, USB and and turned If the that with If the correctly, the software as the section. the EPSON securely connected, then the EPSON software as If EPSON or EPSON technical as Where To USB
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM Uninstalling Software To follow the instructions Uninstalling the Software Reference The instructions apply to both and users, follow these the software CD-ROM Double-click the EPSON At the On the the arrow the showing and Click the the of the the software the then To software, Software to
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM Network This section information or Reference as this section. To the that optional EPSON Ethernet interface first to the software the Then follow these Turn the and choose Ethernet or Ethernet If prompted, the Chooser from the Apple and the
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM If the to of the connected to the selected appears the right. Click the assigned to the EPSON Turn background then the Chooser. If and other to the connected to to the connected to the the and to the each following the the section, the software the that the instructions. NOTE: This section to to directly-connected as the assigned to
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM the Click to and Double-click Network then the and Click the to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK the Network OK NOTE: If the CD-ROM appears, the CD-ROM the then follow the on-screen If appears to Then with the Right-click the EPSON then the Click the Shared Then and as necessary, and OK
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM Click to and Right-click the EPSON and choose Click the Click the then to specify the to the NOTE: To from DOS as as the instead of Select the the then specify its path. Select then OK. to the OK
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM and This section options EPSON IEEE-1394 Interface Card This interface (C823722) to and high-speed It features and to off or when attaching Based the performance, there performance the USB, or interfaces. EPSON RS-5000 LX RIP EPSON and EFI forces to offer optional LX RIP (C850071) the EPSON It the to RIP, and and sophisticated EPSON Ethernet Interface Card The EPSON Ethernet Interface Card (C823632) allows to EPSON directly to
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM EPSON Professional Quality EPSON choice including graphic arts and layouts, photography, and art to the and Reference the choice /EPSON Professional Proofing With the of RIP, these the and background of White inches, S041160 inches, sheets) S041203 inches, sheets) S041201 Publication inches, sheets) S041207 inches, sheets) S041205 Memory The 64KB of memory and to 96MB. It (three memory of only. Memory the EPSON through EPSON; information.
SP5000_Supplement.book Thursday, PM EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON SoundAdvice service and DX3, EPSON FaxAdvice, and SelecType of Inc. EFI, the EFI and the U.S. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Notices SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Copyright Inc. CPD
Printed with least EPSON
Copyright America, Inc. rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON SoundAdvice and EPSON FaxAdvice of America, Inc. EFI, the EFI and the U.S. of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION CPD-6201
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
Introduction The EPSON the revolutionary The to and DX3 head with art and text to integrated and from to and to quick-drying CMYK of from to high-capacity with increased productivity, east of and The EPSON from inches to inches, including With and optional performance. inch or about The high performance RIP Station (RS of and with Microsoft NT, and UNIX computers. The EFI RIP processing, and 3M MatchPrint III, Color-Art, and WaterProof
To To This of which includes the following users and The This First easy-to-follow and RIP and connecting them to The RS to the RIP, software and from the Software CD, and It to from the RS the The RS to options and to the RS It includes software instructions both and OS computers. The RS and of the RIP the platforms and It includes UNIX, NT, and NetWare to services to The RS introduction to the basics of theory and to the EPSON It includes and instructions and Release Notes information and of the
and This This the following information: Chapter to and the Chapter instructions of through the and using EPSON Chapter what to when the lights or other Chapter instructions head cleaning and cleaning and the Chapter troubleshooting and to switch covers, to the optional the the technical and EPSON included the of the and this information throughout to injury. to to
services Service Access World From the reach Professional Graphics EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. to of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the EPSON CompuServe America free introductory CompuServe membership, and Automated telephone services Service Access Pre-recorded to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON SoundAdvice Access technical information You EPSON FaxAdvice to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON Where To Where To EPSON technical and information the installation, and of professional graphics arts products through the EPSON Protection A.M. to P.M., through and A.M. to P.M., and Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection information that with EPSON through the following services:
ENERGY STAR You purchase and other and from EPSON (U.S. only). please ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused to If isnt ENERGY STAR off when Turn off and each when them. the option software catch something. rather than Not this and
Instructions Instructions using and RIP, the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the and RIP cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the or RIP. the or RIP or or heating the and RIP They properly they or or cover the the or RIPs or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded using outlets the as or that switch and off. the and RIP outlet where the easily fiche the cords become or If cord, the rating of the the the cords Also, the of the outlet of recommended. as specifically the to service the or RIP yourself. the or RIP and servicing to service the following If the or the or RIP; the or the the or RIP normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions.
Instructions with other of to through the following of operating the or the head the head hand. of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of the or to them. This to the head. Once the to with (or the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of them. this this pressed, the light flashes then the or off the to the outlet the light off. the off the the the head the right and the
the and type the To EPSON to and the tray(s) and Then to and the head. This chapter covers the following information: Unpacking the the optional the the Loading the head Unpacking the what included the
UNPACK THE PRINTER the C AUTION The to or the OTE The RS the RIP Station and instructions. The optional Follow the instructions the Notice Sheet to the and protective to the the near grounded outlet switch or or the as This the which the memory and the supply. of back to the and enough front the the with high or sunlight or Near of heat or interference, such as or OTE to follow the Instructions the Introduction If purchased the optional to the top of Follow the instructions the section to the
INSTALL THE LOWER CASSETTE the Optional the Optional The If purchase the optional to the section and the Unpack the and Follow the the to the and protective the where to the with the facing top of the as shown: ARNING the of the the the caught the and the
the the and using the screws that with the the wrench that with the to the screws. ARNING to the or without the screws; otherwise the and and If to the the the below. each of the the of the the
INSTALL THE INK CARTRIDGES the the the the the front of the as shown below: C AUTION to the the right of the and the feeding If the the that with the Cartridges the counter from indicating the amount of the and the Press the and the OTE The first the the supply the and then off. This operation. light
the the and right OTE You the however, each the specified of the ARNING If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the ARNING To reach the
the Cartridges the with the arrow and to the of the and the the the clicks through the other the light flashes and the sounds. Charging about off the or this or than necessary. The charging the advanced The light flashing. However, the light flashing and the or off the C AUTION off the when the light flashing when the charging finished. The
LOAD PAPER the Loading EPSON four the the and the optional Chapter instructions the feed and the head, coated the OTE You to and the head. to the from the RIP to Quality (coated) the You the the of the to the cover.
Loading the with without to OTE Not with If to the switch to the that matches the the the other than A3 or switch
the If or release the and the completely. both as as they of and then the
Loading the of with the and the right of the resting the right of the the the of the OTE Dont the arrow the the the
the the necessary. If to the cover. (If pulled the the the cover.) the cover
Loading the and type the coated the as follows: LTR type: Quality The directly they allow software to that the option the information about these Chapter OTE the and type should the and type to the the The to of whats the and from the information about the cards. type
RUN PRINTER CHECK Press to the You the to that operating correctly. the the to the RIP that the functioning. the turned off. (or the to the the and and the Release both buttons when the The showing of the of ROM, and the as the following to off the Press the the If the the operating correctly. light
ALIGN THE PRINT HEAD the Head If the or as the following cleaning the head. instructions. If nothing correctly Then cleaning as the Head the should the head to the turned off, and the to the both the and buttons while the light and light flashing and the the head to the below printed: The the and the from to that (If than to this
the light Press the repeatedly the The following shows the lights to each numbered Press the to selection. The to the below. The lights turn and the and which of the vertically and the the and and the below. Press the to the selection to the right and the to to the Press the buttons repeatedly the light(s) or to the vertically light vertically flashing flashing flashing to the from the the or the and lights flashing. light light light light lights flash. flashing
the Head Press the Cleaning to selection. The to the head If other numbered through to the and off the finished the head, the
Chapter Selecting Path EPSON of from to high-quality coated and With four to choose from the optional from inches to inches. The straight-through feed to This chapter includes instructions the following: Selecting the the front feed the feed EPSON Selecting Path You the the The front to or The straight-through of and to inches The following the Optional feed Rear
The following the from the four and or Ledger/tabloid/A3/B A3/B or than the and Optional You these of to inches. The of however, the optional cant than inches of the trays, to the and type to match the as the following section. Optional Rear
the and Optional This allows software to that the option the If the option match the and This both and money with the OTE You the to Other the of and type to and should of this whenever the to the type and correctly when You should the type and to the each This to of whats the and from the The following the type EPSON and type Quality or Card Quality Quality Quality only smears Thick Other OTE this the to Other type
SET THE LEVERS AND USE THE CARDS The following the A3/B A3 LGR LGL A4 LTR 10/DL/C5/C6 Envelope other Other or other following the instructions that The of bond, Follow the when EPSON or the type and to the the
the and Optional the and type that match the loaded, the clear covers the and the cards. If of the trays, the and cards. the with these when the of the face-down the If using such as or with the top leading the If the the switch to the other To the switch automatically, the and type the both trays, or the to Other the If thick or smears the the type to Thick Press the to of type
Loading the Optional the completely of the OTE If than the the and of the when they of the To the (or options the
FEED PAPER THROUGH THE FRONT MANUAL SLOT the the You with the face-down. the turned If than the and Then the cover. the right of the with the right and the the cover
FEED PAPER THROUGH THE REAR MANUAL SLOT The the and when If the completely, the the Rear this when straight-through path. You of and through the sheet to inches and to the the turned If than the and Then the cover. cover
the Rear the cover. the to match the the right of the with the and the the OTE If using or heavy to the the to feed
The the and when If the sheet completely, the EPSON and You of coated, and other with EPSON EPSON which specially the high-quality The following the the of EPSON commonly with The the from the shown this the to the or Product EPSON Quality A6 S041107 A4 S041061 S041126 S041071 S041026 S041062 S041124 S041072 S041029 S041067 S041048 A3 S041131 S041070 S041075 S041044 A3/B S041069 S041133 S041074 S041043 Quality Quality Light
EPSON and OTE EPSON including sheets, and information about and this EPSON (U.S. only). please The following the EPSON and both trays: EPSON Additional information (coated) Dont or If sheet included A6 with the or cards, the when light through feed only. to EPSON Follow these and Dont the of the quality. choose the options
its and cool, to quality. or where they to high humidity, or sunlight. To their them resealable or other airtight covering. light to backward, that the from the the choose the options or back light from the immediately and the top of each other. the of the of to them from sticking together. to the and front feed and when the EPSON corners to the the and front Rear
Chapter the and and lights lights and lights to the Lights The EPSON includes of the to software the lights when or This chapter covers the following information: Responding to the lights Clearing OTE information about the and other software RIP Station Responding to the Lights light
lights or optional light light lights flashing. light flashing. light Either or both lights flashing. lights flashing. head operating correctly. Turn off the and of or lights and light flashing. the the lights the or flash, to or The following the indicated and the or incorrectly loaded. or correctly, the correctly selected the front or software, loaded. feed Turn off the and the cover the cover. Corresponding nearly empty. Corresponding the (or or and/or option match the Press the to force match required. Turn off the and EPSON as the Introduction.
CLEAR PAPER JAM Clearing Clearing If the three lights the flashing, Follow as of the below as to clear the path. the to Turn off the the and Gently the If the turn the back and the to feeding properly. If cant the following these
the If the the and the of the the cover. the cover, and necessary, the Gently the If the the turn the back and the to feeding properly. If cant the follow the cover
Clearing the cover. Gently the ARNING reach the when to of the the the trays, the covers, and the back Press the to feeding properly and of the
Chapter and Transporting the RUN CLEANING CYCLE Cleaning EPSON to its This chapter the following cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning If unexpectedly light or or from the to cleaning This the head they properly. The cleaning should only You the to the cleaning or to the and the lights or flashing, the cartridge(s) cleaning If of the Press the Cleaning and three seconds. light flashing, and the the path. The cleaning about three The light flashingunless the hasnt or than C AUTION To the off while the the light flashing, or to that the clean. lights off.
RUN PRINTER CHECK and Transporting the If the If four or the You the to that operating correctly, and to the head clean. You the without the connected to the RIP. This that the operating correctly. You the while the to the RIP, to whether head clogged. the turned off. (or the to the the and the light The showing of the of ROM, and the as the following Release both when the to off the the printed. Press the the If the the the head and operating correctly.
and and lights lights Cartridge If the or as the following or head. cleaning and/or head Cartridge of the lights the flashes, the This to the light the and to the RIP when of of C AUTION To high EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. the the ready to with the following EPSON S020118 S020147 S020143 S020122 To EPSON or EPSON (U.S. only). please
REPLACE AN INK CARTRIDGE and Transporting the the turned and which to the lights. the The the and the the and yellow the right. the the then the straight of the ARNING If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the the then from its
Cartridge the with the arrow and the arrow the ARNING To injury, reach the the clicks the light off. If the correctly. the and as the and
USE CLEANING SHEETS and Transporting the Cleaning the Paths If feeding properly, cleaning to the paths. Cleaning sheets with EPSON and S041150). the cleaning the that feeding properly. with the first and as shown below. other C AUTION You or A4 cleaning sheets. A3 cleaning with A3 EPSON Press the the to and the the cleaning through If the cleaning the and the and the instructions clearing
CLEAN THE PRINTER Cleaning the Cleaning the To operating its should clean thoroughly the following when the C AUTION Dont the the or thinner to the these chemicals the as as the to the or Dont or Dont or the they the the and trays. Press the to that the Turn off the Then the and from the RIP. to and If the or the of the dirty, them with cloth with the cover closed to from If the of the with off with cloth.
TRANSPORT THE PRINTER and Transporting the Transporting the If to and the You the to the of the from to another, to the to the when Turn the the and the trays. Press the to that the Turn off the and the head the right) as shown below: If the back the head and the then off the off, the light while. the the light off. four of the and them resealable the and covers. C AUTION Dont the when the turned head
Transporting the the from the then the RIP interface from the the If the optional the the protective when the If the optional and the off of the
and Transporting the the trays, cord, and other the boxes. to the To the follow the instructions Chapter the following: The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning as If the the the turned off when them.
Chapter Troubleshooting The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: troubleshooting EPSON includes of to To the the lights the instructions. Also, the RIP or the RIP Station information. To whether the caused the the from the RIP and instructions. If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To the Introduction.
If this this: or Troubleshooting Quality You often the following: cleaning instructions. match the options to the type of Chapter the type and the correctly. Chapter or other with the the orientation. The should face-down the or front feed the feed cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. lights to of the then the instructions. the the matches the using and the correctly. Chapter or RIP Station information.
If this this: or or incorrect or smeared. If thick the the type to Thick If feeding thick manually, follow the instructions Quality the and the correctly. the matches the and the correctly. Chapter or RIP Station information. or other with the the The should the or front the the or cleaning instructions. lights to of the or empty; then the instructions. the the head. instructions. If or or of the Dont than of the If the following the instructions
If this this: light Turn off the and RIP, the and nothing instructions. the three lights following the instructions flashing. and match the lights flashing. the You cant the and option match, the the or to Other or both or other the (or the lights correctly). One of the light or other of the feed The light when the selected loaded. The Troubleshooting If the first that: The turned and the the The securely thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and RIP and the RIP turned If the sounds nothing or cleaning instructions. If the the as from If the cover the back of the the correctly light
If this this: lights If the light flashing, the supply flashing or One of the the lights the rating the back of If match then off. off and immediately. EPSON as the Introduction. the lights flashing. Turn off the the cover, and of or and Turn off the seconds, and it If the lights lights flashing. or EPSON as the Introduction. The You turned the the finishes testing and cleaning the head and If the turned off while the cleaning This off the this process. or Other If the light the empty; the following the instructions or Other You the following: smooth, high-quality and they the B. the or other and Follow and instructions included with the or other and Chapter
If this this: feed correctly from of the trays, or than sheets feed from of the feed Ejected the isnt Dont or and them their Press the Troubleshooting If with feeding, or the of from the and that the or other Isnt or creased. Isnt too thick or thin B). Isnt overloaded the Chapter Isnt together. Isnt the If three lights flashing, Then the or other that: The the snugly, too tight. You the and to the You the path. Chapter You the necessary. cleaning to the path. instructions. the isnt too thick or too thin, curled, or the the the selected the isnt too thin. the feeding straight. the options and the match the
A: Switching SWITCH PAPER TRAY COVERS A-1 Switching You switch the of the and optional You this than with or without the However, switch trays, to switch the covers, that the the the and then both covers following through the cover. the slightly backward.
A-2 Switching the cover and The cover notches should easily off the the other that the notches straight and the
A-3 Switching Trays the and the notches the the cover.
B: Specifications yellow, light light Bidirectional with ESC/P inch 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/6-inch B-1
type Thickness inches) sheets A4 A5 inches) inches) inches) A3/B inches) inches) B4 B5 inches) A4 and A6 only) A3/B inches, only) inches) A4 A3/B inches) A4 sheets inch distributed EPSON B-2 Specifications and distributed EPSON and distributed EPSON to inch distributed EPSON to to inch to to inch to to to
type Thickness inches inches DL inches C5 inches C6 A6 inch inches EPSON light A3 light to inch distributed EPSON to B-3 OTE Since the of or type of the EPSON to the of or type of of purchasing or reduce and and other If switch to higher of distributed EPSON only these to F to C) Humidity: to RH Printouts EPSON Quality should these to F to C) Humidity: to RH or to inch to to to
Printable sheets and B-4 Specifications BL BR OTE The inches BR BL C A: The top inch B: The and right inch C: The inch C A: The top inch B: The and right C5 inch The other inch The right other inch C: The C5 inch The other inch
light light Specification Black (S020118) (S020122) (S020147) (S020143) capacity* (ISO/IEC coverage) Cartridge years from months F C) Installed: to F to C), month F C) Uninstalled: to F to C), month F C) to F to C), month F C), hours F C) F C) F C) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) B-5 Cartridges Cartridges (A4, coverage each (A4, coverage) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H) The often cleaning thaws and hours F C). C AUTION To EPSON Other products to covered warranty. Dont the the expired. (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) (W) (D) (H) inches (W) (D) (H)
feed Friction front and optional of without the B-6 Specifications Mechanical Width: inches Depth: inches inches (A3 Width: inches Depth: inches inches Width: inches Depth: inches inches
Operation: to F to C) to F to C), month F C) hours F C) Operation: to RH to RH without UL CSA C22.2 EMC FCC CSA C108.8 B-7 240V 120V to 132V to 264V Rated to to Rated 1.0A 0.5A 32W (ISO/IEC OTE the the back of the
ECP IEEE-1284 ECP B-8 Specifications Interfaces interface The built-in interface and ECP IEEE-1284 Synchronization: STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector: Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization: to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284
B-9 Interfaces interface Based RS-423 Synchronization: Approximately X-ON/X-OFF, DTR Word Parity Stop Connector: