PRINTER GUIDE
rights of this publication or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with these of this information as to other and MicroWeave and of Corporation. UltraSmooth PhotoEnhance and UltraChrome K3 and service of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. America, Inc. CPD-24356
FCC Compliance United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 WARNING This Class this interference, which the user to
Introduction This information and the and It to to its and troubleshooting information, the following: The Reference summary of procedures and and other cleaning and the head, and the to easy reference. The on-screen the CD-ROM information about the and software. You the CD-ROM, already The on-screen Network the CD-ROM instructions and Notes, and Please follow these as this WARNINGS to injury. to to Notes information about hints to the of
Introduction the and options that currently and offers these optional and Optional Option only) C12C815251 44-inch Core only) C815121 (Normal Tension) or 3-inch (High Tension) or 3-inch Cutting Cutting C815192 Cutting One-year warranty EPP7898B1 Two-year warranty EPP7898B2 with heavy which the built-in these items: and user-replaceable C12C890191 C12C815291 Cartridges C12C811161 C12C811151 C12C811155 C12C811152 C12C815231 C815182
If with the SM toll-free or Unit ID You purchase optional and and from Professional Authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Where To technical and information the and operation of professional products through the Warranty AM to PM through and hours of to without Unit ID which included with the Warranty information that with and of purchase. and to You firmware, and and troubleshooting or with To stand-alone or should these OS or higher, or or higher G5, or higher At least 1GB of RAM (2GB or recommended) At least 30GB of free software and or CD-ROM or DVD the software Introduction
Introduction improperly shielded than the to malfunction. USB to the USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet-equipped and To stand-alone or should these IBM PC with or higher recommended Microsoft XP Professional Edition, or XP At least 1GB of RAM (2GB or recommended) At least 30GB of free software and Quad-speed CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet Ethernet PC and
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively. The about or without or when the or the the enough around You the sheets of heavy or the or the the The properly or to and humidity. the from sunlight, light, or heat to and the from areas. from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the outlet where the easily the type of indicated the the to properly grounded the as or that switches and off. using switches or timers. the that with the of another fire or shock. The with the only. with other fire or shock. or cord. Introduction
Introduction turn the off the this POWER OFF appears the LCD and the light flashes. the or off the to the the off and the light flashing. This that the head capped. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the or cover the the the the head instructed to service technician; otherwise the through the to the to service the yourself. the from the the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. the the head the right California customers only: The lithium this apply, www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate.
too force when that previously Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the cool, If off with and If them immediately with them the the the within months of or to them. This the head. from allow to least three hours The IC the of information, which allows to and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as this that there the covers or unnecessary, to from items that the touches. the its surrounding or the IC the of the Doing and Introduction
Introduction These the the the the otherwise noted. cover mounting cover Casters Network interface USB interface includes each of AC only)
Chapter the WARNING: people to and the choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or locations of interference, such as TVs, or conditioners. This chapter includes the following information: Unpacking and assembling the and Connecting the Connecting to and the software or the firmware the and Assembling the Follow these to and its (If the instead.) to and the The following shows the the You of to the and
the and Assembling the Unpack the and these items. Top and Accessories: screws wrenches with washers screws with washers
to the section. the right the right as shown. (The bases and and R. the wrench included with the to the with the the and the the as shown, then with each the tight. the of showing location of
the the top as shown. the wrench to the screws with washers. each of the securely. Unpacking the the and the and cushions.
The includes Black If to the Black purchased the from the of the as shown. the and from the the and other from the as shown below. and the items shown below, to the and the Black Conversion
the the and other from around the Mounting the the the casters to the from
WARNING: or people to the people the Mount the the as shown. the
the To the back the the to the with the wing screws and washers. these areas: the front cover the covers the the right near the the front cover. Follow the to the and the head. Then the and the as shown. the and to the
the shown below or the Attaching the The cloth that attaches to the and catches as they the as shown. The free of the should outward. the
the the the the of the the as shown. the front once as shown, the around the the the front as shown.
WARNING: people to the and four to the choosing the easy and locations to sunlight, heat, or Also locations of interference, such as TVs, or If that too tightly to properly, the to the of the information. Unlock the casters. Then the to the of (The the the the and to the to Connecting the Cord and Assembling the Follow these to and its (If the instead.) to and the The following shows the the You of approximately to the and the
the Unpacking and Assembling the the and the from the of the the then Unpack the and these items: sections and Accessories: wrench with washers and washers
the of the sections as shown. Then with the included wrench. the that the when the the other the section to the other Tighten four securely. Unpacking the the and the and cushions. the
the The includes Black If to the Black purchased separately. the and from the the and other from the as shown below. and the from around the the items shown below, to the and Black Conversion
Mounting the the the to the from the relation to the as shown: the
the WARNING: to the with than four people. four the the four locations as shown, and the the the to the with the washers, and washers. Top
from the front cover, covers, and and the of the to the the front cover. Follow the to the screw and the head. Then the and the as shown. the and to the the
the the shown below or the the front cover. Unlock the casters, the to the of and the casters. (The the the The cloth that to the and catches as they the to the the and right
Turn the its seams and the the rear to the back of the the once that the around the Then the the as shown. the to their length. Then the of the as shown. the
the the the the of the as shown. the they the of the them the indicated below.
The the following sections the the instructions the the that or switch. off the and If that too tightly to properly, the to the of the information. Connecting the Cord the to the AC the back of the the through of the the or right as shown. the properly grounded the
the The If to Black the Black immediately instead of the Black You to the process. the the that with the to one-third of the each to used. The shipped with to charge the of as as Press the to the INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE appears the LCD Press both covers to them. the the the from their then each
Charging about off the release the or the front cover while the light flashing, or the the the each with the arrow the then its each the the and that the the LCD the The charging the and the light flashes. appear the LCD follow the instructions to or the and to the covers. Charging finished when the light and the PAPER OUT appears. charging completed, to READY appear the instructions. the
the Network USB Connecting to You USB and/or Ethernet USB the and shielded feet or To to RJ-45 CAT-6 To directly to interface, RJ-45 CAT-6 that both the and the turned off. the interface the the the other of the the or switch or
You of the the Software Follow the below to the software Macintosh. Turn and the software CD-ROM. Double-click the Read the and You this Click You this the
the If that the of the the the Applications and the the Then software. If to the the this Click the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional the the Applications the and the Click You the Browser: USB and while the and the becomes Then More and such as EPSON TCP/IP Select from the and
If to or or this software as necessary. You the the Utility. to to firmware, necessary. the Software Follow these to the software turned off. Turn the software CD-ROM The automatically. the and You this the
the With XP, New this Next and Next USB when the firmware Click You this Click the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional screen to the the the connected; the the created the and OK the with then the software CD-ROM. to the section to the firmware, necessary. To and functionality to should of firmware the and necessary.
Dont off the while the firmware information the LFP Remote to the on-screen Checking the Press the Press the PRINTER STATUS highlighted, then Press and the displayed. the Downloading the and Click and Downloads Choose the or and follow the instructions the You to the of the EPSON LFP Remote the Double-click the to Click the EPSON LFP Remote You the LFP Remote selected. Click the Click of the buttons. You the its LCD displays Ready and connected to or then choose Click and the firmware that and extracted. Select the and Choose If the firmware of the to the firmware process. (If the to the
the the software, to and If the satisfactory, If to the head, as the the and LFP If connected to follow the instructions the section to the the Network Once the to follow these to Turn the The searches the and displays the MAC each that Highlight the that to and to the TCP/IP selection If necessary, instructions assigning IP information, the on-screen Network
Chapter and Other The and of including and to inches or inches You heavy such as to thick. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting the the Selecting offers of coated, and art as as other of the on-screen The following shows the Supported sheets to to to to to to Thickness to to to to of the purchasing or If or other to and instructions.
and Other Follow these as as those included when and other touching the with the or to or scratch the choose the software OS X) or instructions. the or both the software and the OS X), or or instructions selecting the software. its and cool, to where they to high humidity, or sunlight. You with or 3-inch and of to inches or inches Manually switching process. to follow the as as these its the and To feeding the appear the LCD Press the Source the appears. or
Choose the to each printed. the when to of and them together Choose or other heavy that too thick the of optional recommended. information. The following (and other with the built-in art (including Textured and UltraSmooth TM Water board Heavyweight TM Proofing If heavy to increase the suction the button. lightweight the suction the (Release the to the suction, then and Other
and Other The both 2-inch and 3-inch To switch touching the of the as as from Loading the the the off the of the the the as shown, then the the the the right of the the and there the and the the back the and the of the the of the
To feeding when release the while the light flashing, or the the the the cover. the the as shown. (The of the the the turned then the Source the or On) appears the LCD the light flashing, then release the and Other
and Other the the and the through. If the to the suction. If heavy the to increase the suction. If lightweight the to If the the front cover and manually. the of the the back to Then the with the and
the front to the front cover while or might affected. the to the then the cover. Press the (or seconds). The automatically, and READY appears the To or creasing the from the and when from the the cover. If the the back to the Released then the the and from the the the off the of the the from the and Other
and Other Cutting heavy Switching 2-Inch and 3-Inch You the to with 3-inch the Follow these the from the of the of the the then the arrow as shown below. Press the Press the other the the To the outward the Manually with the the On to manually finished. You the to of art or other heavy should the optional Cutting or rather than the built-in of that should with the built-in the Source the the LCD Press the button. The the to the outward to release
If necessary, the the or buttons. Press the Source the On) the LCD. Press and the seconds. The You the right of On) or the right and Press the Press the to the and highlight PLATEN GAP Press the to highlight PAGE LINE Press the Press the or to highlight ON Press the to the appears to ON Press the to the You specify from software. instructions, OS X) or Sheet You of and other The from to inches or inches You the when sheets; from the and and Other
and Other the back to the Released You without releasing the This recommended or art the its and thickness: thicker than as or art to of thickness, the section. Loading the turned and the cover closed. Press the Source the Sheet appears the LCD
heavy to increase the suction the This the and lightweight the suction the To the the or while the or light the the the right and of the straight and with the and the the to the Press the or seconds. The the and READY appears the LCD finished, the the To the or release the while holding the Loading or You without releasing the This scratching that might art and when sheets. the turned and the cover closed. Press the Source the appears the LCD and Other
and Other the the the the the right of the straight and with the the cover. Press the The and READY appears the LCD finished, the sheet the To the or release the while holding the You Enhanced or other heavy to inches or inches Follow these to or other than thick: the to catch front of the or instructions. other You the and the cover.
Press the Source the Sheet appears the LCD the back to the Released the front cover. (The cover that as when the cover and Other
and Other If than inches first, only). the the the with the the cover. the to the Then the front cover. Press the or seconds. The the and READY appears the LCD finished, the the To the while releasing the
If head You the PLATEN GAP to WIDE If that the to WIDER To the the NARROW when thick the Thick or Thin thick or thin to the STANDARD the satisfactory when thin or thick to this Press the Press the to the and highlight PLATEN GAP Press STANDARD highlighted as the the or to choose NARROW WIDE WIDER or WIDEST Press the to the appears to the selected Press the to the If selected the following appear the of the to of the or switch to the back to STANDARD. If and the to to information. and Other Narrow
and Other the to catch front of the the The to and catches as they The from or scratched. You to catch the the or front of the Follow the instructions below the or or the Catching Printouts From the To catch front of the the as shown below. this or that inches or length.
To catch the the as shown: If the as shown: and Other
and Other Catching Printouts of the Follow the below to the front of the this or that inches or If using the they front of the as shown below. the the Then the that they the the of the If there the properly to the
Catching Printouts the Follow these to catch the the from the the the and the back the and Other
and Other If the the and them back as shown. If the the the
only the choose type software, the the to the or the the below. You or of each type to types) and the whenever Creating To type, the to the Then follow these Press the button, then the CUSTOM PAPER highlighted. Press to PAPER NUMBER Press then the to to Press the to the Press the then the to highlight PLATEN GAP Press then or to highlight NARROW, STANDARD, WIDE, or WIDER (The STANDARD recommended types.) Press to the Press the then the to highlight THICKNESS PATTERN Press then to the thickness to the following printed: and Other
and Other the the Choose the with the the shown the the the THICKNESS NUMBER highlighted. Press or to the that noted then Press the then the to of the options shown below. as and to each You the software. instructions, OS X) or CUT METHOD the thinner or the thick You to to the PAPER FEED ADJUST Choose white or higher DRYING TIME with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the PAPER SUCTION the suction when thin such as or backlight M/W ADJUSTMENT the of the MicroWeave This lowers the the TEST PRINT to of showing the each
You showing the This easy to the type of Press the then the to highlight TEST PRINT. Press Press CUSTOM PAPER highlighted, then Press to Selecting Once created whenever that Press the then the to highlight CUSTOM PAPER Press PAPER NUMBER highlighted. Press then or to the that to If STANDARD the the If from to the the Press The selected the LCD with Press the to the If selected displayed the LCD. and Other
and Other
Chapter With the and that become or with and that and the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White ICC ColorSync included, Photoshop or other applications, or the color-managed using Photoshop and the and output from instructions. You the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right the and from the CD-ROM. You to and the the Utility. instructions and the If the to correctly. This chapter includes the following information OS X: Choosing and Choosing options Choosing options Choosing Choosing options of Choosing advanced and white Creating and
With the to when with or option, or as the and right to the and the inch to with the option the with this to the of the If with the option, should slightly than the of the and the option. the below (with Expand) inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches (with Custom (with
the to the If theyre turned off If information about options, the Choosing options choose from options or You the of and the creating to the of the following than Margins the top and of the sheets. only. the to and You this the Format and With Select
With Click the If choose the of the and of the options below. Then with If recommends that to the of instructions. to as The following the choose: The with than the top and Sheet Expand) and to to the of the (without the You to slightly than the to without Select the then choose the
Expand) without and to to the of the This selection recommended with of information. the You to slightly than the to without information. of without them, with of without them. If choose Custom from the (If to Click to Click the Untitled and then its and and OK from the Choose the and Click OK Then with the instructions the section. With
With Choosing Once selected to The offers that and when using You choose and Select You the shown below: Choose from the Select from the You this Select
If created the or option the the that to the the information. If using color-managed choose type and that match the ICC the of the following: type of photographic Advanced B&W and white this types. information. that this option, and white with the Black only or other non-photographic the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears, to the of You choose of the shown the the Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. EPSON increases the this photographs. RGB matches to the RGB Click Advanced to options, as the With
With The Quality the selected. Choose or SuperPhoto the quality. Choose of the following Quality Normal SuperPhoto Choose of the following MicroWeave of types). High fast, bidirectional higher quality, this option. of vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and recommended with the instructions to If using the Photoshop or another to off the Selecting the Correct The the the to the If the instructions included with the or the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca If using the the You to with to which the
this Select this EPSON Proofing White White Water Textured Textured UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Quality Enhanced only) With Proofing White Enhanced
With this Select this Enhanced only) Other the to with other types. Choosing Follow these instructions to the from the then Advanced You this Enhanced
You to the created to and Select of the following to choose from four and from three Click the arrow to Advanced to brightness, and CMY the to off ColorSync to applying rather than the If choose this choose ColorSync from the and choose or other to the Choose this when ICC Photoshop or another software on-screen instructions. Choosing Follow these instructions and to its performance. Select from the You this With
With Select the to match ICC These the the Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the reduce Choose white or higher Thickness reduce and when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD the thinner or the thick You to to the the thicknesses.
These through the Choosing If choose of the options as the as to these and feeding Select Option from the You this Normal Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each the the and each individually. This the allows to and With of the or You white Choose this to the manually, the optional without or heavy that hand. instructions the to the of that recommended with the built-in With
With Select of the following only when selected with the option): the right and of feeding the of the of To the amount of when with the option, from the You this the to increase or the amount of The shown the with the If the to the amount of the as follows: the inch from the to the the inch from the to the
If from Photoshop, Photoshops when using Advanced Black and White There associated with this and If Advanced Black and White type, to information. Choosing Advanced Black and White Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white using This offers and white with advanced Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types. Select from the Choose the the the instructions.) Choose Advanced B&W as the High the With
With Select from the You this Choose the that photo. You the the as allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool and that the the found the tone allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality allow to tonality only the or highlight of
If the each the through them from top to through them repeatedly, or and the without or the or of the the lower. Highlight to reduce to the highlights of The tone the of and white Click of the wheel or to the tone to The to the of the the the tone based that this shows the and It of feedback as Creating Custom Preset and Once the This when the Summary from the that correct, from the and OK ready to the to with from the With
With You the the and holding least seconds. Print, the of Follow these Click the the If necessary, (and You this: From the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to finished, the then
With the and that become or with and that and the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White ICC included, the Photoshop or other or the color-managed Photoshop and the and from on-screen instructions. You the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right to basic the and from the CD-ROM. instructions If the to correctly. This chapter includes the following information: Choosing basic options Choosing options Choosing Choosing Choosing options Choosing advanced and white Choosing options exporting, and of
With or or as the and right to the and the inch to the with because to the of the If to slightly than the the below inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches* inches inches inches* inches (with Expand) (with
If information about the Choosing The offers that and when You choose and Follow these to the to and You the selected, then the or Preferences (If or instead. Then or Preferences You the following: With This shows the cant them from
With The Quality the selected. Choose or SuperPhoto Select that to the the information. If color-managed choose type and that match the ICC If listed, the instructions included with the or the If using choose the or You to with to which the the of the following: type of photographic Advanced B&W and white types. information. that this option, and white using the Black or other non-photographic the Quality choose Quality or Quality choose Quality to the following:
the Speed/Quality to the Select from the following options and OK High fast, bidirectional quality. Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and recommended the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the You choose of these the Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. EPSON increases the this photographs. RGB matches to the RGB Click Custom then follow the instructions the section to options Selecting the Correct The the the to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca If the the You to with to which the With
With this Select this EPSON White Proofing White Water Textured Textured UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Doubleweight Proofing White
If off the as this Select this Quality Enhanced only) Others Enhanced only) Other the to with other types. Choosing The offers the including turning the off. If using Photoshop or another to the advanced and off the as instructions Photoshop to on-screen the or Preferences the selected. the Custom Choose of the following and the Advanced the Choose this when Photoshop or other software. on-screen instructions. With Enhanced Enhanced
With specify brightness, and CMY or choose from three You choose from and or to PhotoEnhance allows to and choose from Correction
the to the ICM based the ICC the You choose the input and other as shown below. applying rather than the instructions. Click OK to Choosing Follow the this section to and and (If On the or Preferences the selected. the Source or The allows to of without them. This option with applications, and With
With Creating the of feeding the of the of selected as the Source. the the of or To the of creating recommended. Select You this then the of inch (or and Then OK If to reduce or the information. If to without If to that than information about
Click the to option. Choose Expand or then OK to to the of the You the to the the specify You to slightly than the to without information. The shown the with the If the to the amount of to the as follows: the inch from the to the the inch from the to the Click the Option You this With
With These through the Choose of the following this to the manually, the optional or heavy that hand. instructions operating the manually. Normal allows to and With of the or You white Normal allows the top and of each the and each individually. This the Select these necessary: than the of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the of the right and of finished, OK Choosing Follow the this section to and (If On the or Preferences the selected.
the Source the the of the the If the of listed, You this With
With then the of inch (or and Then OK If to the then If to to the of the If to that to the and right of the the top and of the instructions). Click the and choose or to to the of the You the to the amount of the You to slightly than the to without If to reduce or the the section information.
Select when to Choosing You Follow these to reduce or On the or Preferences the You this Select the and Click Reduce/Enlarge to the You to or to or Custom and If the of selected. The increase the to and the to within the the of and the reduced the With
With If from Photoshop, Photoshops when using Advanced Black and White There associated with this and If Advanced Black and White type, to information. Click to the background of the Click the to the Click to the and other information about the top or of the Click the to and OK Choosing Advanced Black and White Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white using and offers and white Advanced Black and White advanced and white Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types. On the or Preferences the selected. Select that to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca If choose the or You to with to which the the choose Advanced B&W the Custom then Advanced
You this You the following advanced and white allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool and that the the found the tone allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality allow to tonality the or highlight of the or of the the to lower. With
With Highlight to reduce to the highlights of or the The tone the of and white Click of the or to the tone to The to the of the the The the tone based that this shows the and It of feedback as selecting OK Choosing If and to its performance, and as the Then, whenever that the the of and You the to Click the the You this
You to the created to and the to match ICC These the the when off software). Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to reduce Choose white or higher Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD Thickness reduce and when thick or thin the thinner and the thick You to to the the thicknesses. selecting OK With
With On the other the through
Click the Custom You this: that correct, type the type, and the following: To the to right the them the Select the of the necessary and To the to that the Custom the of the the location, and To from shared with that the Custom the to and to the shown the and With
With Exporting, and Custom You of them with the You them as that with others, who them the includes of You them to of the and then them You or items the to the and Exporting Custom Follow the instructions this chapter to the Click the the top of the or You this: that correct, type the group, and
the following: To the to right the the Select necessary, and To the to that the the of the the location, and Custom To from shared with that Select the Click the to and to the the and To the to right the the Select necessary, and Loading To the associated with the that with the Then the following and and the Highest Quality ICM Chroma Others Click To group, its the Select necessary), of the that match and With
With Editing Click the then Select the item to You the following and the items to rearrange them or items the Not finished,
You the the and holding least seconds. with that and or them. The each which appears the when the and You these using the and and Preferences the the appears: Click to Click to You the buttons to or You and If the to appear, off. the section instructions. With appear Click the
With If to of the the to You the and to Click the then the and You this Select from the following options: High of of the as cache. If to to the High Copy to the right. whether or the displayed when EPSON the software Selecting this option recommended conflicts with other software. RAW using the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or the this or the head while to
allows to the or (such as Photoshop) that the of as allows or graphics to or other based off the that appear when the Click OK to Preferences You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other who the Click the then the Preferences You this the options to With
With If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut the to the or right-click then Preferences the Select Allow of shared and to other Click OK to
Chapter and Transporting the The and to their This chapter the following procedures: Checking and Checking and cleaning the head the head Switching the the and Performing the the Cleaning the Transporting or the to the features this chapter, the the to of information, the included the CD-ROM that with Checking and the the amount of the of and the of and other You the section), or the the LCD or
and Transporting the You the and yourself. Other to authorized service technician. Information The shows of the the amount of each the count, and the of the Press the button. Press the to highlight TEST PRINT then Press to highlight STATUS SHEET then You PRINT Press to The amount of or the indicated as follows: E[*****]F of or E[**** ]F E[*** ]F E[** ]F E[* ]F than of or Information Press the button. Press the PRINTER STATUS highlighted, then of the following: To the firmware the To the of that with each to highlight PRINTABLE PAGES then Press to the of each
The EDM STATUS option to the (This option using the to information. instructions.) To the amount of to highlight INK LEVEL then The of the first displayed, the to the of the To of the used, to highlight MAINTENANCE TANK then The of the displayed, the the the To the amount of and to highlight USAGE COUNT then You clear this with the CLEAR USAGE COUNT option. You the of from to inches and the instructions. To the history, to highlight JOB HISTORY then the the the and The as To the of to highlight TOTAL PRINTS then To the of other to highlight SERVICE LIFE then The of the displayed, the below. to the of the feed head, cleaning and and the
and Transporting the On clicking the the or the the If shortcut to the right-click and to to the The of the indicated with these E*****F of service E**** E*** E** E* than of service Press the to the information about the on-screen Checking From the The with the of the and the of the Follow the below to the to the of the following to the OS the EPSON Utility2 Applications Select and OK Click and Sound and Right-click the and Click the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the EPSON OS X) or EPSON
You cleaning the three seconds. You the to cleaning On clicking the the or the the If shortcut to the right-click and to to the The software the amount of the and and displays of these Checking and Cleaning the Head If shows or should the head to or deflected. If necessary, the cleaning to clear the You from the The then the or each and them necessary. the and Head Cleaning Follow these to software to the head and them necessary: the of the following to the OS the EPSON Utility2 Applications Select and OK Click and Sound and Right-click the and Click the and Transporting the
and Transporting the XP Click and Double-click and Right-click and Preferences Click the You the following: Select the Click and follow the instructions the The and read. If the cleaning If the clear cleaning cleaning as Checking and Cleaning the Head the Follow these to the the head and clean them necessary. Press the Press the TEST PRINT highlighted, then NOZZLE CHECK selected.
Dont cleaning while thick the Press then to the The and read. If the cleaning Manually Checking and Cleaning the Head If off and manually to whether or deflected. Then cleaning and holding the Press the button. PRINTER SETUP highlighted. Press Press the AUTO CLEANING highlighted, then Press the to OFF then to the Press the Press to highlight TEST PRINT then NOZZLE CHECK selected. Press then to the the printed, least to If the as shown below, the head clean. If or or deflected, as shown below, cleaning and holding the least seconds. Then another to the clean. and Transporting the
and Transporting the Dont cleaning while thick the You least to the deflected Cleaning You cleaning from the the cleaning to clear the the of recommended only as The to least to cleaning. You to to the cleaning cleaning, the to the head cleaning, as the ready and the light the LCD or Press the Press the MAINTENANCE highlighted, then Press POWER CLEANING highlighted, then Press then to the cleaning. Follow the instructions the LCD to or the cleaning finished and the light flashing, the to that the head clean. effective cleaning, If the or cleaning the off and overnight, then the head the following morning with cleaning If
To properly the head, or the Head the head the thing to the If appears they or blurry, or or to the head. Although the head the software, easy to from the This the thorough the shortest and If already to the head This that the head correctly. Follow these to the head the the turned Then Enhanced Press the Press HEAD ALIGNMENT highlighted, then PAPER THICKNESS highlighted. Press The STANDARD selected This the thickness Press to the Press then to highlight ALIGNMENT Press the to highlight AUTO then UNI-D highlighted. This the type of to with. Press the to the process. Each head about The white reads the and the automatically. the front or off the this process. and Transporting the
and Transporting the You to months. If covering the with the finished, BI-D 2-COLOR highlighted. Then to the process. the finished, BI-D ALL highlighted. Then to the process. the to head If to the process, head the Cartridges should If of the expended, the and then the without of to The to from the LCD The below the the LCD to the the The the of as follows: or Cartridge or the light flashing and INK LOW appears the LCD the indicated expended. the light and REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE displayed, the expended. You the You of and
that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the with months of the the the ready to To reporting the with the turned off. the following UltraChrome K3 Cartridge Light Light Black T602900 T603900 Light T602600 T603600 Light T602500 T603500 Light Black T602700 T603700 Black T602100 T603100 Black T611800 T612800 T602200 T603200 T602300 T603300 T602400 T603400 You purchase and from Professional Authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the turned Then follow these to the of the that or expended. This the to Press the covers to them. and Transporting the
and Transporting the WARNING: the or If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the to the the from the Its to first of them the necessary. the the and from its Gently the
If cant the smoothly, the the and If the light the and often than necessary. Doing the and allow to the causing the with the arrow the Then the the Dont force the to their the covers. Once the the to its READY and Transporting the
and Transporting the To the switching process, off the the front cover, release the the the or the cord. the this process. If this the You the the where interrupted. Switching Black Cartridges You switch the from Black to Black or You to the Black Conversion (included with and the or that to to. The Conversion includes three (yellow, and which to reduce the amount of the You the Conversion The Black photographic types. It traditional photographic and jet-coated such as and The Black photographic or art such as and Generally, should switch to of the to switch and of switch often than necessary. the The amount of flushed through the to of combined) used. should least the process. If MAINT TANK FULL or MAINT TANK NEAR FULL appears the LCD, to the instructions. the READY appears the LCD Press the Press the MAINTENANCE highlighted, then Press the to highlight BK INK CHANGE then
If REPLACE CONVERSION CRTG appears, the button. the cartridge(s) from the right and then the cartridge(s). to to Press the Follow the instructions the LCD to the REMOVE ALL FOUR INK CARTRIDGES ON THE RIGHT SIDE appears, four from the right INSTALL C/M/Y CONVERSION CARTRIDGES appears, the three the the right LOWER THE RIGHT INK LEVER appears the LCD the the right The and DRAINING INK XX% appears the LCD and Transporting the
and Transporting the the New Black Cartridge RAISE THE RIGHT INK LEVER appears the LCD. the the right REMOVE C/M/Y CONVERSION CARTRIDGES appears, the from the the right INSTALL ALL FOUR INK CARTRIDGES ON THE RIGHT SIDE appears, the their specified including the LOWER THE RIGHT INK LEVER appears, the the right this the
switch to Black that with Black appear. RAISE THE RIGHT INK LEVER appears, the the right this the The charging while, appear the LCD or the accordingly. LOWER THE RIGHT INK LEVER AND CLOSE THE COVER appears the LCD the and the cover. Then this the and cover. the Information switched to the information. Follow the instructions operating OS X: the the Utility2, following the instructions Click the and that the displayed. Access the as On the that the displayed. If the then the and Option Information the and OK and Transporting the
and Transporting the You the PRINTER SETUP to the counter, and other features. information, the and Press the Press MAINTENANCE highlighted, then Press CLOCK SETTING then the and buttons to each item the and the following MM/DD/YY HH:MM Press to the allows to and procedures that occasionally. You to the following: the or of the the counter the the cleaning Track the amount of of the to their information
Follow these to the turned off. Press and the then the and the and the LCD displays MAINTENANCE MODE. the and buttons to the below. If to back to the previous To of the the to PRINT Then to the the and ASCII characters the right Press the to the To the the LCD to highlight LANGUAGE then Press the then to The and to operation. To the counter, to highlight REMAINING PPR SETUP then Press to ROLL then To the of to highlight UNIT then Press to switch from METER to FEET/INCH to Press when then To the to highlight CUT PRESSURE then to Press to the or to increase Press to the To cleaning to highlight SS CLEANING then to EXECUTE Press to the cleaning To feeding power-on, to PWR ON ROLL PPR FEED then Press to the then to To to their to highlight DEFAULT PANEL then to EXECUTE. Press to the and the
and Transporting the try to the hand, or the To the to highlight INK INFO MENU then Press to each then to the information. To off the the Press the to the the operating the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy the and to of that with the You the of the or its the instructions. You from C12C815291). the the turned then follow these to the Press the Press MAINTENANCE highlighted, then CUTTER REPLACEMENT highlighted. Press The head to the OPEN Press FRONT COVER TO SEE CUTTER REPLACEMENT LABEL displayed.
Release the The WARNING: The when the front cover. SEE LABEL TO REPLACE CUTTER the LCD the (as shown the and turn the to the right (as shown the right). and Transporting the
and Transporting the the the New the from its then follow these to the as shown.
the while turning the to the the front cover when prompting to The to the and READY appears the LCD the The that flushed from the the and and head cleaning. the the MAINTENANCE TANK NEAR FULL appears the LCD the completely the and MAINTENANCE TANK FULL appears the LCD. You the its the shown below. You its the software or and Transporting the appear the LCD
and Transporting the to from the when upright and of The the of the as follows: to nearly nearly or The the right and the from C12C890191). The of the On the the right than the To life, switch the when the right reaches approximately to of capacity. Follow these to the the or other operations READY or PAPER OUT should appear the LCD If the the LCD to which to or right). the the of the the of the and the the the included with the the
to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the think the the or absorption the otherwise Cleaning the To its it becomes the turned off and its lights off. Then the and the from the cover and the Then to clean or the front cover and or cloth to or the Clean the shown below the of the arrows. If necessary, the cloth, the of the then with cloth. and Transporting the
and Transporting the If toothpick or to the Then clean or around the assembly If the outer dirty, with cloth with the closed to from To the the then with and Transporting or the If the the its To the should using the and Follow the instructions below to the If the purchase from information.
Its to and covers the Shipment Turn off the and the to the the right) and the light off. Then the the following and interface or other Optional Optional the You choose whether to the or them the when the to from the locking and screw that as shown below. and Transporting the
and Transporting the WARNING: The about and should The about and should four the from the the casters locked. the and washers the to the the them the using the where the located the the holding the while information about the
the or To the should the and If the purchase from information. the the to the such as within the the its casters. the turned off and the the the right). If turn the back the to the then off the the and interface the and the cover. the front cover closed. the the the then the the ground. and Transporting the
and Transporting the Release the front casters. the to its location, then the casters. the Transportation the to the first that the first the the head cloggedespecially the hasnt turned You to cleaning and the head to
Chapter You the following the this chapter or the www.proimaging.epson.com. Then try the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: Checking and lights including clearing Uninstalling and the The includes of to To the the and lights the through information. If the and software information. To whether the caused the sheet from the instructions. the www.proimaging.epson.com If of the this chapter as Where To
Explanation BORDERLESS ERROR LOAD CORRECT SIZE PAPER CARRIAGE LOCKED RELEASE THE CARRIAGE LOCK CLEANING ERROR PRESS PAUSE BUTTON CLEANING ERROR REMOVE THICK PAPER Checking and Lights The includes lights and LCD to the of the and light or and light or appears the LCD and the lights the or flash. The following the alphabetical and includes and instructions correcting the The selected and that loaded. The head locked. the the head; Head cleaning clear the the head cleaning If the clogged, too thick head Release the to the cleaning. Head cleaning automatically. cleaning, the the light light LCD the the or or or cleaning arrow or Source
Explanation COMMAND ERROR CHECK DRIVER SETTINGS CONVERSION CRTG LIFE CONVERSION CRTG NEAR END OF SERVICE LIFE CONVERSION CRTG LIFE REPLACE CONVERSION CRTG WITH NEW ONE COVER OPEN CLOSE COVER F/W INSTALL ERROR UPDATE FAILED RESTART THE PRINTER INK CARTRIDGE INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE NON-GENUINE CARTRIDGE! MAY NOT PERFORM AT OPTIMUM. CONTINUE? <YES NO> INK CARTRIDGE PLEASE USE GENUINE EPSON INK CARTRIDGES INK CARTRIDGE REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE You using the to the or the incorrect command. The type the the The to service displayed the LCD.) The the with to replaced. the of the cover the front cover. the then the instructions. the Press the to NO and installed. the with to YES the with cartridge(s) the cartridge(s) indicated the LCD Press and the seconds to the the the Press the to
Explanation INK CARTRIDGE DO YOU ACCEPT THIS? <ACCEPT DECLINE> INK CARTRIDGE ERROR BK INK CHANGE INK CARTRIDGE ERROR CHECK CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE ERROR PLEASE INSTALL THE CORRECT CARTRIDGES INK CARTRIDGE ERROR REPLACE CARTRIDGE INK LEVER LOWER THE LEFT (or RIGHT) INK LEVER INK LOW cartridge(s) nearly when LEVER RELEASED LOAD PAPER LEVER RELEASED LOWER THE PAPER SET LEVER MAINTENANCE to the and as REQUEST MAINT TANK NEARLY FULL REPLACE THE MAINTENANCE TANK Press the to DECLINE and the with Pressing to ACCEPT covered warranty. The to Select YES to switch the or NO to the You to the If the and the with the The the or selected or the and the You to that with this CSIC occurred. the and If the the with One of the the to the loaded. released. the the to the from the The the which nearly If the and the with
Explanation MAINT TANK FULL REPLACE THE MAINTENANCE TANK MISMATCH ERROR MAKE SURE THAT THE INK CARTRIDGE AND DRIVER SETTINGS MATCH NO CARTRIDGE INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE NO MAINTENANCE TANK INSTALL THE MAINTENANCE TANK PAPER CUT ERROR REMOVE UNCUT PAPER PAPER EJECT ERROR REMOVE PAPER FROM PRINTER PAPER ERROR LOAD PAPER PROPERLY PAPER LOW The the finished. PAPER JAM REMOVE PAPER PAPER OUT LOAD PAPER PAPER SETTING ERROR LOAD CUT SHEET PAPER The the the which The option match what selected the Press and the installed. seconds to If to the cartridge(s) cartridge(s); the the which Release the and the correctly. necessary. The or or the incorrectly necessary; the Release the and the If the If the evenly. the Release the and the Turn the off and then back information. The as Press the Source the Sheet appears the LCD Stop and then and the seconds. Select the option the If to the Release the and
Explanation PAPER SETTING ERROR LOAD ROLL PAPER PAPER SKEW LOAD PAPER PROPERLY POWER CLEANING YOU MUST MOVE INK LEVERS WHEN CLEANING PRINTER ERROR RESTART THE PRINTER SENSOR ERROR LOAD DIFFERENT PAPER SERVICE CALL ERROR The head locked. the the head; UNABLE TO PRINT MAKE SURE PAPER IS LOADED as Press the Source the correctly. or appears the LCD straight. Release the and the correctly. Then the to the cleaning required. Select YES and follow the instructions to the cleaning Press the to off the You to while the and seconds. Then and back The match the selected type or occurred. the then the off. the and seconds. Then and back If the as occurring when to such as Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, or If of these the the following Press the Source to the type or the and or incorrectly
the and light to necessary, as Turn off the High or the and light to or necessary, as and cleaning instructions. Turn off the High the the software correct. If the Choose higher such as SuperPhoto If third-party RIP and the RIP the feed. OS or these the Thickness the to the white and increase If created to the to STD when the head; and cleaning instructions. the head, as the the software correct. If the higher such as Turn off High Advanced You to OS or these Thickness If created to the to STD when
Colors incorrect or the the software correct. or the each of the If the appears too as If the Photoshop or another off the OS X) or the the If using third-party RIP or the reproduction. If the and cleaning the each of the If the too as the and light, and supply as or software correct. the the software correct. and cleaning the and light and supply as The thickness software OS or to choose the with to the to STD The PLATEN GAP too the to the to STANDARD or to NARROW thin instructions.
appears or the the software correct. smeared. The of The the the or smeared. the other If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with to the to STD the or wasnt humidity-free If the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. Turn off the High The PLATEN GAP too the to the to WIDE or WIDER instructions. and cleaning You to and the the software correct. If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with to the to STD If thick the PLATEN GAP incorrect. the to the to WIDE or WIDER;
The If the light flashing, the unexpectedly. or to the and lights the the light flashing. The sounds as Follow the instructions to the head. nothing Nothing Turn off the and the interface securely Then the and If cant turn the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: correctly. The securely outlet thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and The the outlet matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. If of these the below. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the Communication the and interrupted. restarting the and the interface the or The match the Click and Sound Right-click the then Click the and selected XP: Click and Other and Right-click the then Click the and selected. Download and the or from the www.proimaging.epson.com.
incorrect or software correctly and the selected. characters. incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the or software. OS X) or instructions. printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to the software. only. The to feed The Follow the instructions to the If what expected, the below: Clear from the OS X). Turn off the and the interface securely both the and software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions to the The ROLL PAPER MARGIN the PRINTER SETUP incorrect. the on-screen information. the software the the Source software correct. and cleaning Press the the to clear the Then and the to the the correctly. The too thick to with the built-in the with of that with the appears the LCD If the Source to this the software.
too Turn the High Choose software Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to to USB If feed or frequently, or of the following the Suction information. You this through heavy or thick follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and specifications. the path. the isnt located brightly The correctly. the and Source the software correct. the PLATEN GAP the or information. If using to the thickness and
Fixing If the too tightly to properly, the to the There the and the the to the of the as shown: of the following: If feeding front of the the to the
If appears the the To the the while the light flashing. If feeding the the and them to the as shown below: Clearing the and PAPER JAM the LCD Follow these to clear the the insertion Release the
the front cover necessary. the the shown below or the the front cover, necessary. Press the to the off and then back the light and the following appears the LCD PAPER OUT. LOAD PAPER Then
the and that become Uninstalling and the If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. the Applications then the Double-click and then If to software, Macintosh. Then follow the instructions to the software. of the following Click Uninstall Select EPSON Software the XP Click or Select EPSON Software the and Change/Remove Select and OK Follow the on-screen instructions to software. If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software.
A: Specifications to to C) Humidity (without to Rated to to Rated or or off the the back of information. to to C) to RH to or or off to to C) month F) to RH
Specifications and Specification inches inches (without inches inches inches (without Interfaces USB and Ethernet UL CSA EMC FCC B, CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class inches inches to 2-inch to 3-inch to to thickness to inches to both and 3-inch 2-inch 3-inch inches
Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or to Sheet A4 inches US-ANSI inches A3 inches A3/B inches A2 inches A1 inches A1 inches A0* inches A0* inches US inches US C inches US inches US E* Specifications
Specifications US-ARCH ARCH inches B5 inches inches ARCH inches ARCH C inches ARCH inches ARCH E* inches B4 inches B3 inches B2 inches B1* inches B1 Landscape* inches B0 inches B0* inches inches inches
that and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the The with and of the from this first of the within months of the Others inches only Printable inch top and and inch right and the the to or or the top to The allows edge-to-edge Cartridges Cartridge years from within months to F to C); month F C); or Capacity or approximately approximately inches* inches* inches inches inches Specifications
Specifications