PM R220
PM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying or of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when using and MicroWeave, and of Corporation. RPM, and PhotoEnhance and and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-19889 Copyright Notice of Copyrighted
PM R220 full-featured and CD/DVD You from these advanced features: highlights, and of and and CD and DVD CDs and and USB front USB to The front USB or other USB The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and the JPEG/TIFF the information to the reproduction.
PM About To and its software, the This instructions with and CDs and and information about the SPR220 Reference Please follow these throughout: Warning: to to to Notes information about hints
PM From to Loading The type of choose affects the to the If rough the to of Selecting the Correct information. Follow these to the and its the right the the the too tightly). 10-inch or 6-inch or 7-inch
PM Follow these when the Its often brighter or whiter than the other or the top first. the first, when Dont the arrow the If follow the instructions that with If the corner, the right as the To follow these Loading Capacity Bright White Quality Quality Cards Heavyweight Scrapbook TM Scrapbook Double-Sided Iron-On Cards Quality From to
PM Follow the instructions this section to or instructions instructions with Advanced on-screen Reference From the EPSON R220 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the Select Click to software
PM You the basic Select Select or Select from these Quality Option rough with reduced Text text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high the and match the the Selecting the Correct Select or the From to Select the type of Click options
PM the Advanced Then the following as necessary. Select Quality as Click to RPM the Select as necessary information about advanced or instructions them as them or If to the the and as necessary. Click OK to then OK or to Select (To choose ICM first) Click to this Advanced each
PM this appears and shows the of You these buttons to or You You the Selecting apply to the that currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the then OK You the necessary. From to Click to Click to or
PM With Follow the instructions this section to or instructions instructions with Advanced Reference to the or as the From the You the Select R220 from the Format Select and Click OK to the From the You this Select R220 from the Select from the Select R220 Select or Select R220 Select With
PM Select the following as necessary: You choose other selecting these options the To the of or To To as PDF To to To such as To cover or photo. ColorSync or To ColorSync or the or or off the To the Summary To of selections. From to the type of Select or Black Select higher or Click
PM To smears sheets or Custom To selections OS from the information about the Click the Advanced to these Click to To the of the when appears the the of If OS the instead, then R220 the Select RPM the With
PM You this: You the finished, the or From to Select the
PM Selecting the Correct Select the or what of and the coverage accordingly. this Iron-On Bright White Bright White Quality Quality Cards Quality Heavyweight Double-Sided Scrapbook Cards Scrapbook CDs or CD/DVD CDs or CD/DVD Envelope Select this or Quality Heavyweight Selecting the Correct
PM You with the the to the of the Although and without these and Heavyweight inches) Heavyweight Scrapbook inches inches) inches inches inches) inches) inches) Scrapbook to its resealable photo or glass-covered both and from high humidity, and sunlight. From to inches) inches) inches) inches inches inches) or Heavyweight
PM these sections instructions selecting below and photo. From the EPSON R220 selected, then or Preferences You the following Click without white Select or as the Quality Option Select of the following as the Heavyweight Select or Click
PM Click the the and OK If to the amount of necessary the and the Select Select photo Click OK to then OK or to and photo. From the You the Select R220 from the Format Select Select photo Click OK to the From to R220
PM From the Select R220 the Select from the Select of the following as the Select Quality the If to the amount of from the and the Click to Select R220 Select
PM CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The EPSON CD software easy to and with of effects. You both and CDs and only CDs and Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this Follow the these sections to CDs or Cleaning the below CD or DVD CDs and the the Cleaning the CDs or to the You this feeding and of turned and sheets of loaded. Press the to of the Press the to the and From to
PM CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or the instructions the and the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Then follow these the the the cover and the CD/DVD CDs and
PM the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the white or the the To CD the CD the first, then the CD the the CD when CDs and that the CD and the otherwise the the or the the and the Dont the too and that the exactly. Follow the instructions to with EPSON CD. From to this with CDs
PM CDs and You EPSON CD to and with graphics, and EPSON CD of the following: Click or EPSON CD EPSON CD the Applications EPSON CD and EPSON CD To background the or background You the following To background of the following: Click the then to the and OK You thumbnail of the the Select and OK Click Background the the then already chosen background, Click Select to choose background. CDs and
PM To of the following: Click the text and the to apply formatting and effects, and OK (To the of Click the the Text type then of the options the to You options the and To of the text the then the or Then the other that appear. finished, choose as from the to To to of CD or DVD. the then follow the instructions From to
PM created and CD or DVD, ready to the and EPSON R220 or R220 selected, then the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the or the CDs and
PM the If and text or the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD. the (or CD) the CD and the as EPSON CD. Select from the EPSON R220 or R220 (Macintosh) selected, then Confirmation or Position (Macintosh). Click The the or CD. the or CD and the from the of the to the and with From to
PM the and or (Macintosh). You this: or Entry (Macintosh) the the Height or Top the the (Right) or Right Click OK to the the If smears CDs or to the or CDs from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. CD or DVD as EPSON CD. Select from the EPSON R220 or R220 selected, then Confirmation or Check Click CDs and
PM the printed, the and the Correction or Correction or as necessary. You three Each location. the first printed, the then through selecting or to the If to third Correction through and Third or Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and EPSON CD to the EPSON CD on-screen instructions. From to
PM Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to the head the Head Cleaning Utility. You the head holding the the three seconds. (This only when the light off.) and least once month to the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Head Cleaning the Applications and EPSON Select SP R220 the OK then Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds. The and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
PM the light flashing, the then of the following: Click then Click Confirmation then Next The If the white or (as shown below), If the white or (as shown below), Clean to the head If cleaning three or four to and You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
PM Cartridge the light flashes, or the light to the cartridge(s). which or empty. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Checking the To the supply, of the following: Double-click the the You this and light Cartridge
PM Macintosh: the Applications and EPSON Select SP R220 the OK then EPSON You this Click to information about the
PM Cartridges these within months of them and the the To and them. Other products to covered warranty. You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head Black T048120 T048220 T048320 T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 T048920 Cartridge
PM and Cartridges Once the the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press and release the If light off, to If light or flashing, the head to the and the that to the The light to flash. to Press the If than empty, the the If the identified, the head to the You the to which of Checking the Supply information. the cover.
PM Press the the back of the and the of the of Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with Unwrap the Dont the board or the the with the board facing the front. Then the clicks Dont the board Cartridge
PM If to another through with the cover. the cover and the The charging the The light flashes and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
PM the Head If or light or to the head. Turn the sheets of of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Macintosh: the Applications and EPSON Select SP R220 the OK then Head Follow the instructions the to the You this On the the without You to or the Head
PM Select each to then the of the the the Then Next If cant without choose the thats Then to another and this Next follow the instructions the to the You this On the the without You to or Select each to then the of the the the Then If cant without choose the thats Then Realignment to another and this
PM Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the USB the then to the If the outer or of the dirty, with cloth with the cover closed to from If of the off with cloth the shown. Clean Warning: Dont the or other the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the Cleaning the
PM the If to its or of To the when the the and turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the and USB from the from the then the and the the CD/DVD closed, then the and the the cover. the to the with then the cover. the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If the head the head
PM to what the of If the Where To and light Sheet Edge USB and light and light Rear USB
PM the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light If the CD/DVD the CD/DVD then the light the Press the flashes to the If the light flashing, the cover and including or torn Then and the to light flashes One or the that appears to which or follow the instructions Checking the Supply light One or of or then follow the Cartridge or the and the to CDs or the CD/DVD the the CD/DVD the and the to CD or DVD CDs or the CD/DVD the the CD/DVD and the If incompatible with the or incorrectly installed. or with the as
PM Lights Explanation and lights light off; and lights flashing You to whether from the or other Turn off and Disconnect the USB the the then and release the release the The CD/DVD when the or when the CD/DVD of the head. Turn off the then the cover and or other Turn the back If the lights flashing, as The internal Turn off the seconds, then If the lights flashing, as
PM (If the to the head as If the the software USB or or software correctly. If the with the and below. If nothing as Where To Turn off the the USB then and and and Software The installation. The first the charge its head about charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the the cover closed completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. follow the instructions the to the instructed to the USB connected securely to the and the the shown other including and protection software, and
PM If and the the Format the to the or the instructions. or software correctly, software 98SE, or XP The USB correctly from the USB properly If If on-screen Reference instructions The nothing the USB connected securely and that the the as If the software correctly. If to as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, The properly or that the and
PM when turn or awhile. too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the these the Quality Option to or the Quality/Speed to the Advanced turn MicroWeave off only) and High If connected to USB that near the of the Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. Select higher and off High or instructions. the or (Macintosh) matches the loaded;
PM the of the Its usually brighter or whiter. The replacing; instructions. the Head instructions. or smeared. with the The usually the brighter or whiter of the isnt or curled, or (the should If or curled, of the instructions the You to included or to and absorption of the specifications the on-screen Reference the Head instructions. each from the when or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the matches the loaded; and
PM isnt or If of with the usually brighter or whiter than the other using higher Select higher or (Macintosh) instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software You or Black off or selected when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or turning off PhotoEnhance. using that the on-screen Reference information. exactly match on-screen However, to as as You features. Reference information. Colors slightly hours and to the right. With or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin.
PM correctly or the the pulled If feed, from the sheet the right then the the If feed once, the from the the to the sheets, and If the to clear the If that the the cover and including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right and the too tight. to curling. CD/DVD and text the CD/DVD. the as smears the CD/DVD or too light. CDs or the and allow the to least hours the or the as the brightness or the EPSON CD on-screen Printed CDs or dirty. Clean the as and
PM The CD/DVD the the CD/DVD as the without or Dont the too with the exactly as Printout The inverted. Turn off the the Advanced or the (If Iron-On the should inverted.) The selected, or the active the or The head cleaning; The incorrect. the the the to the right of the the the software instructions choosing the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference or incorrect. the and options correctly. match the width/height of the or and to
PM You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then try selected software, or as the active the or (Macintosh). If USB the directly to instead. Too that the option software or Uninstalling Software You to and then and this might necessary when operating You to EPSON CD or on-screen Reference off or the while the software. Double-click the (If using XP then Select the Select Click EPSON Software the and the Change/Remove and XP). Select EPSON R220 then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If or EPSON USB Devices the then the button. then the to software. Uninstalling Software
PM Applications then the Double-click the or Select EPSON R220 then or the Utility. then the to software. Where To technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone of services Services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the R220 SoundAdvice. To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply.
PM Please the following information ready: Product R220) Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Where To
PM
PM and Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or Microsoft 98SE, or XP At least 256MB RAM (512MB recommended) 200MB (300MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software Windows-compliant USB shielded USB AB to To and its software, should Apple G3, G4, or G5, or with built-in USB OS or OS or recommended) At least 256MB RAM (512MB Recommended) At least 200MB (300MB or recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software shielded USB AB to
PM Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the turn the off using the It the to off the Dont switch off the or the the off. or the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. and Notices
PM the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of children and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours this the or try to them. This the head. the IC the of the This operation and If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the to the to the Instructions
PM FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/ or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B261A NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Declaration of Conformity
PM Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or and Notices
PM peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write to: Inc., P.O. CA America, Inc. Warranty
PM and Notices
PM Accessories head to to to to Blurry to C CDs to to to to to to Characters, incorrect Checking to Cleaning head to sheets ColorSync CDs Edge-to-edge to to CD to to to Head Cleaning to to High
PM Incorrect characters Incorrect of to instructions to Inverted Iron-On to software to Marginless to Margins, incorrect MicroWeave feeding to to CD software to head to cleaning to Head to to to to cleaning to to
PM basic to to CDs and to CD to software to to feeding to to to Quality Option Quality/Speed instructions to Software CD to to to Transporting Troubleshooting to Uninstalling software to USB Head Cleaning to Head to basic to software Index
PM
and Cartridges and to the that earned of their awards! specially coated to with about of Water-resistant, photographic-weight with high finish. Perfect photographic and of recommended this type. heavyweight of including and Perfect of snapshots, and Heavyweight Heavyweight, bright white, ultra-smooth coated with finish. Perfect photographs, and crafts. Cartridges information other products and ideas, the www.printlabseries.com the back cover of EPSON and and information. these T048120 T048220 T048320 T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 T048920 To and You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges T048120 T048220 T048320 T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality inches) S041062 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 S041809 inches, perforated S041134/S041671 inches) S041141/S041649/ S041272/S041271 ColorLife inches) S041500 Heavyweight inches S041467 inches) S041457 Double-Sided inches) S041568 inches S041934 inches) S041935 inches S041727/S041808 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286/S041667 inches) S041331 inches) S041405 Quality A4 inches) S041106 inches) S041064 Iron-On inches) S041153 Card inches), S041606 perforated A6 inches) S041144 Scrapbook inches) SCR1001 TM Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 The of location.
quality, heavyweight Perfect of including and of snapshots, and these T048120 T048220 T048320 Yellow: T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 T048920 and Cartridges and to the that earned of their awards! specially coated to with about of Water-resistant, photographic-weight with high finish. Perfect photographic and of recommended this type. Heavyweight Heavyweight, bright white, ultra-smooth with finish. Perfect photographs, and crafts. Cartridges information other products and ideas, www.printlabseries.com the the back cover of EPSON and and information. To and You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridges T048120 T048220 T048320 T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 Bright White inches) S041586 Quality inches) S041062 A4 inches) S041061 inches) S041067 Quality Cards A6 inches) S041054 inches S041809 inches, perforated S041134/S041671 inches) S041141/S041649/ S041272/S041271 inches) S041500 Heavyweight inches S041467 inches) S041457 Double-Sided inches) S041568 inches S041934 inches) S041935 S041727/S041808 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches) S041286/S041667 inches) S041331 inches) S041405 Quality A4 inches) S041106 inches) S041064 Iron-On inches) S041153 Card inches), S041606 perforated A6 inches) S041144 Scrapbook inches) SCR1001 TM Scrapbook inches) SCR1002 The of location.