rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and and copying or of copyrighted While copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each to and of the copyright when using and EPSON, EPSON MicroWeave, and EPSON and PRINT Matching and the PRINT of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. RPM, and PhotoEnhance, EPSON Software, and and EPSON EPSON EPSON PhotoCenter, and SoundAdvice service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those America, Inc. CPD-17240 Copyright Notice of Copyrighted
EPSON R200 full-featured and CD/DVD You from these advanced features: highlights, and of EPSON and and CD and DVD CDs and TM and USB front USB to The front USB or other USB PRINT and R200 these to the PRINT (both P.I.M. and P.I.M. II) About PRINT Matching revolutionary PRINT (P.I.M.) and together to the that PRINT include EPSON, Olympus, Ricoh, and with or www.printimagematching.com to PRINT included with
With PRINT the options each These options sharpness, and brightness and reduction highlight and The this information each JPEG or TIFF with EPSON Software TM Factory TM or the P.I.M. II Photoshop (included with the information to the reproduction. include PRINT technologyyour R200 photo About The (Exchangeable includes information about JPEG/TIFF and them to information such as flash, and and the JPEG/TIFF printeralong with EPSON Software Factory and the P.I.M. II Photoshop the information to the reproduction.
About Software CD-ROM includes the software the sheet instructions. and You cant without Its to to Download instructions Reference information about To the Reference browser, such as Microsoft or or or TM or If browser, the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) You the Reference double-clicking the SP R200 Reference software includes these EPSON Software Factory that and flash. Supports PRINT (P.I.M. and II) and Print. P.I.M. II Photoshop PRINT Matching when JPEG and TIFF from (Compatible with Photoshop and and Photoshop and EPSON CD directly CDs and and graphics professional-looking Works with CDs and EPSON PhotoCenter SM free photo-sharing where and high-resolution and free postcards. to EPSON PhotoCenter with software About Software
About To and its software, the This instructions with and Macintosh, CDs and and information about the SP R200 Reference Please follow these throughout: to injury. to to Notes information about hints
From to and its software as the Whenever the following: the right the and EPSON and EPSON Choose the right each type of Thats why They what of and what type of every Loading the and its the right of the the the the too tightly). the the the
Follow these when the Its brighter or whiter. or the top first. the first, when Dont the arrow the If follow the instructions that with Loading the output and its to the right of the the the too tightly). the each or Select the following when as the or (Macintosh) The as the or (Macintosh) as the From to
instructions selecting these With OS X with OS to Loading To EPSON follow these Loading Capacity Bright White Quality Quality Cards Heavyweight or Scrapbook TM Scrapbook Double-Sided Iron-On Cards Quality with the Its brighter or whiter. If the corner, the right as the the instructions sheets Loading
From the EPSON R200 selected. Click the or Preferences button. (If or Then or Preferences the From to Select Click to software
the following the Select Select Select or Select from these Quality Option rough with reduced Text: text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and or graphics with high information about the or The Quality Option this the of and the highest RPM selected the Advanced the Then instructions selecting RPM. Select the the loaded. Select and then OK At the OK or to Select the type of
this appears and shows the of You these buttons to or You Selecting apply to the that currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the applications, then OK You the necessary. From to Click to Click to or
With OS If OS follow the below to (If using thats with follow the instead.) to the as the From the Select the following Select from the Format Select and Click OK to the From the You this the pull-down and to selected the chose the With OS Select from the Select or Select from the Select from the
Select from the Select the following as necessary: information about the button. The Quality this the of and the highest RPM) selected Advanced then instructions selecting RPM. You choose other selecting these options the pull-down To the of or To options. To ColorSync or the or or off the selected as the to the Summary To of From to Select the type of Select or Black Select higher or Click
To smears sheets or Custom To selections OS from the pull-down Click To the of the when appears the the of OS R200 the You this the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to finished, With OS
with OS to selected the Chooser as the From the Select the following Click OK to the From the Select the following as necessary: Select information about the The Quality this the of and the highest RPM) selected Custom then the Advanced then instructions selecting RPM. From to SP R200 Select higher or Select Select or Select the type of using Select or Black
You the following: Click to layouts, or Click to background and Click then to Click to Click If background EPSON IV from the Application the right of You the EPSON Select then to If using background and to the and the with OS to Click to
Selecting the Correct Select the or what of and the coverage accordingly. this or EPSON Iron-On EPSON Bright White Bright White EPSON Quality EPSON Quality Cards EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON Double-Sided Scrapbook EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Scrapbook EPSON ColorLife EPSON From to Select this or Quality Heavyweight
You advanced higher or selecting of and layouts. On the the Advanced the right of the If Select the following as necessary: Select Quality as Click to RPM the Select as the highest RPM Please that this information about advanced or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first Select (To choose ICM first)
Once finished selecting Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to Select the following as necessary: Select options Select options these to information the or Click OK to then OK or From to Select options and
OS Click Advanced the Select these as necessary: the highest quality, RPM Please that this information or instructions them as them the Click Click to RPM the Select options To from the
OS to On the Custom then Advanced Select these advanced as necessary: Click to RPM the options Select the highest quality, RPM Please that this information advanced or instructions them as them the Click OK. Click From to
You with the the to the of the Although and without these and EPSON Heavyweight EPSON inches) EPSON EPSON EPSON inches) EPSON inches) these sections instructions selecting OS X OS to inches) inches) inches) or
and photo. From the Then or Preferences You the following Select or as the Quality Option Select of the following as the Heavyweight Click the the and OK If to the amount of the and the Select From to
photo orientation. Click OK Click OK or OS and photo. From the You the following R200(Sheet the Format Select of the the or or Select photo Click OK R200
From the Select R200(Sheet the the as chose Select from the Select of the following as the Heavyweight Select Quality the If to the amount of from the and the Click From to Select R200
OS to and photo. From the You the following: Select Click the If to the amount of the and the Select or Click OK From the You the following:
Select of the following as the Heavyweight Quality the Click CDs and includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The EPSON CD software easy to and with of effects. You both and CDs and CDs and Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this You from or such www.pcmall.com, www.warehouse.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. purchase CDs and that Follow the these sections to CDs or Cleaning the CD or DVD CDs and the the From to
Cleaning the CDs or to the You this feeding and ejecting of turned and sheets of loaded. Press the to of the Press the to the and CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or the instructions the and the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Then follow these the the the cover and the CD/DVD CDs and
the CD or DVD the CD/DVD with the white or the the To CD the CD the first, then the CD the the CD when CDs and that the CD and the otherwise the the or the the and the Dont the too and that the exactly. Follow the instructions to with EPSON CD. From to this with CDs
CDs and You EPSON CD to and with graphics, and EPSON CD. Click or EPSON CD EPSON CD OS X: the Applications then the EPSON CD and EPSON CD OS to the EPSON CD and EPSON CD To background the or background You the following: To background of the following: Click the then to the where and OK You thumbnail of the the Select and OK Macintosh: Click Select Background the where the then already chosen background, Click Select to choose background. CDs and
To the template or background, the or background necessary. You the brightness, and or apply or effects, as follows: Click the then the finished OK Macintosh: of the features. Then OK From to
To of the following: Click the text text and the to apply formatting and effects, and OK (To the of Macintosh: Click the text the Text type then of the options the to You options the and To of the text the then the or Then the other that appear. finished, choose as from the to To to it of CD or DVD. the then follow the instructions CDs and
created and CD or DVD, ready to Follow the operating below. the and these selected: R200 as the as the A4 as the CD/DVD as the Click OK the and Click OK The CD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the or the From to
OS the and R200 selected as the Format option and the to A4 Click OK the and Select these R200 as the from the pull-down CD/DVD as the Click The CD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the or the CDs and
OS to the and SP R200 appears the top of the and these selected: A4 as the as the Source Click OK the and Select CD/DVD as the Click The CD and the the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the or the From to
the If and text or the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD. Follow the operating below. the (or CD) the CD and the as EPSON CD. Select from the Click the selected and the Source to then OK Click the Confirmation Click OK The the or CD and the the or CD and the from the of the to the Top and Right with CDs and
the and You this: checked. the Top the the Right the (Right) Click OK to the OS the (or CD) the CD and the as EPSON CD. the and Select R200 selected as the Format option and the to A4 Click OK the and these R200 as the from the pull-down CD/DVD as the Select EPSON CD from the pull-down Click then OK the The the or CD and the From to
the or CD and from the of the to the Top and Right with the and You this: Select the Top as the Top and the Right as the Right Click OK to the OS to the (or CD) the CD and the as EPSON CD. the and Select R200 appears the top of the and these selected: A4 as the as the Click OK CDs and
the and Select CD/DVD as the Select Click then OK the The the or CD and the the or CD and the from the of the to the Top and Right. with the and You this: Select the Top as the Top and the Right as the Right Click OK to the From to
the If smears CDs or to the or CDs from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and then as necessary. You the Brightness and EPSON CD to CDs and instructions. CD or DVD as EPSON CD. Select from the Click the selected and the Source to then Click OK Click the Confirmation Click OK the printed, from the the and the Correction to or as necessary. You three Each location. the Then from the and the to the If to try third this the Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the CDs and
OS CD or DVD as EPSON CD. from the R200 selected as the Format option and the to A4 Click OK the and Select these R200 as the from the pull-down CD/DVD as the Select EPSON CD from the pull-down Click Click the printed, from the Select EPSON CD from the pull-down the and the Correction to or as necessary. You three each location. the to Then and the to the If to third to the Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the From to
OS to CD or DVD as EPSON CD. Select from the SP R200 appears the top of the and these selected: A4 the as the Source Click OK the and Select CD/DVD as the Click the button. Click the printed, from the the and the Correction to or as necessary. You three each location. the to then and the button. If to third to the Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the CDs and
From to
Follow the instructions this chapter to its and to necessary: Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the Transporting the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning This section to clean the head the Head Cleaning Utility. You clean the head holding the the three seconds. (This when the light off.) and least once month to
the Head Cleaning the turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning OS X: the Applications and EPSON Select SP R200 the OK then Head Cleaning OS to Select or from the Click the then Head Cleaning Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds. The and the light flashes. off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than the light flashing, loaded the then of the following: Click then Click Confirmation then Next The If the white or (as shown below),
If the white or (as shown below), Clean to clean the head If cleaning three or four to and You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head Cartridge the light flashes, or the light to the cartridge(s). which or empty. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. light Cartridge
Checking the To the supply, of the following: Double-click the the You this OS X: Choose Applications EPSON SP R200 EPSON OS to From the then the You this Click to information about the
Purchasing Cartridges these EPSON within months of them and the the To EPSON and them. Other products to covered warranty. or the EPSON SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You empty. the the obtained the the head Black T048120 T048220 T048320 T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 Cartridge
Removing and Cartridges Once the the turned (the light should flashing). Then the cover. Press and release the If light off, to If light or flashing, the head to the and the that to the The light to flash. to Press the If than empty, the the If the identified, the head to the You the to which of Checking the Supply information. the cover.
Press the the back of the and the of the of Warning: of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with the Dont the board or Dont touch the board Cartridge
the the with the facing the Then the clicks If to another through with the cover. the cover and the The charging the The light flashes and the Charging about finished, the light flashing and and the light off the while the light flashing, the hasnt or than
the Head If or light or to the head. Turn the sheets of of the following: Right-click the the right of Select Head OS X: the Applications and EPSON Select SP R200 the OK then Head OS to From the or Click the then Head Follow the instructions the to the You this On the the without You to or the Head
Select each to then the of the the the Then Next If cant without choose the thats Then to another and this Next follow the instructions the to the You this On the the without You to or Select each to then the of the the the Then If cant without choose the thats Then to another and this
Cleaning the To its should Turn off the the cord, and the USB the then to the If the or of the dirty, clean with cloth with the cover closed to from If of the off with cloth the shown. Clean Warning: Dont the or other the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning sheets included with they the Cleaning the
Transporting the If to its or of To the when the the cover and the the head the right then off the the from the Then the and USB from the from the then the and the the CD/DVD closed, then the and the the cover. the to the with then the cover. the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If quality, the head the head
to what the of and light Edge USB Rear USB and light and light
the lights below) or Lights Explanation light The flashes charging or cleaning the head. light If the CD/DVD the CD/DVD then the light the flashes light flashes One or the that appears to which or follow the instructions Checking the Supply light One or of or then follow the Cartridge or than and the CDs or the CD/DVD the the CD/DVD the and the CD or DVD Press the to the If the light flashing, the cover and including or torn Then and the to CDs or the CD/DVD the the CD/DVD and the If with the or incorrectly or with the as
Lights Explanation and lights light off; and lights flashing You to whether from the or other Turn off and the USB the the then and release the release the (If the to the head as The CD/DVD when turned the or when the CD/DVD of the head. Turn off the then the and or other Turn the back If the lights flashing, or EPSON as The internal Turn off the seconds, then If the lights flashing, or EPSON as
If the the software USB or or software correctly. If the with the and below. If nothing or EPSON as Where To Turn off the the USB then turn and and and Software The The first the charge its head about charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the the cover closed completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. follow the instructions the to the instructed to connecting the USB connected securely to the and the the shown other including and protection software, and If SP R200 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items and the Chooser
If OS and the or option the Format the to the the instructions. or software correctly, software or XP The USB correctly from the USB properly If If on-screen Reference instructions The nothing the USB connected securely and that the the as If the software correctly. If to as on-screen Reference The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To the head, The properly or that the and
when or awhile. too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the these the Quality Option to or the Quality/Speed to (Macintosh). the Advanced options, MicroWeave off only) and High If connected to USB that the of the
Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. Select higher and off High or the or matches the loaded; the of the Its brighter or whiter. The replacing. To the Head instructions. or smeared. with the The the brighter or whiter of the isnt or curled, or (the should If or curled, of the instructions the You to included or EPSON to and absorption of EPSON the specifications the on-screen Reference the Head instructions. each from the when and
or The head cleaning; instructions. The or To the (Macintosh) matches the loaded; isnt dirty, or If of with the usually brighter or whiter than the other using higher Select higher or instructions. the Head instructions. You to increase the or software You or Black off or selected (Macintosh) when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. The or turning off PhotoEnhance. TM that the or exactly match on-screen to as as You features. or (Macintosh). Colors slightly hours and to the right.
With or wrinkled. If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. feed correctly or the the pulled If feed, from the the right then the the If once, the from the the to the sheets, and If the to clear the If that the the and including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right and the too tight. to curling. CD/DVD and text the CD/DVD. the as smears the CD/DVD or too light. using CDs or the and allow the to least hours the or the as the brightness or as and
Printed CDs or dirty. Clean the as The CD/DVD feed the the CD/DVD as the without or Dont the too with the exactly as Printout The inverted. Turn off the the Advanced or the (If EPSON Iron-On the should inverted.) The selected, or the active OS X) or the Chooser OS to The head cleaning; The incorrect. the the the to the right of the the the software instructions choosing the The within the of the Specifications on-screen Reference or incorrect. the and options correctly. match the width/height of the or and to
You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then selected software, or as the active the or Chooser. If USB the directly to instead. Too that the option software or Uninstalling Software You to and then and this necessary when operating You to EPSON CD, Factory, the P.I.M. II or on-screen Reference off or the while the software. Double-click the (If XP then Select the Select Click EPSON Software the and the Change/Remove and XP). Select EPSON R200 then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. If or EPSON USB Devices the then the then the to software. Uninstalling Software
OS Applications then the Double-click the Select EPSON R200 then Select EPSON R200(Sheet then Macintosh, then the to software. OS to the software CD-ROM. Double-click the SPR200 CD-ROM necessary), then and the Double-click the OS then SPR200 the Uninstall from the pull-down then the Uninstall button. Follow the instructions and when then the to software.
Where To EPSON technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service Access World From the reach EPSON At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone of services Services hours To these services, tone and EPSON SoundAdvice SM this to the EPSON R200 SoundAdvice. To to technical representative, U.S.: to through and to to through or charges apply. Please the following information ready: Product (EPSON R200) Product (located the back of the and its of purchase (such as and of purchase and operating of the You purchase and from the EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Where To
and Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or Microsoft 98SE, or XP At least 256MB RAM (512MB recommended) 200MB (300MB or recommended) VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software Windows-compliant USB shielded USB AB to To and its software, should Apple TM TM G3, G4, or G5, or with built-in USB OS through OS or higher OS or recommended) At least 256MB RAM OS through (512MB Recommended); 512MB RAM OS At least 200MB (300MB or recommended) VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software shielded USB AB to
Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. the outlet where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the and from of interference, such as or locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the It the to off the Dont switch off the or the the off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. and Notices
the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them with the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours using this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the to the to the Instructions
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 and Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/ or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: B261A NERGY TAR NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Declaration of Conformity
America, Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and This warranty This warranty cover or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or and Notices
to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If claimed or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to America, Inc. P.O. CA Inc. Warranty
and Notices