COVER1.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Notices............................................................................................... Introduction....................................................................................... and Functions Loading Selecting Loading the Sheet Printouts Accessing to Memory Card from of DPOF Cartridges............................................................... and Transporting.................................................... Quality Cleaning the Transporting the Troubleshooting and Customer and Specifications.......................................................................... R4CG25P
R4CG25P NOTICE.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Notices Instructions of the instructions this section Also, to follow and instructions the or the and the the type of indicated the only the that with this of another fire or shock. AC the or cord. If with the that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the casing the normally or performance. choosing the the that the of the If the the than the back of the and the The properly or the its or from the to and humidity. Also, the from sunlight, light, or heat Notices enough around the to allow the outlet where the easily the to the LCD The LCD bright or These and that they cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the of the reach of allow to from or the the this when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the this the immediately from its If the IC the back of the Doing operation and
NOTICE.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The International NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused Their and Copyrights and of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS of Corporation. PRINT of Corporation. The PRINT of Corporation. USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. The USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and of Apple Computer, Inc. DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and of Corporation. SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights R4CG25P Notices
R4CG25P INTRO.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Introduction as the to this to: memory from or from memory to This to these things without turning when to or instructions the with the on-screen the when the software. Please follow these as instructions: Warning: to injury. to to Notes information about Introduction Procedure then the to the memory memory to the Memory Card Select the to Select Select the the Select the type the Press the button. Loading the and
PART.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Parts and Functions USB thickness memory light memory and Functions R4CG25P cover USB cover head
R4CG25P PART.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Function On Press to the and off. Press to the of type Press to the type. Paper-Heavyweight Bright White Stop/Clear Press to or clear or the Press to with the the to the Press to or A4 as the of the the You of these from memory directly. Photo/Options Press to the to or to the and and Functions Press to from memory Select from the following. (Lights which selected.) Press to options. Select Select this options to choose the to All/PictBridge Select this option to the memory or to the DPOF information the memory or to directly from Select this to of
LOAD.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Loading The type of choose affects the to the Selecting If rough of the to of this Select this to Heavyweight (Recycled to Bright White to Loading the Follow these to the then the Loading Capacity the then the the to the of then to the the the right of the with the The usually whiter or R4CG25P Loading
R4CG25P LOAD.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: the of the and fits the arrow the first, A4 and the the of the too tightly). enough front of the the to ejected. Loading Printouts With photographs from years. The to light when with and the properly displayed or with and life: that or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from high and and of sunlight. that or acid-free, commonly stores. to follow other and instructions included the
ACCSS.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Accessing to Memory Card memory that the top of the the right as shown the Loading memory other than those shown the memory or both. type of memory the memory another of memory the cover when the memory to the memory from electricity. If the memory when the the to malfunction. the Memory Memory PRO Card, and Memory the with Memory Card Press the On to the cover. the memory as as the as shown below. the memory light the cover. Removing memory the memory light flashing, then the straight of the while the memory light flashing; R4CG25P of CompactFlash/ Memory Stick/ Memory PRO/ Memory Memory PRO Memory Stick/ Memory SD Card/ Card*/ Card/ Card M/ memory light the reads and counts the of Accessing to
R4CG25P ACCSS.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: from PictBridge and USB Direct directly to memory from the (If from instead of the the type of to the to the type and the USB that with to the USB the front of the reads and counts to the to and If with PictBridge or USB Direct Print, this appears the LCD the of of the reflected the Accessing to
BASIC.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Press the to Select The following appears. Press the or Photo/Options to the to Press the or to choose the of to that to and Press the type to the type. Selecting Press the to the Press the to Press the to All/PictBridge The following screen appears. Press the type to the type. Selecting Press the to the Press the or to choose the of to to Press the to sheet of the memory as thumbnails A4 A4 to Press the to The the type to and the to A4. The following appears. Press the to DPOF If DPOF Format), to which and to to choose with DPOF, then memory The reads and memory that DPOF Once memory loaded, the DPOF appears the LCD and the becomes the of selected Press the to R4CG25P If there DPOF information the memory of the the All/PictBridge selected. To of the the memory the DPOF information from You other than A4
R4CG25P INK.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Cartridges Checking the supply the this appears the of the LCD Follow these to supply. Press the Press the or to then the You graphic showing the amount of each Appears when C and BK the the You empty. Precautions of the instructions this section the Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or immediately. To the the head hand. empty, the other the the obtained the the head To and them. Other products that covered warranties, and IC each the amount of from the and then of its used. each the the its reliability. Cartridges LCD that the then cover. of the following: If the the LCD to which empty, then the If the Then the the or to Cartridges then the At the the Press the and the cover. The to the the head hand, as this the the to
INK.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: LCD the from the to the the of the when from the or tear the the otherwise, the IC the front of the This the to the immediately following the of the If the promptly, the head to the cover. the of the that to the of the and of properly. the or to LCD R4CG25P the vertically the Then, the clicks finished the the cover and the cover. Press the The head and charging of the the charging finished, the head to its The On to while the the charging operation. off the while this light flashing. Doing charging of If the the head to its the properly. Press the Stop/Clear and the clicks Cartridges
R4CG25P MAINT.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: and Transporting Quality Cleaning the head If unexpectedly light or or or to the head. This the they properly. head cleaning the least once month to Follow these to clean the head from the the turned and the or displayed. If to Press the Press the or to Clean Head then the The and cleaning about seconds. cleaning to the head clean. A4 the the to then the off the or the cleaning process. the printed. and straight should with the as shown below: If Press the Stop/Clear to finish. If there (as shown below), the to clean the head and Transporting If cleaning three or four the You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head the head If or to the head. You the head from the or software. the A4 Quality the whenever the head the turned and A4 loaded. Press the Press the or to Head then the The following printed.
MAINT.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: the each and the patch which printed, with noticeable or Press the or to highlight the the to then the to the and finished, the Stop/Clear Cleaning the To its should clean Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the then to clean or from the Clean the of the with cloth. cloth to the LCD or cleaners the LCD If the off the shown below cloth. Warning: the the to grease the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and the and or the apply grease to the the head R4CG25P Clean and Transporting
R4CG25P MAINT.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Transporting the If to its or of To the when the Turn the the head the right then off the the from the Then the from the memory from the from the the and the the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the output and the the and its the the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If the head the head and Transporting the to the
TRBLE.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Troubleshooting You and the the LCD If the the the following and the recommended The that when using this to the computer-related with Cartridge installed. the sheet Clear then the button. There enough the to head cleaning. There with the the the Then to or Stop/Clear to or Turn the off and then back If the clear, authorized service or R4CG25P authorized service or The nearly saturated. authorized service or The memory the memory and Memory the memory and The connected the and thickness to the the thickness to the and try memory memory and Troubleshooting
R4CG25P TRBLE.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: and Quality You (light or that the of the the the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the head the Head the head within months their the LCD If the displayed, the Cartridges that the selected the the type of the or the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the head the Head the head that the selected the the type of the You or the Head Cleaning Cleaning the head If incorrect or the If the the If that the the expired. Also, the the with or smeared that and that the that the the correct. Troubleshooting If (or of beneath the or or allow to with the of with finish. allow the to hours them. the Head Cleaning Cleaning the head the Head the head and the Feed/Paper function If the the this the of the with clean cloth. Cleaning the Printout the Head Cleaning to clear Cleaning the head or appear the and the Feed/Paper function
TRBLE.FM A4 K. CRE Proof Sign-off: Not Correctly feed correctly or If feed, from the the the right and the the too tightly). too sheets once the arrow the information. If frequently, the too tightly the sheets of The should the arrow the information and follow the instructions that with You the too the Turn the off and the Then the Not LCD off Press the On to that the Turn off the and that the securely that and switch or LCD displays or If the LCD displays warning or follow the instructions. of and LCD and then The match the outlet Turn off the and immediately. Then, the If the match, DO NOT PLUG YOUR PRINTER BACK IN. head If the cover or the head to its the cover and the they Canceling If while to To the Stop/Clear The and that the immediately. Feed/Paper function sheets of A4 Press the to the Press the or to Feed/Eject Press the to to and the finished, the Stop/Clear R4CG25P Troubleshooting
R4CG25P TRBLE.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Customer Technical to and the section of EPSON the and other downloadables. Technical with that the troubleshooting information If and to the the Contacting Customer If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Troubleshooting
SPEC.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: and Cartridge Black T0551 T0552 T0553 T0554 offers specially to high-quality The following memory only. A4 S041285, S041297 A4 S041332 Bright White A4 S041442 A4 S041258, Paper-Heavyweight S041259 A4 S041927 The of location. the information the Technical Specifications These specifications only operation. Printable of the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or S041706, S041729, S041730, S041750 specifications A4 distributed Thickness to to inch.) to reduce and or other If switch to higher of to C to F) to RH R4CG25P yellow)
R4CG25P SPEC.FM A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Cartridge Cartridge Within months of the 25C [77F] to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) recommends the of to caused the of the the expired. the The the amount of IC the the the IC that empty. About capacity Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) Width: inches) Depth: inches) inches) without the to to Rated to to Rated A) A) (ISO10561 the the back of the the of Operation: to 35C to 95F) Operation: to RH Compatible Memory Cards Memory Card the information memory or office. Memory Card Format DCF or JPEG, DOSFAT (FAT or with DCF to of to containing characters when directly from memory and Directive 73/23/EEC EMC Directive EN Class 89/336/EEC Australian EMC AS/NZS CISPR22 (ISO10561 Supports EN EN EN EN
LIST.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: and with and the the Clear then the There enough the to head cleaning. or service. service. Warning R4CG25P nearly service. Not photo memory Memory thickness The photo includes P.I.F.
R4CG25P LIST.fm A4 K. CRE Sign-off: Information memory Processing. PictBridge connected. USB Direct connected. the thickness to the thickness to sheet PC connected. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX DPOF found. Press the to Press the to this Clean Head. Press the to this Press the to this Head Press the to this Cartridges Press the to this and Press the to this