R320 R320 Unpack Unpack everything from the Software CD-ROM the and from the the and the cover. Then the the CD/DVD closed completely. the the Turn On the Turn On the the grounded STOP: the to instructed to the USB section Software. Press the to the CAUTION: switch, such as switch or switch, to the or off. CPD-18377 XXX the the Cartridges Cartridges CD the and the Reference CD CD/DVD the cover. the Dont the board or the cover and the each its with the board facing the front. The of the should match the the Then each it seated. the cover. Press the and the cover. CAUTION: Dont off the or charging while the light flashing or displayed the LCD charging. charging finished, OK Turn
R320 Unpack Unpack everything from the the and from the the and the cover. Then the the CD/DVD closed completely. Turn On the Turn On the R320 the grounded STOP: the to instructed to the USB section Software. Press the to the CAUTION: switch, such as switch or switch, to the or off. CPD-18377 XXX the the Cartridges Cartridges CD the and the Reference CD Software CD-ROM CD/DVD the cover. the the the the cover and the each its with the facing the front. The of the should match the the Then each seated. the cover. Press the and the cover. CAUTION: Dont off the or charging while the light flashing or the LCD charging finished, OK Dont the board or Turn
Turn On the Turn On the the grounded STOP: the to instructed to the USB section Software. Press the to turn the CAUTION: switch, such as switch or switch, to the or off. CPD-18377 XXX the the Cartridges Cartridges the and the Reference the cover. R320 Unpack Unpack CD CD Software CD-ROM CD/DVD the CD/DVD closed completely. the the R320 everything from the the and from the the and the cover. Then the the Dont the board or the cover and the each its with the facing the front. The of the should match the the Then each seated. the cover. Press the and the cover. CAUTION: Dont off the or charging while the light flashing or displayed the LCD charging finished, OK
sheets of and them the right of the the the NOTE: instructions and CDs or Software Software The software with 98SE, and XP. NOT connected to then follow the below. Turn the to then the CD-ROM NOTE: If this, and the from Then follow the below. the that appears and AGREE You this: Click OK to this the of USB to the back of the and the of the USB to (You to NOTE: XP, USB Click the to the while this Follow the on-screen instructions to software. this Click each title to learn about If to the software, follow the on-screen instructions. software, The appears. Follow the on-screen instructions to to OK the CD, then NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. The software with OS and OS through to the of USB to the and the of the USB to (You to Turn Macintosh. to then the CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM necessary, then EPSON. the that appears and AGREE You the Click and and follow the instructions. OS X, to each Click EPSON CD then and follow the instructions. NOTE: EPSON CD OS Click Optional Software You the following Click each title to learn about If to the software, follow the on-screen instructions. finished software, the and the Optional Software From the to on-screen Reference software, The appears. Follow the instructions to to the section operating to OS through the Applications then the and or If this On the the On the USB from the Click R320 NOTE: If the R320 appear, turned and securely connected to Macintosh. Click the You the R320 the or the Utility. NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. OS the Chooser from the Apple then these SP R320 USB Background or off) the Chooser NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. ready to instructions, these Learn about and Reference easy to without on-screen Reference Double-click the ESPR320 Reference to information about and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX-XX.XX
sheets of and them the right of the the the NOTE: instructions and CDs or Software Software The software with 98SE, and XP. NOT connected to then follow the below. Turn the CD-ROM to then the NOTE: If this, and the from Then follow the below. Read the that appears AGREE and You this: to OK Click this the of USB to the back of the and the of the USB to (You to NOTE: XP, USB to Click the the while this Follow the on-screen instructions to software. this Click each title to learn about If to the software, follow the on-screen instructions. software, The appears. Follow the on-screen instructions to to OK the CD, then NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. The software with OS and OS through to the of USB to the and the of the USB to (You to Turn Macintosh. to then the CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM necessary, then EPSON. the that appears and AGREE You the Click and and follow the on-screen instructions. OS X, to each Click EPSON CD then and follow the on-screen instructions. NOTE: EPSON CD OS Click Optional Software You the following Click each title to learn about If to the software, follow the on-screen instructions. finished software, the and the Optional Software From the to on-screen Reference software, The appears. Follow the on-screen instructions to to the section operating to OS through the Applications then the and or If this On the the On the USB from the Click R320 NOTE: If the R320 appear, turned and securely connected to Macintosh. Click the You the R320 the or the Utility. NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. OS the Chooser from the Apple then these SP R320 USB Background or off) the Chooser NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. ready to instructions, these Learn about and Reference easy to without on-screen Reference Double-click the ESPR320 Reference to information about and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX-XX.XX
this Click each title to learn about If to the software, follow the on-screen instructions. The software, appears. Follow the instructions to OK to the CD, then NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. and OS through The software with OS to the of USB to the and the of the USB to (You to Turn to then the CD-ROM Double-click the CD-ROM necessary, then EPSON. the that appears AGREE and You the and follow and Click the on-screen instructions. OS X, to each then EPSON CD Click and follow the on-screen instructions. NOTE: EPSON CD OS Optional Software Click You the following Click each title to learn about If to the software, follow the on-screen instructions. finished software, the the and Optional Software to on-screen From the Reference The appears. software, Follow the on-screen instructions to to the section operating to NOTE: instructions and CDs or Software Software NOTE: If this, and the from Then follow the below. to OK Click NOTE: XP, USB to Click the the while sheets of and them the right of the the the The software with 98SE, and XP. NOT to then follow the below. Turn the CD-ROM to then the the that appears AGREE and click You this: this the of USB to the back of the and the of the USB to (You to this Follow the on-screen instructions to software. OS through the Applications then the and or If this On the the On the USB from the Click R320 NOTE: If the R320 appear, turned and securely connected to Click the You the R320 the or the Utility. NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. OS the Chooser from the Apple then these SP R320 USB Background or off) the Chooser NOTE: to to of software features. ready to section Print. ready to instructions, these Learn about and Reference easy to without on-screen Reference Double-click the ESPR320 Reference to information about and of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX-XX.XX