R2880 Unpack If as the back. the and (There the than shown below.) Turn the the Press the button. There the included. One the Black or Black the Black to and the Black to and art ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Dont the cover, then the cover. the four or clicking sound when them.) Unpack the the from each Dont from the or the the each Press the they click. the cover and clicks. the cover. Press the to charge the Charging about To off the while the light flashing. 1-F C 1-F You and and the the and the the and the the right and the Then the and to the of the Dont the sideways. first. Rear You these the and the White UltraSmooth Scrapbook Exhibition from the and the the and the pulled 1-F 1-F
Turn the the R2880 Unpack Press the If as the back. the and (There the than shown below.) There the included. One the Black or Black the Black to and the Black to and art ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Dont the cover, then the cover. the four or clicking sound when them.) Unpack the the yellow from each Dont from the or the the each Press the they click. the cover and clicks. the cover. Press the to the Charging about To off the while the light flashing. 1-F C 1-F Sheet You and and the the and the the and the the right and the Then the and to the of the Dont the sideways. first. feed You these the and the rear White UltraSmooth Scrapbook Exhibition from the and the the output and the pulled 1-F 1-F
R2880 Unpack If as the back. the and (There the than shown below.) the from each Turn the the Dont from the or Press the the the each Press the they click. There the included. One the Black or Black the Black to and the Black to and art ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Dont the cover and clicks. the cover, then the cover. the cover. the four or clicking sound when them.) Press the to charge the Charging about Unpack the To off the while the light flashing. 1-F C 1-F You and and the the and the the and the the right and the Then the and to the of the Dont the first. Rear feed You these the and the feed White UltraSmooth Scrapbook Exhibition from the and the the and the 1-F 1-F
Turn the the R2880 Unpack Press the There the included. One the Black or Black the Black to and the Black to and art ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Dont the cover, then the cover. the four or clicking sound when them.) Unpack the If anything as the back. the and (There the than shown below.) only the yellow from each You and and the the and the Dont from the or the the each the and the Press the they click. the right and the Then the and to the of the the and clicks. the cover. Dont the sideways. first. feed You these the and the Press the to charge the Charging about White UltraSmooth Scrapbook Exhibition from the sheet and the the and the pulled To off the while light flashing. the 1-F C 1-F 1-F 1-F
the the back of the the to the right. the the notches its with the the back of the Then the the top of the with Turn the the correctly. of the right then the Dont first. the the and there the slightly. the feeding the of instructions CD or DVD, or thick the or on-screen Reference software software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and and OS to the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the Software CD. With the the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. this the first option and Next the connected to through If using the option, Next and to prompted, the USB to and then to of USB If the securely connected and turned Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. the CD. If the Black to the Select the Black Cartridge the instructions. ready to the NOT CONNECTED to the Software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. prompted, the USB to USB and then to of the USB the securely connected and turned OS users: to Other users: with this the Follow the the right of the to the R2880. Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. the CD. If the Black to it the Select the Black Cartridge the instructions. ready to 1-B C 1-B Instructions and Information Click the R2880 Reference shortcut easy to the R2880 Reference and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software Select or when software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and and the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This RC that those of Its E and thickness photographic and bright white, with and photographic the below to Its as easy as Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Light Black and and of Corporation. UltraSmooth and service of Inc. Notice: other the property of their respective owners. This information to without America, Inc. CPD-25202 the to the right and with when purchasing R2880 Cartridges Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Light Black Light Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B SM
software the the back of the the to the right. software with XP, XP Professional Edition, and and OS to the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that the the notches its with the the back of the Then the the top of the with the Software CD. With the the Account Click and follow the on-screen instructions. Turn the the correctly. this the first option and Next the connected to through of the right then the If using the option, Next and to prompted, the USB to and then to of USB Dont sideways. first. the the and there the slightly. the feeding the of If the securely and turned Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. instructions CD or DVD, or thick Reference or the the CD. If the Black to the Select the Black Cartridge the instructions. ready to the NOT CONNECTED to the Software CD. Double-click the Click and follow the instructions. prompted, the USB to USB and then to of the USB the securely connected and turned OS users: to Other users: with this the Follow the the right of the to the R2880. Click Next necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. the CD. If the Black to the Select the Black Cartridge the instructions. ready to 1-B C 1-B Instructions and Information Click the R2880 Reference shortcut easy to the R2880 Reference and software downloads. You purchase and with software Select or when using software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and and the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This RC photo that those of Its E and thickness photographic and bright white, with and photographic the below to Its as easy as Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Light Black and and of Corporation. UltraSmooth and service of America, Inc. Notice: other the property of their respective owners. This information to without America, Inc. CPD-25202 the to the right and with when purchasing R2880 Cartridges Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Light Black Light Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
the the back of the the to the right. the sheet the notches its with the the back of the Then the the top of the with Turn the the correctly. of the right then the Dont first. the the and there the slightly. the feeding the of instructions CD or DVD, or thick Reference or the software the NOT CONNECTED to XP, XP Professional Edition, software with to and OS and NOT CONNECTED the to the Software CD. If Found New and the USB You cant software that Double-click the Click and follow the on-screen instructions. CD. Software the With the the Account prompted, the USB to USB and then to of the USB the securely connected and turned and follow the on-screen instructions. Click this the first option and Next the connected to through If the option, and to Next OS users: to Other users: with this the prompted, the USB to and then to of USB Follow the the right of the to the R2880. Click Next necessary. If the securely connected and turned Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. the CD. Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. If the Black to the Select the Black Cartridge the instructions. the CD. If the Black to the Select the Black Cartridge instructions. the ready to ready to 1-B C 1-B Instructions and Information Click the R2880 Reference shortcut easy to the R2880 Reference and software downloads. You purchase and On-screen with software Select or when using software. Technical and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and and the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This RC that those of Its E and thickness photographic and bright white, with and photographic the below to Its as easy as Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Light Black and and of Corporation. UltraSmooth and service of Inc. Notice: other the property of their respective owners. This information to without America, Inc. CPD-25202 the to the right and with when purchasing R2880 Cartridges Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Light Black Light Printed XXXXXX 1-B 1-B SM
If the securely connected and turned software XP, XP Professional Edition, software with to and OS and NOT CONNECTED the to If New and the USB You cant software that CD. Software the With the the Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click Next this the first option and the connected to through If using the option, and to Next prompted, the USB to and then to of USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the of the software. the CD. If the Black to the Select the Black Cartridge instructions. the ready to the the back of the the to the right. the the notches its with the the back of the Then the the top of the with Turn the the correctly. of the right then the Dont first. the the and there the slightly. the feeding the of instructions CD or DVD, or thick or on-screen the Reference NOT CONNECTED the to Instructions and Information CD. Software the Click the R2880 Reference shortcut easy to the R2880 Reference and software downloads. You purchase and with software Select or when software. Technical Double-click the and follow the on-screen instructions. Click and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and prompted, the USB to USB and then to of the USB the securely connected and and the right the right purchase them SM www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This RC photo that those of Its E and thickness photographic and bright white, with and photographic OS users: to Other users: with the this the below to Its as easy as Light Light Black Black Light Black Light Follow the the right of the to the R2880. Light Black and and of Corporation. UltraSmooth and service of Inc. Notice: other the property of their respective owners. This information to without Inc. CPD-25202 necessary. Next Click the to the right and with when purchasing R2880 Cartridges Follow the instructions to the of the software. Light Light Black Black the CD. If the Black to the Select the Black Cartridge instructions. the Light Black Light Light Black Light ready to Printed XXXXXX 1-B C 1-B 1-B 1-B