Directly CDs The the photo from memory directly to CD-R, DVD-R, or without You from CDs, and You right from its You the head or other or the TM and Matching and the Matching of Corporation. and PhotoEnhance of America, Inc. Other and of their respective owners. and rights those PM to choose Memory Card Press the Memory Card Press or to highlight OK then to the OK Press to the Press to to the other Follow these Press the or Factory to highlight Press OK Press Other Great information these features, or on-screen Wirelessly PDA, You Bluetooth or other to to wirelessly with optional Bluetooth Automatically You with PhotoEnhance the If PRINT (P.I.M.) or these features to the CPD-20397 Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX You CDs or CDs without or the included EPSON CD software. R340 Reference Without to the Press to and from memory and Press to searching Press and to the or off CDs or and Choose such as and options LCD Screen and choose to or selection to or choose selection Stop and
PM Memory Card CompactFlash or TM Memory SD TM or MMC TM (right) Card TM (right) the indicating that memory The reads and counts the NOTE: The the first only. If troubleshooting information. Loading the the right of the the the Press the Memory Card to choose Memory Card Press or to highlight and then OK Press or to through (Press and of the buttons to the shown the LCD, to Press the Press or to highlight then Press or to highlight the type to the right), then OK Press or to highlight then Choose then OK Press OK then and the to photo. Prints You layouts, manually or automatically, and the or to Press the Memory Card to choose Memory Card Press or to highlight and of or then OK Choose necessary, then Press or to highlight then Choose of the then OK Press or to highlight Format or Format then Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight of these then Quality: Choose Higher or Highest Choose Black White or Brightness: Choose Brighter Brightest or Choose Higher or Highest Sharpness: Choose Sharpest or Saturation: Choose Higher Highest or Lowest as necessary, then OK Bright White Quality Scrapbook Card Heavyweight TM Scrapbook
Loading the the right of the the the to choose Memory Card Press the Memory Card Memory Press or to highlight and OK then Press or to through (Press and of the to quickly.) TM (right) the shown the LCD, to Press the Press or to highlight then PM Memory Card CompactFlash TM or TM SD or MMC TM Card (right) the indicating that memory The reads and counts the NOTE: The the first only. If troubleshooting information. Press or to highlight the type to the right), then OK Press or to highlight then Choose then OK Press OK then and the to photo. Prints You layouts, manually or automatically, and the or to Press the Memory Card to choose Memory Card Press or to highlight and of or then OK Choose necessary, then Press or to highlight then Choose of the then OK Press or to highlight Format or Format then Press or to highlight then OK Press or to highlight of these then Quality: Choose Higher or Highest Choose Black White or Brightness: Choose Brighter Brightest or Choose Higher or Highest Sharpness: Choose Sharpest or Saturation: Choose Higher Highest or Lowest as necessary, then OK Bright White Quality Scrapbook Card Heavyweight TM Scrapbook
PM Press the Memory Card to choose Memory Card Press or to highlight then OK Press OK to the Press to the to to the other Follow these Press the or to highlight Factory Press Press OK Other Great information these features, or on-screen Wirelessly You Bluetooth PDA, or other to to wirelessly with optional Bluetooth You with PhotoEnhance the If PRINT Matching (P.I.M.) or these features to the and and the Matching of Corporation. ColorLife and PhotoEnhance of Inc. CPD-20397 America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Directly CDs You CDs or CDs without or using the included EPSON CD software. The the photo from memory directly to CD-R, DVD-R, or without You from CDs, and You right from its You the head or other or using the TM R340 Reference Without to the Press to and from memory and Press to searching Press and to the or off CDs or and Choose such as and options LCD Screen and choose to or selection to or choose selection Stop and