February PM CPD-16981R1 XXX
February PM and and PRINT and the PRINT Matching of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc.
February PM know and RX500 without the instructions this these Copying 6-inch from memory Theres with RX500! and instructions the RX500, instructions RX500 and to the
February PM Copying to of 6-inch using the the of the together as the the to the the
copyand February PM of the right of the sheet the and the of the first, as shown. the the the the too tightly). the back the first
copyand February PM the the the corner. about inch from the top and the scanned.
February PM the Press the On to the RX500. while Copy LCD and buttons On Press the Copy Press the You this Press the OK Press the to the to Copy Press Press the OK OK Copy Copy
copyand February PM Press the LCD buttons as indicated these type choose Press the copied. If to copying, the Stop Canceling appears the LCD and the ejected.
February PM from Memory Card to 6-inch directly from memory First to and memory Then and to the to Finally, and Loading and Memory Card the the of the together as the the to the
February PM the the right of the the the the the too tightly).
February PM the back the Press the On to the RX500. while the memory cover. On Memory cover
February PM memory the to force the than CompactFlash or Memory SD or MMC The memory light the memory cover. The appears the LCD (top) OK (top)
February PM Selecting and Press the Memory Card OK Memory Index appears the LCD (If appear, the top LCD repeatedly appears.) Press the OK Press the to the the Scan appears the LCD OK 2.Scan OK
February PM memory the memory that from the Choose the or to On the to the each to At the of the the Press the OK The the appears the the
copyand February PM the of and the right of the sheet the and the of the first, as shown. the the the the too tightly). first
February PM the back the the and the the the corner. the Then the photo(s) and printed.
February PM What You Can There with RX500. instructions of these and the built-in and to and photographs. and from RX500 as memory to from memory to If P.I.M. (PRINT Matching TM or these features when from memory
copyand February PM If or them back to the Restoration software. You this or EPSON Scan. the then the Restoration the that appears. The EPSON Scan, choose or Professional Then the Restoration (You to to this option.) the Scanning chapter information about Restoration.
February PM
copyand February PM Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX