SP RX600 Thursday, PM
SP RX600 Thursday, PM rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted and photocopiers and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and MicroWeave, and and PRINT and the PRINT Matching of Corporation. ColorLife, RPM, and PhotoEnhance, and Performance and and SoundAdvice service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-17418 Copyright Notice
SP RX600 Thursday, PM The RX600 the of and stand-alone copying with It includes these features: memory that CompactFlash and II, SD required), MMC Card, Memory Stick, Memory PRO, Memory DUO required), Memory Stick, and IBM Supports which without of Includes built-in and or Includes USB to PictBridge or USB You CD-ROM or to from memory or to from CD. Includes to to their Supports revolutionary PRINT Matching and the (Exchangeable With both information, such as and with each JPEG or You P.I.M. or directly from memory the or ArcSoft PhotoImpression, included the software CD-ROM.
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Where You Can Information You with RX600! the below to information of the features. What Text Copy text Scan text Text and Copy: the RX600 as to of and white or RX600 the Copy to Print: or Scan: To the RX600 the RX600 as to Scan to memory Scan and the memory RX600 Copy: the Copy to Print: or (Macintosh). Scan: Scan to or Scan the RX600 buttons. RX600 from or without Scan to memory Scan or and the memory RX600 Scan: Scan or with Scan. Scan and from the option the RX600
SP RX600 Thursday, PM What Memory Card and FAX Print: of and from with thumbnails of and to choose which to RX600 to CD-R or memory without the RX600 as of memory when memory the RX600 and to RX600 Scan and Color: when or to memory and Color: when from or RX600 Scan and Color: and other Scan. and Color: when and with the option RX600 and software. the RX600 Where You Can Information
SP RX600 Thursday, PM About To RX600 and its software, the 6-inch copying, and from when using RX600 without the to Copy and This information, warranty, and instructions Loading Copying with and without the software and including instructions creating Scan to high-quality of and memory including and the to and other including USB and Bluetooth the RX600 At the of the and instructions and the RX600, on-screen Reference To its Notes, and Please follow these throughout: followed to to to Notes information about RX600. hints copying, scanning, and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM About Software software CD-ROM includes of the software scanning, and the instructions. and You cant from without Its to free to and software. Download instructions software Scan) and You cant from without on-screen Reference information about RX600. To the on-screen Reference such as Microsoft or or or TM or If the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) You the Reference double-clicking the software CD-ROM includes these easy, scanning, copying, and ArcSoft PhotoImpression editing, retouching, or and with and About Software
SP RX600 Thursday, PM
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Loading Follow the below to RX600. of the back cover of this Loading below Loading Loading Loading the the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Press the of the together and the to the the right of the the Press the of the together and the too tightly). the front of the the back the Loading
SP RX600 Thursday, PM to: with the Its brighter or whiter. the first, when inch the arrow the or top first. If follow the instructions that with the Loading the the to first, and the right of the the the front of the Loading
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Press the of the together and the too tightly). each or that too thin; they Select the following when as the or The as the or as the instructions selecting these Macintosh Loading first, and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Loading To follow these type Loading Bright White Quality Quality Cards sheets Heavyweight Scrapbook Scrapbook Cards Iron-On Quality Double-Sided ColorLife with the Its brighter or whiter. the first, when inch the instructions sheets Loading
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Loading
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Copying You RX600 photocopier, or with the software. Copying Without Computer below Copying With Computer Copying Without Press the On to the RX600. the photo or the the about inch from the as shown. the or about inch from the the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If or the of the the of photo or copied. To thick the Turn off the RX600, and the completely. Then the from the TPU and the straight Turn the RX600 and the to the as finished, to turn off the RX600 the and the the the Press the of the together and the to the the right of the sheet the Copying
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Press the of the together and the too tightly). the front of the the back the Press the Copy to the RX600 to Copy Copy the top of the LCD This photo or with If to such as with the then the Copy Copying Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the and buttons to choose options below. the and to Choose the of to to Reduce/Enlarge Choose from these Prints the its or the as to the selected In/Out Manually the of from to Select to reduce or Select the type of the from these Loaded Bright White Quality Iron-On Quality Cards Copying Converts the (to the of the arrow) to the finished (to the right of the arrow)
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Heavyweight Double-Sided Scrapbook Scrapbook Choose the of the the (Not types.) Quality Choose (rough Text text and art (high of or (highest of Press the or the B&W and white photo or copied. the while or right. To the Stop Canceling appears the LCD and the ejected. the as Copying Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the Copy RX600 offers copying. Press the to the Copy the LCD This Copy Choose Copy with the and buttons and the and buttons to of the options the below. Copy with 0.12-inch as to to the of or 10-inch Margins with 0.06-inch around the Prints or or to as as with originals four originals Copying
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Copy Prints the sheets or that together to the once and each of that or other cloth of the photo the selected **If reduced the of the choose OK Copying Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM or Press the to the Copy the LCD Press the to choose C Press the to or the to Press the OK to back to the and Copy You of copying 7-inch You then selecting and the The the LCD Then OK If to of This previously To the Recalled the LCD Then OK Canceling To the Stop Canceling appears the LCD and ejected. Restoring If to and to their follow these Press the the and buttons to choose to Factory Press OK then OK to You that restored. Press OK Copying
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Copying With Follow these to EPSON to with features, such as PhotoEnhance TM and when copying from the Press the On to the RX600. the or the the about inch from the as shown. the or about inch from the the If photo or the of the the of photo or copied. To thick the Turn off the RX600, and the completely. Then the from the TPU and the straight Turn the RX600 and the to the as finished, to turn off the RX600 the and the Copying With
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the output the Press the of the together and the to the Copying
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the right of the the Press the of the together and it the too tightly). the front of the the back the Double-click the EPSON to You selecting or EPSON EPSON On Macintosh, from the Applications Copying With
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Click the Copy You the Copy of the following Source Text or Text based the of Reduce/Enlarge Choose based the of and or to to reduce or by. clicking the and buttons. of Click the and buttons to choose the of Press the to Copying Stop Copy
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Click the to input and You should EPSON RX600 as the input and Click to the displayed (such as or options. Click the to or effects: Click Click Copying With
SP RX600 Thursday, PM or the (This the and appearance the or light background to appear or and white brightness, or Click the Copy to copying. the while copying, or right. If to the Stop information the on-screen or the Copying
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From software as the Whenever the following: the right the and and Choose the right each type of Thats why They RX600 what of using and what type of Follow the instructions these Macintosh Selecting
SP RX600 Thursday, PM software follow these to using basic From the You this Select EPSON RX600 EPSON RX600 selected. Click the Preferences or (If or button, Then Preferences or the From Click to software
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Select the following the Select Select Select Select from these Quality rough with reduced Text text-only and higher text Text with text and graphics higher and graphics with and Photo: and graphics with high information about the or The Quality Option the of and the highest RPM types, the Advanced Then instructions selecting RPM. Select the the loaded. Select and then OK At the OK or to Select the type of
SP RX600 Thursday, PM this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You Selecting apply only to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown Select the then OK You the necessary. From Click to Click to or
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You advanced the highest or selecting of effects and layouts. On the the Advanced the right of the If warning Select the following as necessary: Select Quality as Click to RPM the Select as necessary the highest RPM that this information about advanced or instructions them as them the or If to the Advanced each the this first If and to the choose ICM then Select (To choose ICM first)
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Once finished selecting advanced Click OK to to the and Click the to to the Click the and with to Select the following as necessary: Select or options Select options these only Select options and to information the or Click OK to then OK or to From Click to both of the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You with the the to the of the Although the or without trimming. type inches) inches inches inches inches) Paper-Heavyweight Heavyweight inches inches) inches inches) inches) inches) instructions or the instructions included with the You the LCD and buttons. Follow the the to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM software Select from the then or Preferences You the following Select or as the Quality Option Select of the following types: Paper-Heavyweight Click the the and OK If to the amount of the and the Select Select or as the Click OK then OK or From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM software follow the these sections to OS X, below OS With OS If OS follow the below to (If thats with follow the instead.) From the You this Select RX600 from the Format Select using the selected matches the and within the the choose than the or than the the on-screen Reference specifications.) Click OK to the Select RX600 Select Select or
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From the You this Select RX600 from the the chose the Choose from the Select the following as necessary: Select the type the loaded. Select and and white or Black text From Select RX600 Click and choose Select the type of Select or Black Select higher of Select
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Select this option to the software the type. Quality/Speed the to choose or information about the button. The Quality the of and the highest RPM) types, Advanced and instructions selecting RPM. You choose other selecting these options the Select the of or Select options. as PDF Select ColorSync, the the or off the software. If selected as the the Summary: of If to selections further choose from the then OK Click To the of the RX600 when it appears the the of If using OS the instead, then RX600 the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You this: the of or of the following: the the then to the Select the then to Select and to finished, the RX600 or With OS software and selected the SP RX600 the Chooser, as From the Select the following SP RX600 Select Click OK to the From Select
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From the You this Select the following as necessary: Select the type the loaded. Select and and white or Black text Select this option to the software the type. Quality/Speed the to choose or information about the The Quality the of and the highest RPM) types, Custom then the Advanced that appears. Then instructions selecting RPM. You the following: Click to Click to layouts, or Click to background and then to Click Click to Click
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If turned background EPSON IV from the Application the right of You the IV Select the then to If background and to the and the From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You advanced to the highest or the and OS below OS OS the and Advanced Select these as necessary: To from the Select options Click to RPM the the highest quality, RPM that this information advanced or instructions them as them Click
SP RX600 Thursday, PM OS the Custom then the Advanced that appears. Select these advanced as necessary: Click to RPM the Select options Select the highest quality, RPM that this information advanced or instructions them as them Click OK to then From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You with the the to the of the Although the or without type inches) inches inches inches inches) Paper-Heavyweight Heavyweight inches inches) inches inches) inches) inches) instructions or the instructions included with the You the LCD and buttons. Follow the these sections to With OS X With OS
SP RX600 Thursday, PM With OS and From the You the following Select RX600(Sheet from the Format Select of the or or Click OK to the From the Select RX600 from the this option matches the chose as the Format the From Select RX600
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Choose from the Select of the following as the Paper-Heavyweight Click Select RX600
SP RX600 Thursday, PM With OS and photo Select from the You the Select this Click the If to the amount of the and the Select and then OK Select from the You the Select of the following as the Paper-Heavyweight Click From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Selecting Select the or software the correctly this Select this or Iron-On Bright White Bright White Quality Quality Cards Quality Heavyweight Double-Sided Scrapbook Cards Scrapbook Quality Heavyweight Selecting
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scanning to Follow the this chapter to of advanced features. these below Scanning to Scanning From Restoring From Scanning and Scanning the RX600 easy, that or then of to the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM to the below of what each Scan and Copy Copy to Text and Scan to Application Scanning to Scans and and layouts. Includes Restoration Scans and to with the flexibility of Scans or to software.) Scans text and them text Scans photo ArcSoft PhotoImpression, where and with and Scans or and choose which the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scan to the features, the or the on-screen Scanning to Follow these to directly to the or the the about inch from the as shown. the or about inch from the the Scans photo or and to that right Scans and to photo-sharing Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If photo or the of the the of or copied. To thick the Turn off the RX600, and the completely. Then the from the TPU and the straight Turn the RX600 and the to the as finished, to off the RX600 the and the Scan. Select or EPSON Scan EPSON Scan Macintosh: Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications You the Select the Select the Click OK Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scan and to the location specified. the while scanning, or right. Scanning From You from as Photoshop or ArcSoft PhotoImpressionusing Scan. Scan three of and easy, with type and and and of Professional manually advanced Scan the the Scanning From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You the photo or the the about inch from the as shown. You or and them the the or about inch from the the If or the of the the of photo or To thick the Turn off the RX600, and the completely. Then the from the TPU and the straight Turn the RX600 and the to the as finished, to off the RX600 the and the Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the and choose or then EPSON RX600 Scan To switch the the of the Select or Professional advanced from the the top of the Click to Scan Click Scanning From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scan and displays the the chose. Professional If of to the right of the Scan the appears the Click the If than photo or the the Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Click the to creating If scanning than the surrounds of them. information the If around and cant Click the arrow the and Normal from the that appears. Click the to Choose and Destination that match the type of and the to or (Click the Scan information about the The the other options that appear the Scan and as necessary. other to the of or the Restoration If the to reduce the appearance of the The option scanning as If Professional to to the of the to these options. Click the Scan the while scanning, or right. Click to Scan. Scanning From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the Scan Once to the to You each than To the and the outlined to the where To the and of the or corners and the to the To the then the Then the as To the To the then the button. To with the Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Restoring From You back to when them with Scan. RX600 and Scan back the from that the the the about inch from the as shown. You and them the the about inch from the the If or the of the the of or copied. To thick the Turn off the RX600, and the completely. Then the from the TPU and the straight Turn the RX600 and the to the as finished, to off the RX600 the and the Restoring From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM of the following: or EPSON Scan EPSON Scan On EPSON Scan the Applications Scan To switch the the of the Select Professional from the the top of the Scanning to Click
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scan and displays the Professional If of to the right of the Scan the appears the Click the If than the the Click the to creating If than the surrounds of them. information the Restoring From
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Choose and Destination that match the type of and the to or (Click the Scan information about the and as necessary. and the Restoration If the to reduce the appearance of the If and to reduce the appearance of the Reduction to reduce to from or to the appearance of or Click the Scan the while scanning, or right. Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You the the and OK Click to Scan. Scanning and You the that with the RX600 to or of or You or or Professional with Scan. To and white or Professional Removing the and the the and the the reflective Scanning and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You cant or the white from the the from its to the when or the Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Strips the the cover the the with the facing The top of the should facing the of the and the should reversed. the cover. (It should the that the the of the The positioning the near the as shown. to Scanning and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the the that the section the of the The positioning the as shown. the as shown, with the facing to Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scanning or With Scan You or however, or Professional to and white These the white from the Scan as or Professional the white from the Scan as choose Negative or B&W Negative Professional choose Then Negative or B&W Negative the Click the to reduce the appearance of the Select other then to the as necessary; Click Scan the while scanning, or right. If from Photoshop, once and only Click to Scan. Scanning and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scanning the RX600 You the the RX600 to to or to with attached. Both Scan and to to or to to Scanning to the RX600 connected to the the the about inch from the as shown. the about inch from the If photo or the of the the of or copied. the Press the Scan to the RX600 to Scan the and buttons to choose Scan to PC then the OK Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the below EPSON Scan and the this this action Then OK Select this option Then this the type the the and OK Follow the instructions Scanning to to the Scanning to This section to the buttons to You to double-clicking the EPSON and clicking the Scan to the RX600 connected to the Scanning the RX600
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the the about inch from the as shown. the photo about inch from the If photo or the of the the of or scanned. the Press the Scan to the RX600 to Scan the and to choose Scan to then the OK If to choose to this action, EPSON and the this Then OK The appears. Scan and the which the and Select to then Next The to and attached to If to the to this action, and OK information. Scanning to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM and Scanning Without This section to and memory without You and to memory and from or If RX600 to as these sections Compatible Memory Cards and and Removing Memory Cards From Memory Card Selected From Index of from or Scanning to Memory Card Scanning or to Memory Card and RX600 as Card
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Compatible Memory Cards and You the following of with RX600: CompactFlash and II 128MB) SD Card Memory MMC Memory PRO Card required) Memory Card Memory required) the these JPEG or only from to than (although or the the first and Memory Cards the RX600 turned If from or to memory the RX600 from or off If to the and the connected. the to once the RX600 as Card and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the memory cover. the memory light to the memory off and that of the Then the as shown. CompactFlash or MemoryStick SD or MMC The memory light flashes, then Memory light To the straight of its than memory the or off the RX600 while the memory light flashing, or and Removing Memory Cards (top) (top)
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From Memory Card memory to choose and instructions selecting the to memory Then as these Selecting Selecting of Selecting of Selecting Selecting DPOF You the following: to choices of and and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Selecting One You and or of using of layouts. Press the Memory Card button. the and buttons to highlight Custom To Copy and the and buttons to choose then the OK the and buttons to to the photo to then the and to choose the of to Press the OK with Selected to and Selecting of You or and them as using of layouts. If selected than the as the Press the Memory Card the and to highlight Custom the and buttons to choose Select then the OK the and buttons to to the to then the and to choose the of that photo. each photo to then the OK button. with Selected to and If selected the photo, from the of selected its of to as From Memory Card
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Selecting of You of to (such as through and them as group. Press the Memory Card button. the and buttons to highlight Custom the and buttons to choose then the OK the and to choose the first the then the OK the and to choose the the then the OK with Selected to and You the once. Press the Memory Card the and buttons to highlight Custom the and buttons to choose then the OK with Selected to and DPOF to Select If DPOF, to the instruction Press the Memory Card the and to highlight Custom the and buttons to choose DPOF then the OK with Selected to and and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Selected Once selected follow these to Press the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to choose the type of that the (If about the type, the Its to the the or the what Press the and to highlight then the and buttons to the of loaded. the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to of the following: fits the photo With with around the the top of the four sheet the and Card photo the front of the the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to choose Normal or If further the and buttons to choose the options below, then the and to to the Choose to with (brown) tone. Correct: P.I.M. and PRINT Matching or (these options selected when P.I.M. or PhotoEnhance the brightness, and of Selected
SP RX600 Thursday, PM To the appearance of from and low-resolution PDAs, this option to On to this option when or slowly.) Brightness If too or bright, this to them. To increase the choose High or High Sharpness this to or Choose More or or choose or Least Prints the with photo of the following or Prints the with photo of the following 12-hour 24-hour or printed). Info this to On to and ISO to If too or to the selected of the cropped. this option to to off white the of the photo). Cropped Bidirectional this to On to higher the OK If to of the and buttons to choose of to to Press the or B&W To while the Stop and Scanning Without to turned to turned off
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Selecting the Correct to the This the what of using the coverage accordingly. the should choose the RX600 buttons (when to Loaded type Scrapbook Heavyweight Scrapbook Iron-On Iron-on Cards and You of 7-inch You then selecting and the The the LCD then the OK To the Recalled the LCD then the OK Selected
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Selecting to Select the to the the then the the type of to instructions). Once the the beneath each to with or OK: Near the of the the type and of loaded. You from these and options these Heavyweight Double-Sided From Index Sheet
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Its to the the or the what Press the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to the of loaded. Press the to the To while the Stop from or You the that with the RX600 to and directly from or of or without using Removing the and the and the the it reflective You cant or the white from the from or
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the from its to the when or the and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Strips the the cover the the with the facing The top of the should facing the of the and the should the cover. (It should the that the the of the The the near the as shown. to from or
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the the that the section the of the The the as shown. the as shown, with the to and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Press the to the RX600 to the and buttons to choose Custom then the OK You the options the right. the and buttons to choose or type, then the OK the or scanned, choose the to with the and buttons, then choose the of each with the and buttons. Press the OK Press the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to choose the type of that the (If about the type, the Its to the the or the what Press the and buttons to highlight then the and to the of loaded. the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to choose or To from the and buttons to highlight Restoration then the and buttons to choose On the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to of the following: One photo fits the the With One with around the the or B&W To while the Stop from or
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scanning to Memory Card Follow these to photo to memory and JPEG the RX600 from or off the memory cover. the memory light to the off and that Then the as shown. CompactFlash or MemoryStick SD or MMC The memory light flashes, then Memory light and Scanning Without (top) (top)
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If the properly the LCD Press the indicated the LCD to the the the photo the the about inch from the as shown. the about inch from the If or the of the the of or copied. the Press the Scan the and buttons to choose Scan to Memory Card then the OK the and buttons to the following Scan the of the light type Text or Graphics Normal or Scanning to Memory Card
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Press the The to the memory to finish, then the the while or copying, or the RX600. Scanning or to Memory Card Follow these to or to memory and JPEG RX600 connected to or off the memory cover. and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the memory light to the off and that Then the as shown. CompactFlash or MemoryStick SD or MMC The memory light Memory light If the properly formatted, the LCD Press the indicated the LCD to the the Scanning or to Memory Card (top) (top)
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the and the and the the reflective You cant or the white from the the from its to the when or the and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Strips the the the the with the facing The top of the should facing the of the and the should the cover. (It should the that the the of the The positioning the the as shown. Scanning or to Memory Card
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the the that the section the of the The positioning the as shown. the as shown, with the the Press the to the RX600 to the and buttons to choose Scan to Memory Card then the OK and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the and buttons to the following Scan the of the light type Text or Graphics Normal or Press the The to the memory to finish, then the the while or copying, or the RX600. Scanning or to Memory Card
SP RX600 Thursday, PM and You close-up, of that from memory or from or memory or or the and the then follow the below. and the RX600 buttons the photo memory It only the photo printed. Press the Memory Card to from memory or the to from or the and buttons to highlight and the OK of the following: If from memory the and buttons to choose the to and then the OK If from the to then the and buttons to choose the to and then the OK Press the and buttons to highlight then the and to choose the type of that the (If about the type, the Its to the the or the what Press the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to the of loaded. and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the and to highlight then the and buttons to of the following: photo fits the the With with around the the top of the or or four or or sheet or the and buttons to highlight then the and buttons to choose Normal or or If from memory further the and to choose of the options If from or the from the and buttons to highlight Restoration then the and buttons to choose On or the OK You the first the and buttons to the top and the to the top and Press the OK You the the and buttons to the and right the to the and right If finished choosing the to the OK You of photo. Press the OK (If to the the then through and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If to of photo, the and buttons to choose to to Press the or B&W To while the Stop RX600 as Card You RX600 as from the to To this with or RX600 software as the (this the USB software). RX600 turned and to memory as and Removing Memory Cards (If copying to the the write-protect to allow writing to the XP, this. You choose or option to or On Macintosh, appear You the and to On OS X, iPhoto TM to when connected, iPhoto or PhotoStarter and to the If this the first memory this instead. Follow the instructions the section to and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM copying the as If the from and from the to the or the the correctly with and the RX600 to the the and PhotoStarter If or to PhotoStarter and Card to the from You these XP or OS X, or OS the section operating below. If XP or what to when the this this action and OK If this first this Click Next The PhotoStarter Click Next The of about PhotoStarter to The the following whenever memory PhotoStarter to the The ArcSoft PhotoImpression automatically. PhotoImpression and from and easily. of the then Next the Confirmation RX600 as Card
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You back and Click or EPSON PhotoStarter EPSON the and choose the Applications then You this From the Preferences You this From the Preferences Other Applications and Scanning Without Select Other
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the EPSON then the EPSON Click the the whenever Follow the instructions the to to when and to If automatically, to the to You back and the EPSON PhotoStarter then EPSON PhotoStarter the and choose RX600 as Card
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Memory Card Once finished copying from memory follow the below to to to the USB from while the memory light flashing, or without the below, or the the USB operating to of the following: On the memory from to the If XP or the or the XP, USB Stop USB or to the straight of the and Scanning Without
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From Other RX600 On PictBridge-enabled On such as CD-ROM or On Bluetooth-enabled optional Bluetooth The should comply with DCF photo these JPEG or from to than (although or the the first
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From PictBridge and USB Direct allow to when directly to the RX600. memory from the RX600. (If the from the memory the RX600 instead of the USB from to the EXT I/F USB the front of the RX600. USB to the that with the EXT/IF USB Turn the RX600 and the RX600 reads and counts the of Press the to the RX600 to the to highlight Direct and OK Choose the and other finished selecting OK the to instructions. If with PictBridge or USB Direct Print, that the used. the of From Other Devices
SP RX600 Thursday, PM From CD or If of the following from to RX600 USB USB CD/DVD and of USB (high-speed) recommended 100MB or 250MB with If with the RX600, that the connected used. the of If as FAT16 Also, attached to the RX600, to that or or containing (You prompted CD-ROM from CDs that from Follow these to the USB from to the EXT I/F USB the front of the RX600. EXT/IF USB From CD or
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Turn the RX600 and the RX600 reads and counts the of From Memory Card instructions. If backed CD, or other below), theyre the and the front of the RX600 to highlight the to then OK to to CD or You from memory to or CD-R/RW the RX600. This the memory and without Once or CD, them To 100MB or 250MB or CD-R/RW (with USB stores. The its USB (high-speed) CD-R/RW If to the RX600, to that or formatted, or containing (You prompted the RX600 turned and the memory containing If the RX600 connected to the USB that to or off From Other Devices
SP RX600 Thursday, PM USB from to the EXT. I/F USB the front of the RX600. EXT/IF USB Press the Memory Card Press the to choose Press OK the OK to the You to follow instructions the LCD the to or CD-R/RW. there this to CD-R,/RW the RX600 each You CD-R/RW. Once the the or the process, or If to the the to CD or
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Bluetooth To and wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled such as PDAs, and computers, the optional Bluetooth from The Bluetooth (C12C824142) from or the SM or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please While this with the Bluetooth to with with Bluetooth wireless The of this approximately however, this such as quality, electricity and interference, software, operating reception and performance. The following Profile (BIP) Hardcopy Profile (HCRP) Profile (OPP) From Other
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Connecting the Bluetooth the RX600 currently the Bluetooth the EXT. I/F USB the front of the RX600, then the front section or the Bluetooth while the Doing the to malfunction. The Bluetooth light second. If the light the from the (as below), then Disconnecting the Bluetooth the Bluetooth or then it of the EXT. I/F USB as shown below. the while with another or while the (while the light flashing). Doing the to malfunction. the the section or the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM With Bluetooth Bluetooth, to the then to the from Bluetooth-enabled Below basic of to the Bluetooth and RX600. the that with Bluetooth and Bluetooth-enabled instructions. Turn RX600 and the the to highlight Direct and OK Choose the and other Select the to from Bluetooth and to the within about of the the chose. Bluetooth-enabled information, to If the software included with Bluetooth to with software. the included with Bluetooth If OS or the Bluetooth to with the and the Bluetooth to photo to the information using these From Other Devices
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Choosing Bluetooth If necessary, the to choose Bluetooth wireless You to or the the Bluetooth-enabled from which to Press the RX600. the and buttons to choose and the and buttons to them. Choose the Bluetooth option below. Item BT RX600- BT Communication Discoverable This allows Bluetooth- to freely the and Not This unknown from the To this first search the once the once, to with and from it this This that four- with and from the If Bluetooth-enabled the distinguish them assigning each (from through To the the off and then back Bluetooth
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Item BT Encryption On/Off BT BT the factory From Other Devices Bluetooth PIN Select On to Encryption that with and from the The allows to the that selected as the Communication or Encryption On. the Bluetooth of the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If follow the instructions this chapter to and the head. instructions checking and the head, and RX600. these Cleaning the Head below the Head Transporting the RX600 Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light, or or to clean the head. This the they properly. head cleaning You the head the software. Click the or instructions the head cleaning the RX600 turned and the light off. (If the light flashing or to Press the to
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Press the and to Head cleaning Press the OK button, then OK to cleaning the head. Cleaning about seconds, which the Head Cleaning appears the LCD off the RX600 while the Head Cleaning appears the LCD the RX600 hasnt or than head cleaning finished, to the the and buttons to loaded. Press the OK then OK to You the software. Click the or instructions the printed. Each should with as shown. If Click to to the If (as shown below) the OK Then follow the instructions the LCD to the head
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If cleaning three or four the You turn the RX600 off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head RX600 the Its to least once month to Cartridges the light flashes, or the light to the cartridge(s). LCD which or empty. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the the light off. Checking the To supply, the following: Press the to Press the and buttons to then the OK You graphic with the amount of each C LC (Light LM (Light and (Yellow). the the OK You cant empty. Cartridges
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Purchasing Cartridges these within months of them and the Black T048120 T048220 T048320 T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 To and them. Other products to RX600 covered warranty. or the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). Cartridge Precautions Warning: of the reach of If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with To the the head hand. You cant empty. the the RX600 obtained the the head
SP RX600 Thursday, PM and Cartridges Once the If empty: the LCD to which empty, then the OK If Press the to Press the and buttons to Cartridge OK then OK the to the as shown, to the top. the the back and to the cover while the head the to the the from the back Cartridges
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the to Press the the back of the to release then the straight of The shows the the cartridge(s) to the the the Press clicks If to other through with
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the cover, then the If to the cover, the seated. Press each hear to force the cover closed. The RX600 charging the and the Charging appears the LCD the completed OK turn off the RX600 while Charging appears the LCD the RX600 hasnt or than This charging of Cartridges
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the Head If or appear to the head. You head the software. Click the or instructions head the RX600 turned and and the light off. of Press the to then the and to Head Press the OK then OK to On the the with the precisely top of each other. You to or Select each through Select the of the each pressing the and buttons. Then OK The appears. each of the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM finished Head completed the LCD Press OK to to the Transporting the RX600 If RX600 to its or of To the when the RX600. or the RX600 its or or Press the On to the RX600. the to the the and the head the right Then the RX600 off. the and the to the to the back to the the RX600 its location. the the from the Then the USB from Transporting the RX600
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the from the TPU from the and then the the the the head from its and as shown to the head from If cant the head lock, the head to the to the head or the RX600 its location. the clicks back the RX600 and its the the protective that with them. the RX600 as the RX600, the head or the head, the the and If the head the head
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If with RX600, the the LCD or and these Checking the LCD below and Uninstalling Software Where To Checking the LCD of that appear the LCD and what should when them. occurred. Please the Turn RX600 off, and then back If the appears, occurred. Please the Turn RX600 off, and then back Then the released. If the appears, Bluetooth Please the then the to RX600. Bluetooth the If the the the the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Service required. the of their service life. The too to The too to Bluetooth. and the The too to The too to Bluetooth. and the to the the There with the that printed. and the connected or Canceling Can memory the memory or to canceled. occurred while Retry the If the there with and the necessary. The memory or The memory or Canceling the memory or then the Memory Canceling memory loaded. memory and Memory Cards forced the to the memory or then the the then memory or and the There enough free the that enough then the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM memory or or loaded. Confirm that the memory or correctly. If correctly, there with memory or the and try memory or while to Canceling operation. memory Confirm that the memory or correctly. If correctly, there with memory or the and There enough the memory or canceled. The memory or write- You the to the protected. canceled. memory Release the write protection or another memory Format Formatting occurred formatting. formatting If the there with memory or Check the and the memory The memory to the RX600 Format the memory or memory memory or the memory canceled. memory occurred. Please the Turn RX600 off, and then back If the appears, Not enough to the to the memory memory Checking the LCD
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You to whether from the RX600 or other or the sheet Press the the to Press the to Then OK Press the button. The If the the software the interface or If the with RX600. the the following and the below using RX600. and Software Its to to software. and the section to there software downloading to The RX600 installation. the RX600 charge its finished from the LCD off or the the seated securely and the RX600. Turn off the RX600, then back
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You software or connected the RX600 the software. software incorrectly Uninstalling Software follow the when software. You to the RX600 the the process. the software. the other including and protectors, and that Universal (USB) properly If or the software correctly XP or software as necessary. or OS the SP RX600 appear the Chooser, too items the Chooser. items. If Reference software and Copying The RX600 nothing the USB securely connected both If using USB the RX600 directly to USB instead. as If the RX600 software correctly. If to RX600 as Reference and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM It sounds the RX600 nothing The head cleaning; instructions. The RX600 properly or copying too the If high-resolution than the You to: Clear or that Increase memory (RAM). the Select as the Quality or the Quality/Speed to software. If include choose Black or Black as the software or the B&W Turn MicroWeave off only) and High software. If RX600 connected to USB USB The incorrect. or Choose the the right of the with the lightly its the beneath the Dont the arrow the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the Copy the type of trying to Copying Without Computer or Copying With Computer If the the to to with white or light the correctly. Select as the Reduce/Enlarge and the Optional to the of The or Macintosh The head cleaning; instructions. Scanning the RX600. the RX600 to and The isnt The off to when scanning. the RX600 The RX600 the (ready scanning). You to to the If using USB connecting the RX600 directly to the USB If the white and that the correctly. If RX600 the cant and its software; and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM The RX600 software properly. the enough memory software. If other software the the enough memory. closing applications, including and protection If or high enough memory to the that EPSON RX600 selected software. Check software installation. If software, then Too that the software and/or feed correctly or the RX600. If feed, from the the the right and the the too tightly). beneath the If off RX600, the and thats including that torn off. the RX600 back and the Clear the of the the that normally through the the the backwards the of the If the Loading
SP RX600 Thursday, PM If frequently, the isnt too tightly the Also, of The should the arrow the of the that individually, or follow the instructions that with instructions. If frequently, the too the path. Turn the RX600 off and the Then follow the instructions Loading to the or If the the Press the the to the then the software. If when it the or too thin. Quality You (light or Clean the head; instructions. Select the or the loaded; Loading If copying without selected the type; Selecting the Correct and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Select higher and off High or the of the The replacing; the head; instructions. or smeared. isnt curled, or (the should with or sheet the head; instructions. and absorption of
SP RX600 Thursday, PM or Clean the head; instructions. The or Cartridges the or Selecting If copying without the buttons to the type; isnt dirty, or If higher or higher Quality or Quality. or If copying without the buttons to as the the head. instructions. Increase the or software You or Black off or selected when and white photographs. Clean the head; instructions. and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM The or Cartridges turning off PhotoEnhance software. that using (Macintosh); the or If the RX600 of as as If the RX600 without of the of or incorrect. exactly match on-screen However, such as ICM or ColorSync, to as as or You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected to the the and that the USB securely connected to the USB the RX600. RX600 selected or as the The or incorrect. the and/or options correctly. Click the or information. If copying without the the LCD the Copy The inverted, as Turn off the software or the software. If copying without the LCD to selected; the Copy
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Scan Quality or distorted. the the If of the or warped. higher and the and selected Scan. Click the the Scan Clean the with lint-free cloth recommended). If the clean, amount of cloth. off cleaner. Dont directly the the RX600 or or too the with software. the and of The around as white, the of the and causing to appear the the only selected. Then Click the Scan the and the Destination Scan. Click the Scan and
SP RX600 Thursday, PM of the scanned. The the isnt the of the If using using or Professional Scanning From The the as the and type. Click the Scan and to cant match exactly. increasing to of If the to thick covering the with cloth or to light. The type when the If that or Professional Scanning From instructions. The too selecting the or of the typically that printed. The or than the You the or The software the of the
SP RX600 Thursday, PM appears the If this both and the with lint-free cloth recommended). If the clean, amount of cloth. off cleaner. Dont directly the If the to clean head, LCD You cant the or the LCD. You to the LCD Press the to the RX600 to Press the to LCD then the OK the and buttons to the then the OK button. The LCD to the If floating the the RX600 to the Uninstalling Software You to and then and operating You to or Reference Follow the instructions these OS X OS Uninstalling Software
SP RX600 Thursday, PM RX600 and connected to XP: Click Other Click Click or XP) or Select EPSON Software and Change/Remove or the the RX600 selected, then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove or Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. this to the following software: Copy PhotoStarter ScanToWeb USB and only) PhotoStarter CardMonitor. Follow the the to software.
SP RX600 Thursday, PM OS the RX600 CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Then the EPSON CD-ROM to the EPSON OS Double-click the to Double-click the (You to to this Double-click the EPSON and then the If prompted, the to Select Uninstall from the Then the Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to finished, to the Then to to the through to the following: Scan SPRX600 the to this PhotoStarter CardMonitor. finished, follow the instructions the to software. Uninstalling Software
SP RX600 Thursday, PM OS the RX600 CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Double-click the the that (You to to Double-click the PhotoStarter then the the to Select Uninstall from the pull-down Then the Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to to the then the PhotoStarter PhotoStarter CardMonitor. Double-click the then the Select Uninstall from the then the Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. Click when and the through the following Card Scan finished, follow the instructions the to software.
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Where To If with RX600 or Scan software, below. If with other included software, technical hours through the services and telephone services the following Service Access World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone Services To to technical US: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product RX600) Product (located the back) of purchase and of purchase of the of services hours To these services, tone telephone and SoundAdvice SM this to the RX600 SoundAdvice. Where To
SP RX600 Thursday, PM You purchase and from the or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Other Software Technical Software Telephone and www.newsoftinc.com ArcSoft PhotoImpression AM PM through ABBYY www.arcsoft.com/ techmain
SP RX600 Thursday, PM and Notices To RX600 and its software, should Microsoft PC with or Microsoft 98SE, or XP 256MB RAM (512MB or of RAM recommended) At least 200MB of free (300MB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software Windows-compliant built-in USB and USB that with RX600 (USB recommended) To RX600 and its software, should or G3, G4, or G5, or OS OS or OS OS or recommended) At least 256MB of RAM OS (512MB recommended); 512MB or OS At least 200MB of (300MB or recommended) CD-ROM or DVD the software USB and the USB that with RX600 (USB recommended)
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Instructions RX600, and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the RX600. the type of indicated the RX600 to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or other high-load that switch and off. the RX600 where the easily the become or If with the RX600, the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the outlets switches or timers. RX600 and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the RX600 the RX600 or heating or sunlight. the RX600 that its It properly or enough front of the RX600 least inches) and off of the Turn off and the RX600 cleaning. Clean with cloth only. and Notices
SP RX600 Thursday, PM the RX600 off using the On Dont turn off the switch or the RX600 the On light off and the Turning off from the LCD or cover the RX600 or through the as specifically to service the RX600 yourself. the RX600 and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the RX600, the head the right the and the the or the RX600, its or from the The RX600 includes that mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the memory or off this while the and memory (when the memory light flashing). memory with the RX600. the memory instructions about to the Cartridge Instructions the the the head and the RX600 from of the reach of children and the Instructions
SP RX600 Thursday, PM when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the RX600 or the Dont the head hand; the Dont them from their this might the immediately from its Leaving the reduced Dont the the the within months of them. cool, each that the of its from allow to least three hours or tear the this Dont or them; the head. the IC the of the This and If the supply from and the as the RX600. There the supply covers or to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding LCD Instructions only cloth to clean the LCD Dont or cleaners. If the LCD If LCD it off thoroughly with and If them immediately with and Notices
SP RX600 Thursday, PM FCC This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 United States WARNING FCC
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Personal Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: Function C171B NERGY TAR Compliance NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce caused and Notices
SP RX600 Thursday, PM Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the specified which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON SM (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. service technician telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and This warranty This warranty Inc. Warranty
SP RX600 Thursday, PM or of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights which from to Inc. P.O. CA and Notices