Pbasics.book PM R340
Pbasics.book Monday, PM rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. or and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as as people each to and of the copyright when and MicroWeave, PRINT and the PRINT and of Corporation. USB DIRECT-PRINT and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights RPM, Performance and PhotoEnhance and SoundAdvice, and service of America, Inc. DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. CPD-20396 Inc. Copyright Notice of Copyrighted
Pbasics.book PM R340 directly from memory You directly from of with These or with family and If to them immediately to or and them from PC. of the features: highlights, and of and and CD and DVD CDs and with or without Performance (RPM the and of of and performance, with Three built-in memory CompactFlash and II, Card, Memory Stick, Memory PRO, (Memory Memory PRO seperately]), and IBM USB the front of the only) or such as or CD-R This memory to or CD-R and without (The the back of the the to LCD Bluetooth optional wirelessly from Bluetooth-enabled PDAs,
Pbasics.book Monday, PM About To and its software, the without the Reference This information, warranty, and instructions on-screen of without with or the about with, or troubleshooting on-screen as below. Notes, and Please follow these throughout: followed to to to Notes information about hints On-Screen CD-ROM includes on-screen You browsersuch as Microsoft or or FireFox or or or laterto If the correctly. (A included the software CD-ROM.) To the on-screen the SPR340 Click the to the topics. Click the to to the
Pbasics.book PM Loading offers of that and professional This chapter Loading the Sheet below Loading the the and the first the right of the the with the (whiter or If sheets, the of to Dont the arrow the on-screen the the tight that the to the
Pbasics.book PM the and the You should follow these the first, when landscape-oriented the instructions. using included the the and to curling. instructions and the on-screen With photographs from R340 years. The to when with that properly displayed or with and lengthen life: that or protective to them from atmospheric humidity, and high of with photographs, from high and and of sunlight. that or acid-free, commonly from stores. to follow other and instructions included the package. Loading
Pbasics.book PM Accessing Follow the instructions these sections to Memory Cards below Connecting Devices of Copying to Computer Memory Cards Press the to R340. the memory the memory of the three as shown below. CompactFlash or on-screen the the the light the memory Memory Stick, SD or MMC or Card (right)
Pbasics.book Monday, PM the reads and counts the of Memory Cards If connected to instructions removing memory the light flashing, then the straight of the while the light flashing or without the below, or the the USB Connecting Devices If of the following directly to USB with PictBridge or USB DP (USB Direct USB of USB CD/DVD and of or 250MB AC or USB Memory with USB (such as the MicroTech the of or If about or If that the connected used. If using or as FAT16 If Macintosh-formatted or that the with the Accessing Card light
Pbasics.book PM CD from CDs that from or the memory Follow these to memory from the If the from the instead of or the USB from or to the EXT I/F USB the front of the USB to the that with the Turn the and or the reads and counts the of If the R340 to back CD, or another theyre the and the to highlight the to then OK to Connecting Devices
Pbasics.book Monday, PM to If that memory to that directly to This the memory and without Follow the below to to CD-R, DVD-R, or the of or If about or try connecting If that the connected used. the turned and the memory to back the If the connected to the USB that the to (otherwise the memory to If necessary, and turned Then USB from to the EXT. I/F USB the front of the Press the the Press the to choose and OK Press OK the OK to the You to follow instructions the the to there this Once the buttons the or the process, or or If to the the Stop To follow the instructions Accessing
Pbasics.book PM of memory or USB Press the Memory Card to the to Memory Card Press to choose Press OK The the The rotates they appear upright. To the while OK To the Copying to If with the memory memory and the to You the of the and connected and turned the memory the memory the the as shown of
Pbasics.book Monday, PM XP, the the right. Choose of the or options to or If this Then the to or the Then the to or OS X, appears You the and to If iPhoto and to when connected, when memory If the from and from the to the or the the correctly with and the to the the and and to the from Removing Memory Card Once finished copying from memory follow the below to to the USB from while the light flashing or without the below, or the the USB operating to of the following: or the or the Click Stop USB XP, the the Then USB On the memory from to the Then straight of the Accessing
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Copying to
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Without R340 and easily without memory choose from the and the Follow the instructions these sections to below Choosing Touching and CDs and the Memory Card If the CD/DVD the Memory Card and memory the or that
Pbasics.book PM and The and option and choose to Press or to choose and then OK Press or to choose the photo to Press or to the of and each to Press the and choose Press the to photo(s). To the the Memory Card The option the memory once. Press or to choose then OK Press or to the of Press the and choose Press the to To the of Choose and of cardfor through Press or to choose of then OK Press or to choose the first to Press or to choose the to Press or to the of Press the and choose Without
Pbasics.book PM Press the to To the Stop from the that memory Press or to choose then OK Press or to choose then to (Select and to each to choose Press or to the of Press the and choose Press the to To the Stop showing and the Press or to choose then OK Press the and choose the sheet or layouts, as shown: enough of to the then the to sheet(s). To the Stop
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Choosing choosing the to choose the type, and as below. Press the Press the to choose then OK Select the that matches the type of loaded, then OK to the below: this Select this Scrapbook Cards Heavyweight TM Scrapbook Quality Bright White Press to and OK Press and to choose and OK selecting the to and OK Without
Pbasics.book PM Select of the following then OK Prints fits the the Prints with around the Prints photo the top of the Prints Prints four Prints Prints the photo and with each Prints CD/DVD with photo of the Prints CD/DVD with twenty-four each of the If the to to Touching R340 the and the of without These They Automatically the the to the Press the Press the to choose Correct then OK
Pbasics.book PM Select from these then OK P.I.M. PRINT Matching or (this option selected when P.I.M. (this option selected when PhotoEnhance the brightness, and of photo with that too of bright background PhotoEnhance might to the brightness that the brighter the (The PhotoEnhance lighting with that of the photo, and where both Select this to P.I.M., Exif, or PhotoEnhance. These them. To to the To to the ones, follow the the section. Manually Press the Press or to choose of these options, then the Quality Choose Higher or Highest Choose Black White or Brightness Choose Brighter Brightest or Choose Higher or Highest Sharpness Choose Sharpest or Choose Higher Highest or Lowest CD/DVD choose or as necessary, then OK. These them. To to the Without
Pbasics.book Monday, PM and R340 the with and to with the You the to the of the photo to This the Press or to choose and then OK Press or to the to Press the You around the You the as follows: Press the and buttons to the Press the and buttons to the Press the to the OK This or the Stop/Clear If the to white the (allowing of the to cropped) or to allow white and to the without Press the Press the to choose then OK Choose (the or and OK and
Pbasics.book Monday, PM to If photo too or to the selected of the cropped. This to Cropped To off or Press the Highlight to and Select or On and OK These them. To to the CDs and You CDs and without turning You CDs and from or including www.epsonstore.com, www.pcmall.com, www.warehouse.com, www.macconnection.com, and www.pcconnection.com. CDs or Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this Follow the the sections below to CDs and Cleaning the CD or DVD CD or DVD the Without to turned to off
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Cleaning the CDs or to clean the the You this feeding and ejecting sheets of the turned and the Press the Press to Feed/Paper and OK Press OK to feed the Feed/Paper highlighted, then OK Press OK to the from the through three or four CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when the If to of CDs or to then and the to it satisfactory. CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Follow these to CDs and If the correctly, the or To CDs from EPSON CD the the and the CD/DVD CD/DVD CDs and
Pbasics.book PM the CD or DVD the CD with the white or the the the the or the the and the the arrows the and Dont the too the arrows exactly. Follow the instructions below to CD or DVD. CD or DVD CD or DVD, ready to Press the CD/DVD to CD/DVD selected. Without
Pbasics.book PM If to the Press or to the following One the CD/DVD, centered. the CD/DVD, with each the CD/DVD, the CD/DVD, Press or to choose Press to choose the This of the selected CD. (If to the first, as below, then this each to to CD/DVD Press the and choose Press the to To the Stop the If the CD or DVD, to the Press the Select CD/DVD or CD/DVD Left/Right then the CDs and
Pbasics.book PM If and to the or to Then the OK You the to If and right, to the or to right. Then the OK You the to Press the OK to the and to the The this turned off, to the each the CD/DVD function. You the (such as the effects, or to the other Press the Press to choose Factory Press Press OK Press the to the to their the to Factory Without Computer
Pbasics.book PM From from and CDs or with text or or and software as the Follow the instructions these sections to below OS X Selecting the Correct CDs or From the You this EPSON R340 selected. Click the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the Select Click to software
Pbasics.book PM You the Preferences or Select Select or Select Quality Option rough with reduced Text: text-only with higher text quality. Text with text and with higher Photo: and graphics with and or graphics with high quality. The Quality Option this the of and information selecting the highest RPM selected on-screen You clicking the the Preferences or Select the and the loaded. Selecting the Correct information about types. Select or information about the or Click OK to the Preferences or At the OK or to From Select the type of
Pbasics.book Monday, PM this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You Selecting apply to the currently If the Right-click the the right of Select You the shown the then OK You the necessary. OS Follow the below to From the You this: Click to Click to or Select R340 Select or OS
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Select R340 the Format Select the the loaded. To without To to on-screen Select or Click OK to the From the You this: the and R340 Select from the Select the following as necessary: The Quality this the of and From R340 Select Select type Select and and white photographs) or Black text Select Quality or Select
Pbasics.book Monday, PM information about You choose these options from the selecting the of or selecting options. the the or turning off the software. Summary of Click To the of the when appears the Then R340 OS or the R340 when appears the You that shows the of You of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to If and to the other(s), the and the arrow to finished, or OS
Pbasics.book PM Selecting the Correct to the or This the what of the coverage accordingly. the should choose when from Select this Type/Media this sheets Iron-On Bright White Bright White Quality Quality Cards Quality Heavyweight Double-Sided Scrapbook Quality Cards ColorLife Scrapbook The of location. From Quality Heavyweight
Pbasics.book Monday, PM You without the the to the of the Although or without trimming, these and or (Macintosh) inches) Heavyweight Heavyweight inches inches) inches) inches inches) inches inches) or inches inches) inches inches) If and these sections instructions selecting OS X
Pbasics.book Monday, PM photo and photo. the and Then Preferences or You screen this: Select Sheet Select Select Select or Select or as the Quality Option Choose as the Source Select of the following types: Heavyweight Click the Read the and OK Select the the loaded. Select or Click OK to the Preferences or Click OK or to From Select or Click the
Pbasics.book Monday, PM OS From the You this: Select R340 the Format Choose the the loaded. Click OK to the From the Select R340 the Format Choose from the Select of the following types: Heavyweight Select other as necessary, then to R340 Choose
Pbasics.book Monday, PM CDs or includes that graphics, and directly CD or DVD. The EPSON CD software easy to and with of effects. You both CDs and CDs. CDs or Thermal-printable and CDs and should with this Follow the the sections below to CDs and information CDs and the on-screen EPSON CD. Cleaning the below CD or DVD the the Cleaning the CDs or to the the You this feeding and sheets of the turned and the Press the Press to Feed/Paper and OK Press OK to feed the Feed/Paper highlighted, then OK Press OK to the from the through three or four From
Pbasics.book PM CD or DVD the or CDs or or scratches the when burn the If to of CDs or to then and the to satisfactory. If to the or the instructions the and the CD or DVD, the turned the correctly. Follow these to CDs and If the correctly, the or the and the CD/DVD CD/DVD CDs or
Pbasics.book Monday, PM the CD or DVD the CD with the white or the the To CD the CD the first, then the CD the the CD when CDs and that the CD and the otherwise the the the carefully, or the the and the the the and Dont the too the exactly. Follow the instructions to CD or DVD. From this with CDs
Pbasics.book PM created and CD or DVD, ready to information CDs and the EPSON CD on-screen the and R340 selected, then the CD or DVD To allow the to least hours the or from and sunlight. If to the or the instructions the below and the the Position If and text the to the the included with or CD. You these to the CD or DVD. the (or CD) the CD and the as EPSON CD. from the CDs or
Pbasics.book PM R340 selected, then Confirmation or Click The the or CD. the or CD and the from the of the to the and as shown). with these From
Pbasics.book PM the and then the or You this: or Entry (Macintosh) checked. the the (Top) or Top the the (Right) or Right Click OK to the the If smears CDs or to the or from differently, to the each type of Follow these instructions to and as necessary. CD or DVD as EPSON CD. Select from the R340 selected, then Confirmation or Click the printed, the and the Correction or Correction or as necessary. CDs or
Pbasics.book PM the first printed, the then through selecting or to the You three location. If to third Correction through and Third or Third the CD or DVD and least hours. Then the You the Brightness and EPSON CD to the EPSON CD on-screen instructions. From
Pbasics.book Monday, PM This chapter to its and Follow the instructions Cleaning the Head below Cartridge the Head Cleaning the the the LCD Brightness You from the or from the Cleaning the Head If unexpectedly light or or or from the to clean the head. This the they properly. head cleaning clean You clean the head from the or software. To using the software, the connected directly to on-screen the least once month to Follow these to the head from the the Press the Press to highlight Head Cleaning then OK
Pbasics.book Monday, PM To cleaning, The and the LCD Cleaning about seconds. off the or the cleaning cleaning OK to to the head clean. the then The the printed. Each and straight should with the as shown below: If Press to finish. If there (as shown below), OK and then to the head If cleaning three or four the You turn the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
Pbasics.book PM Cartridge You the of the the the Press Press to choose then OK The of shown the the amount of If This to If empty, the that the to replaced. Press OK then to the You empty. the the obtained or the the head To and them. Other products to covered warranty. than months to their If the cleaning and the head, the these within months of them and the the Cartridge Black T048120 T048220 T048320 T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Cartridge
Pbasics.book PM Removing and Cartridges Once the the the turned and then the cover. If OK If the then Press to choose Cartridge then OK Press OK The head to the the cover. Press the the back of the and the of the of Warning: of the reach of and the If them thoroughly with and If them thoroughly with
Pbasics.book PM Unwrap the Dont the board or the the with the board facing the front. Then the clicks If to another through with the cover. Press OK and the cover. The charging the that charging about OK Cartridge
Pbasics.book Monday, PM the Head If or to the head. You the head from the or software. To the head from the software, the connected directly to on-screen the Quality the whenever the head Follow these to the head the the turned and loaded. Press the Press to choose Head then OK Press the to the Once the the first or of the which printed, with noticeable or You to Press or to choose the then OK to the and finished, OK Cleaning the To its should Follow these Turn off the the cord, and the then to or from the Clean the of the with cloth.
Pbasics.book PM cloth to the LCD and or cleaners these If the off only the shown below cloth. to grease the Dont the the or or or thinner cleaning; they the and Dont the and or the Dont cleaning included with they the Transporting the If to its or of To the when the Turn the the head the right then off the the from the memory from the and the memory cover. from the the and the Clean Transporting the
Pbasics.book Monday, PM the cover. the to the with as shown, then the cover. the CD/DVD closed, then the and the the and its the using the protective that with them. the as the the the head and If the head the head the LCD Brightness You the LCD the the lighting the where located. Press the Press to highlight and OK Press the and buttons to the the as Press OK the to the
Pbasics.book Monday, PM these sections to and below or Software Quality With CD/DVD Printout Uninstalling Software Where To R340 includes of to To the the and follow the instructions provided. of the the section. If whether the from or the as the other sections this chapter. If of the as
Pbasics.book PM T048120 T048220 T048320 Yellow: T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 The recommended or CD/DVD or feed Press the If the clear, the or CD/DVD and Press the and the the and the The T048120 T048220 T048320 Yellow: T048420 Light T048520 Light T048620 The recommended Service required. the of their service life. occurred. Please Turn the off and then back If the appears, memory or or memory the shown with ones. the or and the CD/DVD and the The the shown
Pbasics.book Monday, PM the memory or correctly. If to there with the or and the the memory correctly If connected USB the correctly the head cleaning to You enough to head cleaning. the that You to to from the or other memory then the from the that the the CD/DVD the and the CD/DVD Press the button. Press to choose Press the then OK The the memory or
Pbasics.book Monday, PM the of the with the shown below. If there such as or the the The with the the the interface to shielded or the If the satisfactorily, as shown below, or there with the of the printed this or Software The The first the charge its head about charging finishes off the or charge improperly and the the cover closed completely and the Turn off the then back to clear the the software. follow the instructions the to the instructed to the securely to the and the the other including screen and protection software, and If OS and the the Format to the or Utility. the instructions.
Pbasics.book PM With or software correctly, software 98SE, or XP The USB correctly from the USB properly If If on-screen instructions The nothing If from the USB connected securely and that the the If from as If the software correctly. If to as The sounds as though nothing the head clogged. To clean the head, The properly or that the when or awhile. The LCD and too slowly. or memory the LCD to them. This the LCD and to slowly. the from
Pbasics.book Monday, PM too the If high-resolution than the listed. You to: Clear or utility. that Increase memory (RAM). the these Choose Black include black-and-white the Quality/Speed to the Advanced options, MicroWeave off and/or turn High If connected to USB that than the of the without If without the to and the memory correctly. If using of memory cards, the than (or the and that the JPEG or and with If the from and the correctly with If XP, to
Pbasics.book PM Quality You (light The head cleaning; instructions. Select higher and off High or (Macintosh). If without the matches the type of If from the or matches the loaded; with the The the whiter or brighter of the The replacing. To the Head instructions. or smeared. to and absorption of with the The usually the whiter or of the isnt or curled, or (the should If or curled, of the instructions the You to included or the the on-screen the Head instructions. each from the when If the options the thick and From the the or Preferences and Option Information then Thick and OS X: From the choose the then Thick and Quality
Pbasics.book Monday, PM the thick and option other of or reduced. higher higher If from If from Macintosh, the Head instructions. You to increase the or software or the The head cleaning; instructions. The or To If without the matches the type of If from the or matches the loaded; isnt dirty, or If of with the it whiter or You or the to or black-and-white software The head cleaning; instructions. The or To turning off PhotoEnhance. that the the Advanced on-screen information about Advanced exactly match on-screen to as as You features. information.
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Colors slightly and to the right. If without to the to or B&W and that the to With or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. correctly or the the pulled If feed, from the the right then the the If once, the from the the to the sheets, and If the to clear the If that clear the the and including that torn off. the and the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality Dont the arrow the the the right and the too tightly. to curling. With
Pbasics.book Monday, PM CD/DVD and text the CD/DVD. the as smears the CD/DVD or too light. the as the or the EPSON CD on-screen CDs or the and allow the to least hours the or Printed CDs or smeared or dirty. Clean the The CD or DVD the the CD/DVD as it the or Dont the too the exactly as Printout The reversed. Turn off the the screen the Advanced (Macintosh), or the (If Iron-On the should reversed.) The selected, or the active the or Utility. The head cleaning; instructions.
Pbasics.book Monday, PM The incorrect. the the correctly the the to the right. the the software instructions choosing the The within the of the Specifications on-screen If without the Crop and to to instructions. or incorrect. and options correctly. match the width/height (aspect of the or to the and You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then selected software, or as active the or Utility. If USB the directly to instead. Too that the option software or Printout
Pbasics.book PM Uninstalling Software You to and then and this might when operating that to and optional software or on-screen and the the and connected Click XP: Double-click Click EPSON Software the and the Change/Remove and XP). the EPSON R340 selected and OK Then follow the on-screen instructions. 98SE or EPSON USB Devices the and the the to when ready to the software, follow the instructions operating the OS Applications the the Applications Double-click the or Select R340 then or the Utility. ready to the software, follow the instructions operating the
Pbasics.book PM Where To technical hours through the services and telephone services below: Service World From the reach At this and other troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated of services hours Telephone Services To these services, tone and SoundAdvice SM this to the R340 SoundAdvice. To to technical U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product R340) Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the You purchase and from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Where To
Pbasics.book Monday, PM
Pbasics.book PM Notices Microsoft PC with or or 98SE, or XP 256MB of RAM (512MB or recommended) 200MB or recommended VGA or and CD-ROM or DVD the software Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction. Apple G3, G4, or G5, or OS or 512MB of RAM 200MB or recommended VGA or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB and shielded USB AB to improperly shielded USB than the to malfunction.
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Instructions the following instructions to the and effectively: to follow and instructions the only the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as photocopiers or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the and from of interference, such as or telephone locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the cloth to the and or cleaners these the off the It the to off the Dont switch off the or the the off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. memory or off the while the and (when the light to the flashing). Doing the memory memory that with Notices
Pbasics.book Monday, PM If the from the or the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, physician immediately. the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the or the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the or the the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced quality. the the the within months of first them. cool, from allow to least three hours this the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This and If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or to the from items that the touches. touch the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the to the to the Instructions
Pbasics.book PM NERGY TAR that this NERGY TAR the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, printers, and to reduce caused FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B361A Declaration of Conformity
Pbasics.book PM America, Inc. Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of year from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should the SM (U.S.) or warranty please the warranty instructions and authorization. service service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or reconditioned products. This warranty covers only the United States and this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the caused or manufactured, or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. Notices
Pbasics.book PM THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to To the Authorized To the Customer You write Inc. P.O. CA America, Inc. Warranty
Pbasics.book PM Notices
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Index Accessories, CD/DVD to to photo quality, to head, photos, Macintosh, Macintosh, to to Black White, Blurry to to Brightness, Memory Card, C to without Card light, CD-ROM to CDs to to to cleaning to to to to without to Characters, incorrect, Checking Cleaning head, to sheets, ColorLife CompactFlash memory to Macintosh, Copying to to to by, Declaration of Conformity, restoring,
Pbasics.book Monday, PM to to brightness, memory DVD to CDs Edge-to-edge to Ejecting memory cards, NERGY TAR Enhancing CD, to warranty, to to Print, connecting, to to, Factory restoring, FCC, to to Head Cleaning to High Incorrect characters, Index, of replacing, to instructions, without CD/DVD, to to to Inverted CD/DVD, to Macintosh, without to LCD brightness, to Light, memory
Pbasics.book PM to software, to without Marginless to Margins, incorrect, Memory to Memory Card Memory types, Memory Memory Stick, MicroWeave MMC, without Moving to MultiMediaCard, Network Check, Macintosh, to OS X, feeding to to Macintosh, Source to PhotoEnhance, Photographs accessing, to quality, to copying to to to and with to without to to to to to to to and PictBridge, to CD software, EPSON, to head cleaning, to Head
Pbasics.book PM to without to cleaning, to to to restoring to CD/DVD to to CDs without to to without to option, to and option, with basic, to to CDs and to without photo to CDs and to to to selecting to touching to CD/DVD, to to to software, to LCD memory to feeding, quality, to to to Protecting Quality to Quality Quality Quality/Speed of to Performance (RPM), cleaning, instructions, to Saturation, SD sheets, of to without to Sharpness, to Smeared to
Pbasics.book Monday, PM Software EPSON CD, to to to Thumbnails, Touching to to to Transporting to Troubleshooting, to Uninstalling software, memory cards, USB, USB DP, to USB to Head to Head and Warranty, to to software, Card, to
Pbasics.book PM