One Product Instructions and Notes the Functions Copying of the Procedure. Loading or the the Copy Copy Information Copying CD/DVD Loading CD/DVD. Copying CD/DVD the Ejecting the CD/DVD Directly from Memory Card Memory Cards to Index the of the LCD and Selecting Directly from Memory Card One CD/DVD. CD EPSON Iron-On Cool with DPOF Printing with from Loading and the Selecting the the Scanning to Memory Card Scanning and to Memory Card Scanning and to Memory Card. Directly from Directly from Directly from Directly from Cartridges Choosing Cartridges Checking the Precautions Cartridge and Transporting Checking the Head Cleaning the Head the Head Restoring Factory Transporting This Product the the LCD Troubleshooting Clearing the The Improperly The Printout Blurry or Smeared. Prompting You to Format the Memory Card Appears The Terms the LCD Not Displayed Customer Contacting Customer Technical Product Specifications of English
One Product of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other printers. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. PRINT and the PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights USB DIRECT-PRINT and the USB DIRECT-PRINT of Corporation. Copyright Corporation. rights The and the Bluetooth SIG, Inc. and of such Corporation Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. DPOF of CANON INC., Company, and SD Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, and Memory PRO of Corporation. Card of Co.,Ltd. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation. rights CD/DVD back front cover/front reflective memory USB cover (right) head
Instructions Instructions of the instructions this section when and this this to and humidity. Also, this from sunlight, light, and heat to shocks, or enough around this this outlet where easily and this this that the of this If this the than the back of this and the This properly it or this its or from the choosing the type of indicated the the back of this the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. AC the or cord. If with this that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the the this this or cover the and this the cover when this action such as You incorrectly. to service this yourself. the this to this this and servicing to service the following The or this this or the this normally or performance. the this the of the reach of allow to or when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. or tear the the otherwise, and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the operation of Instructions English
the Functions Function LCD of the selected items or which with the buttons. If this without operation the LCD to Press other than the On to the LCD to the which appeared turned to the On this and off. this the On light indicating that this completed its Creative Copy or Memory Card Memory Card Copy Copy Scan Scan the of the the memory each the the LCD and to the the of or B&W or or Stop copying, or scanning. The or ejected. Selects the items. OK the selected.
Copying of the Procedure Press the Copy Loading of the section the or the the necessary. the Copy You the necessary. Copy Press the to or B&W to If to the Stop button. the of this If the of the correctly, the slightly from the of the the while or copying; otherwise, this Loading The affected the of the the enough front of this to ejected. the CD/DVD this and the CD/DVD closed. Loading A4 the front A4 the front other than A4 the back the front cover the hollow as illustrated. of then it to the the with the facing with the right Then, the the front that the of the with the the front Copying English
the too If the correctly. the that the of the the and the You to You when selected the Copy Loading the back the Copying The the A4 sheets of the A4 the and the the front cover the hollow as illustrated. the and the of then to the the with the facing and the right then the back the the first.
the that the of the the The the following of to EPSON Bright White to sheets EPSON Quality EPSON Heavyweight EPSON EPSON EPSON copying and from memory Loading Capacity to Bright White to sheets Bright White to (PQIJ when copying and when to sheets to One Iron-on Cool The type selected when selecting Custom and Iron the Memory Card You when selected the Copy or the the cover. the facing the that the properly the cover its copying or copying CD/DVD, the from the of the the reflective to the cover. the cover that the To the properly, the cover to interference from the light. from memory Copying Loading Capacity One English
C the Copy Copy Information Other Copy Information The that selected More to Copy this with the More Copying Copy with without copying CD Copy CD or DVD Copying CD/DVD Press the Press the OK Copy-Auto to its as as it A4 Copy-16 Copy A4 To Copy Copy the the Select Copy Select the Copy OK A4 Select the Copy
Copy Copy Information Copy Item Item to the amount of to Press the OK to the information, the section. Copy the selected the Copy GlossyPhoto, PQIJ, Bright White Bright White CD/DVD A4, A5, A6, the to to. Quality Text, the of the to The items and to the selected. Copy together as OK The reduced or to the selected the type of which to Press the OK copying Copy Select the Item. Select the Item. the of Copying English
the Item to the to the reduced or that fits the of the A4 A4 A4 A5 A5 A4 to the which the reduced or and copied. Item Item Copy the of the of to ON clear when copying text This when copying with Copying Select the Press the OK OK to the reduced or selecting the selection Select the Item. OFF Press the Select the Item. Press the OK the Item. the which the reduced or
Information Copying copying function, (cross-hatch) appear To the the ratio or the of the The exactly the as the the type of used, the top and of the or these smeared. If this of while to as as If without of the of the first those of the If the LCD while copying, the or and then the the the clean. the the otherwise the becomes of photographs the of They to the of the heavy top of this copying this the to slightly than the the of the that the of the copied. To Copy the first of the the Select Copy as the the necessary. Press the or B&W button. The first of the copied. the following of the the when to appears the LCD Press the or the B&W The following of the and copying completed. If to copying, the If to the Copy and and to copying. Copying English
copying Copy each as shown the below. You than and than inclusively. each least from its You You of You the Restoration Restoration to On or that sunlight with nearly their Copying
Copying CD/DVD CD/DVD as the or Printable with The easily smeared immediately to CD/DVD completely than hours them or touching the allow the CD/DVD to sunlight. the If the CD/DVD or the section of the CD/DVD immediately off the the CD/DVD the Loading CD/DVD the front cover the hollow as illustrated. Press the CD/DVD The CD/DVD the CD/DVD the CD/DVD with the the CD/DVD the CD/DVD the arrow the CD/DVD with the arrow the CD/DVD CD/DVD Press the Copy the CD/DVD. Loading CD/DVD the the or the The the the scanned. the or reduced to CD/DVD and to doughnut Select Copy and CD Copy Select Quality and the Copying CD/DVD English Select Copy Select CD Copy
Press the to or the B&W to If to copying, the Stop that of the CD/DVD, CD/DVD. If necessary, the the If appears the LCD follow the instructions the LCD to clear the The of CD/DVD as follows. CD/DVD the Press the CD/DVD To the or CD/DVD To the or right, CD/DVD Left/Right Select the amount to the Select the when the or and the when or right. You from to This the turned off, to the each the CD/DVD function. Ejecting the CD/DVD that copying finished. the CD/DVD straight from the CD/DVD Press the CD/DVD The CD/DVD OK OK
Directly from Memory Card that the USB when directly from memory otherwise the Memory Cards the memory cover. the memory light the memory off, and then memory as as the Card Card Memory Stick/MagicGate Memory Stick/ Memory PRO/ Memory PRO Memory Card/ Card*/MultiMediaCard CompactFlash/Microdrive required. You memory the memory cover. try to the memory the Memory the Incorrect of memory this memory or both. the memory cover closed while the memory loaded, which protects the memory and the from and otherwise the memory or this the memory this the charge the memory this to malfunction. If the memory incorrectly, the memory light memory the finished and the memory light flashing. the memory cover. the memory it straight from the the memory or off the while the or while the memory light flashing. the memory If this with which or XP installed, this off or the USB with memory this this the memory the the memory cover. Directly from Memory Card English
the of the LCD and Selecting You the of the when selecting One the memory You to as the of the memory You to as the of photo the memory and to the photo automatically. You the of when Directly from Memory Card Screen Select the the of Press the OK Select the photo. the of Press the OK
selecting You the of the when selecting Select the memory Select the of the memory and the of each. the as the of DPOF Prints with the DPOF function. information, with DPOF Press the Option Press the to the of each photo. Press the to the of each Directly from Memory Card Select the Select option. Press the OK button. OK Select the first photo. Press the OK OK the photo. Press the OK OK Press the OK OK English
Directly from Memory Card memory Press the Memory Card Select Custom Select the the which to and the of the of the LCD and Selecting the Loading Press the or B&W to If to the Directly from Memory Card OK OK One Sheet You the memory You and memory Press the Memory Card Custom Select the Select the which to and the of the of the LCD and Selecting the Loading Press the or B&W to If to the Stop OK OK
You and memory Press the Memory Card Select Custom Select Crop the necessary. Select the photo. the to the and the Confirm the and the of Press the when the OK OK OK the the of the Press the OK OK Loading Press the or B&W to If to the You to memory Press the Memory Card Select Custom Select Select the which to and the of the of the LCD and Selecting photo selected, of the the of or selected, of each selected this the the back Loading the back Press the or B&W to the of If to the Directly from Memory Card OK OK English
the sheet Press the To the or To the or right, Left/Right Select the amount to the Select the when the or and the when or right. You from to This the turned off, to the each the function. Directly from Memory Card CD/DVD This section information to the LCD to directly CD/DVD, without the of to the the from connected to the CD/DVD as Printable the or with The easily smeared immediately to CD/DVD completely than hours using them or touching the allow the CD/DVD to sunlight. the If the CD/DVD or the section immediately off the Reprinting the CD/DVD the memory CD or DVD. Loading CD/DVD Press the Memory Card Select Custom CD/DVD the OK OK
Select the which to and the of the of the LCD and Selecting You the of to than CD/DVD. than when Press the or B&W to If to the Stop that of the CD/DVD, CD/DVD. If necessary, the the If appears the LCD follow the instructions the LCD to clear the The of CD/DVD as follows. CD/DVD CD You CD A4 memory Press the Memory Card Select Custom Select CD the Select the which to and the of the of the LCD and Selecting the Loading Press the or B&W to If to the Stop Directly from Memory Card OK OK English
EPSON Iron-On Cool You EPSON Iron-On Cool and the using memory Press the Memory Card Select Custom Select Iron the Select the which to and the of the of the LCD and Selecting EPSON Iron-On Cool the back Loading the back Press the or B&W to If to the Stop Directly from Memory Card OK OK Sheet You handwritten or to photographs using the ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC
memory Press the Creative button. Select Select Select and Template Select the which to the of the LCD and Selecting A4 the front Loading A4 the front Press the to If to the with handwritten written the On the to the to the type and and of the below: Not OK OK Select the type and Select the the Select the of the handwriting the to write or that to to the photo. the third from the or to to the of the the selected the the Sheet with its and its top touching the of the or the Select Scan Template and Card to If to the Stop Directly from Memory Card Prints the and handwritten the of the Prints handwritten the and photo the of the Prints handwritten the photo. Prints handwritten with thin photo. Prints handwritten with thick photo. ABC ABC ABC ABC ABC OK English
with DPOF Functions DPOF Format) industry-standard This conforms to DPOF DPOF and the of To DPOF that DPOF. DPOF, to the of memory which DPOF Press the Memory Card or Custom Custom the Press the once the Select displayed. Select DPOF Loading Press the or B&W Custom only) to If to the Stop Directly from Memory Card OK OK with You and creative to photographs using the PIF DESIGNER software and them with the EPSON PRINT software. Choose from of ready the software CD-ROM and the to memory the of each of You the thumbnails and of PRINT with memory containing PRINT Press the Memory Card Select Custom Select P.I.F. A4 the front Loading A4 the front Press the If to the Stop OK OK
with PRINT memory containing and PRINT to the PRINT to the memory using the EPSON PRINT otherwise the P.I.F. appear the LCD Press the Memory Card button. Select Custom Select or Select the P.I.F. that to as the the P.I.F. as the the to to the Select the photo which to and the of the of the LCD and Selecting Confirm the and of the LCD Loading Press the or B&W to If to the OK OK Directly from Memory Card English
Item Item GlossyPhoto, Bright White Bright White CD/DVD A4, A6, the CD Prints without with Prints with the top, and both Prints of P.I.F. Prints with PRINT Prints the CD/DVD, the the of the You this option only when CD/DVD selected the Memory Card Custom Prints four the CD/DVD, with each of the four You this option when CD/DVD selected the Memory Card Custom Prints the CD/DVD, around the outer of the You this option when CD/DVD selected the Memory Card Custom Prints of the CD You this option when CD selected the Memory Card Custom Index Prints the CD You this option when CD selected the Memory Card Custom Directly from Memory Card Prints the type select. Prints and the and shooting printed. The of each photo to the of to and the of You and white Crop selected, of the to the selected of of the when other than the Crop selected. Select the Item. Select the Item. Press the OK OK
Item Item CD/DVD) Normal slightly Item Format Prints the shooting Format Prints the shooting Quality Normal, the quality. or If P.I.M. as Correct. Correct P.I.M.* Prints using the PRINT Matching function. If the photo include P.I.M., try with PhotoEnhance. Brightness Highest of Sharpness Sharpest the of Press the Item Prints with information. The when that already and to the memory using this Prints with information. 12-hour The when that and to the memory this 24-hour Prints If PhotoEnhance as Correct. PhotoEnhance Prints automatically. It Prints using the function. It with high-quality Prints with correction. slightly Brighter slightly Brightest bright. Higher of slightly the outline of slightly the outline of slightly the outline of Directly from Memory Card Select the Item. Select the Item. Press the OK OK English
Item Item Lowest slightly Higher slightly Highest On (and removes) This when selected as the Correct Info. Prints with information. On information about the to On Automatically the of that the of the selected Either the top and or the and right of the aspect ratio of the photo and the selected the Bidirectional On* turning this function bidirectional from right to and from to right). Indicates the Directly from Memory Card
from Loading and the Table the its or Touching the with or other the the of the cover and the the covers connected to the TPU interface and the cover. the reflective the cover. the the and the Follow the instructions below as to the cover. the the with the and with the front the front of the the where the and ID correctly. the cover. the the with the where the facing from English Top
the the with the where the facing the the with the facing The of the the where the and ID correctly. There that to the of the pitch within the of the with too force. the cover completely. (ring-shaped appear the To the the with the facing the the the cover. the from Top to10 You to without and the Loading and the Press the Select Select the type. Selecting the Select the and the of Loading Press the or B&W to If to the OK OK Select the photo. the of
You to and of with the and the Press the Select Custom Select the Select the type. Selecting the Select the and the of Loading Press the or B&W to If to the OK OK OK You and from and the Press the Select Custom Select Crop the necessary. Select the type. Selecting the Select the photo. Select the photo. the of the to the and the Confirm the and the of Press the when the Loading Press the or B&W to If to the Stop OK OK OK from English
Selecting the B&W Item Item Bright White Bright White GlossyPhoto, A4, Prints the select. Prints without with Prints with Restoration ON and This when B&W selected as the OFF and as they from OK Select the Item. Select the Item. Press the OK OK Prints the type select. Item Quality Normal, Prints the select. the the the cover. the cover. the the cover. the reflective the cover. OK Item Normal More Press the Select the Item. the Item. Press the OK
Scanning to Memory Card information to or the The JPEG to the which created when to memory Scanning and to Memory Card the or the memory Memory Cards Press the Scan to the Scan Select Scan to Memory Card the Selection Scan Text, Graphics Quality Normal, Text and OK Select the Item. Select the Item. Press the OK OK Quality affects the of as follows: type Text Normal KB Graphics Normal KB *A4, Press the button to scanning. If to scanning, the Stop the while as this Scanning and to Memory Card the Loading and the memory Memory Cards Press the to the Select Scan to Memory Card Select the type. Selecting the Quality Scanning Text and KB Text and MB OK Scanning to Memory Card English
Select the photo and the of the photo to Select the Quality option the buttons. Scan affects the of the to enough to the following Quality Scanning Text KB MB Press the to scanning. If to scanning, the Stop Scanning to Memory Card Select the photo. the OK
Directly from Directly from You this with which the USB DIRECT-PRINT or PictBridge the of the to its Turn this that memory loaded. Press the Select PictBridge the necessary. OK Select the Item. Select the Item. OK Turn the then this and the with USB the to the to to the the the the of this information Loading from the of the reflected the of the specifications. You TIFF If to TIFF directly from memory Directly from English
Directly from Directly from You directly from such as MO CD-R or USB when connected to this with USB This with that backed using this Copying from the memory to of the section. Not of the that connected USB supported. Customer that this and the switched off and that memory loaded. USB to the to this then switch them both using USB flash the directly the USB and to that the the following displayed, which to from. Follow the as when from memory to Directly from OK Copying from the memory to Follow and Directly from the section. the memory Memory Cards Press the Memory Card Confirm the following then the OK button. Press the OK to the OK OK
Cartridges Choosing Cartridges You the following with this Black Black T5591 Light Light recommends the of warranties cover to caused the of Checking the Press the Select The amount of appears. Press the OK to to the previous once the OK Precautions Cartridge If to temporarily from this to the supply of the from and the the as this The the supply to that released. recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding T5592 T5593 T5594 T5595 T5596 This with IC The IC the amount of each and then of its used. becomes empty, copying or the other copying or the to copying or the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning when this turned and charging when this the This the amount of using IC built the the amount of the IC and therefore the amount of change. replaced, the become empty. appears to the the IC the top of the This the Cartridges English
Cartridges Precautions Cartridge and the empty: to the LCD to which empty. the Proceed to the the covers. from its the that to the of this and of properly. the or to The shows of the light Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the otherwise, the head Cartridges the clicks the covers. turn off this while charging this charging of the repeatedly and the once If with become right the this the with
and Transporting Checking the Head If that the unexpectedly or the the head to the the CD/DVD this and the CD/DVD closed the that A4 the front and the Select Confirm the the LCD then the OK to the the head to cleaned Not head to cleaned. The (CMYK). If the there or head. To these the OK and follow and Cleaning the Head of the section. If the the to to the OK Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. head cleaning both and To wasting the head the or incorrect or cleaning the head, the first to really to cleaned. This appears the LCD to to the or to the the head. this the first. the CD/DVD this the Head Cleaning utility. Press the button. Select Head Cleaning Confirm the the LCD then the OK to head cleaning. head cleaning from the LCD the OK to the to that the head and to the cleaning Checking the Head of the section. off this while Head cleaning Doing this OK and English
If the repeating this four or this off and overnight. Then, the and head cleaning necessary. If the or of or and to replaced. To To least once month. the Head If properly the to this the head. the Stop to while the CD/DVD this and the CD/DVD closed the head that A4 the front and the Select Head Confirm the the LCD then the OK to head and Transporting OK The following sheet printed. the each and the patch which printed, with noticeable or the and the and the OK Press the OK to finish. Restoring Factory This the to If this function, the each to the which the factory. Press the Select to Factory OK OK Select the the
the the LCD the OK to the the to their Transporting This Product If to this using the (or that this fits and as follows: or this its or from the the their when this the this to the protective from this using from the and that this off. the that the head the the right. the the cover and the to the the from the the CD/DVD then the and front the protective to both of this and then this and the to catch the cover's this to from the the LCD You the the LCD Press the Press the or to Press the or to the that to then the OK and Transporting English
Troubleshooting You and the the LCD If the the the following and the recommended The which when this as to the scanning, or computer-related occurred the Turn this off, and then back If the occurred. Please appears, occurred the Turn this off, and then back Then occurred. Please the released. If the appears, Service required. the of their service life. Service required. near of their service occurred Retry the If the there Format formatting. with memory or the and Clearing the If this appears the LCD You to clear the using the Follow the instructions below. Press the to the If the ejected, to the where the If the the feeding of the hand. If the the ejecting the of the hand, and then the If the this the On to off this the and the CD/DVD of the hand, including torn clearing the the and the CD/DVD and then the On of the front or back Troubleshooting
The Improperly selected as the the LCD and the of the white or light, the of the might correctly. This the to improperly sized. To this, as the and then the Optional to the of the The Printout Blurry or Smeared If the or smeared, the thickness. Press the Select Thickness Select On The Thickness to On this turned off. The to the this turned OK OK Prompting You to Format the Memory Card Appears If the to the memory appears the LCD the OK to the memory memory when the memory the Press the to and then with The Terms the LCD Not Displayed If the displayed the LCD the to the from the the displayed the LCD Troubleshooting English
Customer Contacting Customer If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information services Warranty information to EPSON Customer They to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About, Info, or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with to and the section of EPSON the and other Technical with that using the troubleshooting information Customer Product Specifications 120V to 120V Rated to copying ISO10561 off 220-240V to 240V Rated to copying ISO10561 off the the back of this the information. Operation:10 to 35C to 95F) Mechanical front and back About sheets (W H, including and back: About light light
Scanning type A4 or US (The reading specified from software.) Scanning A4 A5 distributed Thickness to to inch) to Quality A4 distributed Bright White A4 A5 distributed A4 distributed A4 distributed A4 distributed A4 distributed A6 distributed Iron-on Cool A4 distributed CD/DVD CD/DVD, CD/DVD Printable CD/DVD Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or reduce the and or other If switch to higher or to 25C to 77F) Humidity to RH Memory memory Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory Memory SD Card Card* CompactFlash Card required. The of each memory memory types. to to the with memory DCF JPEG or TIFF with DCF to to of to DCF the which the and Information Industries Association (JEITA). Supports You with containing characters. Product Specifications English
Summary of Copy Copy Copy CD Copy GlossyPhoto, PQIJ, Bright White Bright White CD/DVD A4, A5, A6, Quality Text, A4 A5 A5 A4 A4 to A4 Copy More Copy OFF, ON Summary of to Copy Copy-Auto Copy Copy-4 Copy Memory Card Custom Custom CD Iron Crop CD/DVD
Memory Card GlossyPhoto, Bright White Bright White CD/DVD A4, A6, CD with P.I.F. (CD/DVD), (CD/DVD), (CD/DVD) Index Normal, CD/DVD) Memory Card Format Format 12-hour 24-hour Quality Normal, Photo, P.I.M., PhotoEnhance, Brightness Brighter, Brightest Highest, Higher, Sharpness Sharpest, Sharper, Lowest, Lower, Higher, Highest On, Info. On to On, Bidirectional On, Scan to Memory Card Custom Scan B&W Custom Crop Bright White Bright White GlossyPhoto, A4, with Restoration OFF, ON Summary of English
Quality Normal, Saturation, Normal, Scan Scan to Memory Card Scan to Scan to PC Scan Scan Text, Graphics Quality Normal, Text and Creative Summary of Scan A4 Restoration On, Select and Template Scan Template and CD/DVD CD/DVD Left/Right Head Cleaning BT ID Head BT Connectivity PictBridge BT Encryption Direct BT PIN Memory Card BT Thickness to Factory Left/Right