RC170 Option OP1 EM068P1378F
RC170 Option OP1
RC170 Option OP1 Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. rights OP1
FOREWORD WARRANTY If the associated of the and OP1 Thank purchasing products. This the information the of the Please this and other related the this easy The and its optional shipped to customers only subjected to the tests, and inspections to its with high performance Product malfunctions from or repaired free of the warranty (Please Office warranty information.) repairs the following they the warranty or malfunction caused which the or Malfunctions caused customers unauthorized disassembly. to or unauthorized caused such as specifications the this warranty If follow the WARNINGS and CAUTIONS this malfunction or the or death. and Therefore, this the of
TRADEMARKS TRADEMARK NOTATION IN THIS MANUAL NOTICE INQUIRIES of the SERVICE CENTER OP1 Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other Other and or of the respective Microsoft XP Microsoft Throughout this XP, and to respective operating generically to XP, and of this or without authorization. The of this to without Please should this or its the following service repairs, inspections or If service information indicated below, please the office Please the following items and its and its Software and its
MANUFACTURER SUPPLIER Others SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION TEL FAX SUPPLIERS North South America EPSON AMERICA, INC. TEL FAX E-MAIL EPSON DEUTSCHLAND TEL FAX E-MAIL Reading This NOTE the OP1 to the following Connecting to the following RC420 RC520 SRC5** SRC-3** SRC-2** malfunction of the the assignments OP1 Factory JAPAN Factory Automation/Robotics Carson, CA Factory D-40670
WARNING OP1 indicated throughout the the following to the shown with each WARNING WARNING CAUTION of Safety, to the Please and the chapter the trained should and the Trained as those who and the or or those who the thoroughly and the knowledge and as those who completed the authorized who the should allowed to teaching or of the The the that follows the and regulations of each The who the knowledge of (operations, teaching, The who completed the the or locally-incorporated allowed to the This that of serious or death the associated instructions followed properly. This that of to people caused shock the associated instructions properly. This that of to people or physical to and the associated instructions properly.
authorized who the should allowed to the The the that follows the and of each The who the knowledge of (operations, teaching, knowledge of inspections, and knowledge of related The who completed the system-training and the or locally incorporated allowed to the Immediately the EMERGENCY STOP switch whenever WARNING The with EMERGENCY STOP switch. operating the that the EMERGENCY STOP switch the properly. the when the switch function properly and serious and/or serious to the as the switch its function to the the and the properly. allow the heavy the or the forcibly.) The the to the and/or or and shock and/or function of the the heat or fire. WARNING shock the physically or the If the If or clothes, immediately and clothes thoroughly with and immediately. The within the this This and strictly this the that the shorten the of the serious CAUTION or the yourself. disassembly, or of the function of the serious to OFF the connecting and Connecting or the with the ON malfunction of the OP1
Emergency Stop WARNING OP1 Immediately the EMERGENCY STOP switch whenever The with EMERGENCY STOP switch. operating the that the EMERGENCY STOP switch the properly. the when the switch function properly and serious and/or serious to the as the switch its function Furthermore, the EMERGENCY STOP switch function when nothing displayed the the of the to the Press the EMERGENCY STOP switch to the and OFF the motors. The and other the EMERGENCY STOP switch pressed, the Emergency Stop both mechanically and electrically. To operation, follow the below to the to Emergency State the of the Emergency Stop, and that the operated when resumed. Release the EMERGENCY STOP switch. To release mechanical turn the EMERGENCY STOP switch to the right. the and the the Emergency Stop released, the EMERGENCY STOP the OFF
Specifications Specifications Specification OP1 Specifications Item Specifications Rated DC DC to or AC charger and FG Insulation VDC M or and FG Specifications Item Specifications and of to C to to or of to (operation (EN61000-4-4) (EN61000-4-2 immunity Appearance Specifications Item Specifications Protective JEM1030 IP65 or NEMA#250 TYPE4X/12 W215 H155 D46 (Including the Cooling Air-cooling without blower The protective the front when the Though conformity confirmed testing guaranteed. to the the operating Also, that of or once the scratched or dirty, and protection performance. To protection performance, the to C (with
and Functions WARNING WARNING OP1 This displays information, and operation, entry, and other operations. the backlight of the the completely and what the The switches, however, nothing the LCD though the ON, the to immediately and the Function switches These switches from the EMERGENCY STOP switch This switch Emergency Stop. this switch pressed, the Emergency Stop both mechanically and electrically. the each OFF and the immediately. to release Emergency Stop, to Emergency Immediately the EMERGENCY STOP switch whenever The with EMERGENCY STOP switch. operating the that the EMERGENCY STOP switch the properly. the when the switch function properly and serious and/or serious to the as the switch its function emergency. Specifications
Specifications Teach To that the and function properly, to the when the Teach connected. to the Teach or the WARNING HCOM Mounting hasp These hasps the TOOL This the to the firmware. OP1 OP1 This lights when the switch turned ON. This the optional Teach RC170. the Teach to connected, the The the Emergency Stop the Teach or connected. This the from the to the This the high-speed (RJ45) both top and locations) the straight to the and right to the RC170. the the RC170 with head screws. Head Screw both of the RC170 Connector
Appearance and OP1 Appearance (without mounting hasps) appearance (with mounting hasps) [Unit [Unit Specifications
Specifications OP1 Mounting M4 4.1 M4 Screw [Unit 4-R3 or [Unit
OP1 OP1 Mounting hasp Applicable ST400-WP01 that to the (accessory with OP1). the with the facing and the (provided) the front from the rear. to the to About the the that the attached to the that of or once the scratched or dirty, and IP65 dust-proofing and performance. the or when scratches or the seams of the the corners of the the seams of the the corners of the force to the seams and the torn. To and the that its seams to the the
OP1 Mounting to the mounting the and mounting hasps to the To performance, the free of scratches and effective to The thickness should from to Choose thickness the of the operation, and to the least from surrounding and other the within the operating of to and operating of to The malfunction of these (The operating to both the and the the from overheating to heat surrounding [Unit
OP1 The installation. It this the of from the within Within If the of such as forced cooling, to the operating from exceeding the the the from the front. the of the mounting hasps the four mounting the top and of the the mounting hasps the rear. Mounting
Connecting to the the and the properly. allow the heavy the or the forcibly.) The the to the and/or or and shock and/or function of the the heat or fire. WARNING to OFF the and Connecting or the with the ON malfunction of the CAUTION OP1 the screws of the mounting hasps. Tighten the four screws slowly, the screws the To performance, the Turn OFF the the TP/OP from the the right of the OP1 to the and with head screws. the straight to the of the and with screws.
Teach OP1 the connected to the the of the Teach to the and tightly. NOTE to screw the tightly to and performance. that the Teach that the EMERGENCY STOP switch of the Teach operates. nothing connected to the TP/OP of the the Emergency Stop the TP/OP when the Teach or the connected. and of the Teach when the ON. to while the OFF. NOTE NOTE
Operation Operations OP1 The with to The switched to each of these I/O History Application This displays Emergency Stop, the from the the selection, and shutdown, and from Emergency Stop and this to the RC170 from This states. If the of each hints as to which the why the when to I/O This the I/O input, I/O and memory I/O states. If these hints specifying the when the to or History This displays the history and that the Application This the and interface. The displayed this the command the input from this the command the
OP1 to each of these the of the You to the these buttons. the prompted to or operation, the the respective the of the the to the and the of or input). The the when the ON. Normally, of seconds to the The shows that the the of the The of the firmware the displayed the right of the If the successfully, the switches to the
(when operations from the Emergency Stop OP1 Ready The or and selecting and This displays the operation of the the TEACH MODE, the operated from the Teach AUTO MODE RC170 (AUTO) PROGRAM MODE RC170 (AUTO) Emergency Stop This ON when the the This ON when the This displays the of the This ON when the assigned instruction to motion. This ON when their Serious Warning
Serious OP1 This ON the serious occurred, the normally. the history To the the of the and the OFF then back ON This ON the normally. the history To the the of the and the Warning This ON confirmed the history To the warning, the of the warning, and the OFF then back ON The of the that displayed within the to This ON This ON Ready This ON of instructions to from To the operations such as or from the the the as of these operations. The to PC from the to the to PC to the the USB EPSON RC+. Select to the Select and OP when occurred that recovered when occurred. occurred, when warning occurred. Warning when the when the when the ready
If the as buttons and OP1 displayed the to these operations. (when operations from the This selecting the of the to of the or buttons or the currently displayed You directly input touching the This the Touching this of the currently selected This as the of or displayed. This the currently of This the currently This Emergency Stop or I/O However, I/O the from the to EPSON RC+ Command Preferences
right of the OP1 The allows to the of each the of each hints as to which the why the when to interlock or You that displays and that displays the the of each and the the of the currently function displayed. the that shows the function of the appears touching the or right of the The touching. the switch the to the switch the Switches to the Switches to the To switch to and to the switch the right of the Operation
The refreshed seconds. displayed, or the the operations actually normally. This, however, malfunction. I/O Screen OP1 The following displayed: The The or The The that the motion occurred the the I/O the I/O input, I/O output and memory I/O states. these hints specifying the when the to or interlock You that displays worth of I/O and that worth of I/O the the and I/O assigned to each displayed. I/O
OP1 I/O displayed the to and I/O the the currently displayed I/O and temporarily the I/O the The touching. Touching the INPUT, OUTPUT or MEMORY displayed the top of the switches the the following I/O input I/O memory I/O. ON indicated as The I/O to displayed touching the or You the I/O to directly the Switches to the Switches to the and that displayed, the OFF. and OFF indicated as
History OP1 history and containing to records the RC170 the History the history that to the History of the History displays summary of histories. The history displayed the top of the while the history displayed the of the The to, the the histories become. switched touching the or You the and directly to If the summary of history, the of that history To the the Summary of the warning or
Application OP1 The Application the and interface. The displayed this the the input from this the the The Application of characters the and the The of the to that characters to Application Application Operation
OP1 The of the the input the the the input the of the Application input) the of input, the input This displays the input this to input and the the input Application (text input) the of text input, F1 to F6 function switches the right of the the as input, the input the the input the F1 to F6 input displayed. You this instead of the function switches to input text If the or commands from the while displayed, the Application the to the the of the command, the when the Application displayed. the of the command, the to the input completed. to
OP1 If the right of the firmware touched while the displayed, the the appears. finished the the <OK> the right of the To the and the the the of the This item switches the each of the of the switches the the following The the titles, that each To text that issued the history or the correctly, with the used. The become when the The from the English. to About
OP1 whether or to switch the to the Application or the Each of this the and The switched. The switched.
OP1 The of the with of characters This text and from the the to the following the where the Function displayed the If the world displayed the of the Next, the following Function to Next displays through to the displayed, of the first the the from the off from the and the of the displayed the
from OP1 Text such as the The RC170 the following three which displayed the from the RC+ Teach There of selecting A: Selecting the the of the the offset B: the selection OfsQty the as the the offset The from that that the switched. specified from the the To from the specify the the of the command. and to the from the the the to the the from the as the command, there of selecting the to input. A: Selecting the input the of the OfsQty the offset
OP1 B: the selection command as the command, switched the command. the as the the offset input from the the input the the input the of the If this input the input displayed. the input to input the and apply the input the the right of the input You the input the the to input with the command.
OP1 On the function switch F1 to F6 as input. Function switches F1 to F6 each to to the input the to F1 to F6 switch input. F1: UP F2: DOWN F3: LEFT F4: RIGHT Press of switches F1 to F4. If then processing: then processing: then processing: then Right processing: right processing: input You the input the the to input with the command. If the to input to when the executed, and F1 displayed the input
About OP1 of English, or as the the text that each displayed correctly. However, to correctly or the command, (character and text products used. when text the command to that the text correctly. correctly that Alternatively, characters displayed properly that displayed normally. English displayed of these to the to of and the the that with the
and Inspection and Inspection Touch the right top and the top of the to the Touch the of the to the from the other of the to the OP1
Brightness OP1 Touch the right and the of the to the Touch the of the to the from Touch the other of the to the brightness and Inspection
and Inspection The and the the to the of their function. To function the properly, the firmware of the and the correct. The firmware of the and the correctly from the the of the purchase or countermeasure. The of the indicated the Normally, The firmware the with the firmware. To the firmware, to the PC EPSON RC+ and the with USB required. Ethernet the PC and the with the USB Turn ON the and the EPSON RC+ the firmware CD-ROM to the CD-ROM of the PC. The appears. Click the The firmware The and the indicating the <OK> Click the the to the and Cleaning the or the apply and wring cloth to the or the NOTE the with things such as mechanical It scratches or malfunctions. OP1 the firmware completed.) input displayed, input the of the It the USB or OFF the or PC to the appears. Click the <OK> to the such as thinner, and strongly type.
About NOTE OP1 The and performance. that of or once the scratched or dirty, and IP65 and performance. the periodically* and performance. Periodically: Yearly, or when scratches or NOTE The performance (IP65 assured only when the mounted properly to the Procedure the with the the the seams of the the corners of the the that its seams to the the to the mounting of the (The from the and Inspection Seams
and Inspection Inspection Performing the inspection with the to the the Inspection of the the the the Inspection installation The backlight of the users. Please backlight OP1 the to the to 80%RH the connected completely? the the mounting hasp mounting securely? scratches or the OP1 type R12B120001 OP1TypeA OP1 type R12B120002 OP1TypeB OP1 R13B020009 OP1_Cable3M OP1 R13B031222