Copyrights and of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON UltraChrome EPSON EXCEED YOUR VISION, EXCEED YOUR VISION and their or of Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple and OS of Apple Inc. of Corporation. of International Corporation. Copyrights and Photoshop Lightroom and RGB or of Incorporated the United States and/or other countries. HP-GL/2 and HP RTL of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Corporation. rights CPD-41582
Introduction Instructions of these instructions using the to follow and instructions the choosing this this that than this This properly or to and humidity. Also from sunlight, light, or heat to and this from areas. this where the easily this or cover the this through the to this This with this only. with other fire or shock. to properly grounded outlets. using outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. Introduction the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. only the type of indicated the the that with this of another fire or shock. or cord. If with this the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or If to the the or If there the them with of the and this this or the the heads hand; otherwise this
the off the the this pressed, the light flashes then off. the or off the the light flashing. the of the reach of and If off with and If it them immediately with the the back and forth about within seconds. the the its the within of the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This operation and The IC this of cartridge-related information, such as the that the and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding Introduction this of Warning: to serious to to this or injury. Notes information the of this or information the of this otherwise noted, the this the T7270. this the following used. to XP. to and to and to Professional, and to Edition, Edition, Edition, Edition, and Edition.
XP to XP Edition, XP Professional Edition, and XP Professional. to Edition, Edition. to Edition and Edition. to Edition, Edition, R2 Edition, and R2 Edition. to Edition and Edition. to Edition and Edition. to OS X. OS to OS and Introduction
The shows the T7270. The operation the when the of the or other items cover this cover when cleaning the or clearing this that the when board. The that smoothly. Loading and Board C covers these covers when the the right cover. Introduction
basket/Large-capacity from the collects this the and of creases. the (T7270/T5270/T3270) the Large-Capacity (T7270D/T5270D) Casters There each The casters normally once the (T7270/T5270/T3270 only) Select to the of the to the the (T7270/T5270/T3270) switch (T7270/T5270/T3270 only) to choose Cartridge when Cartridges each AC the Option when the options such as the USB when connecting to using USB LAN the LAN light The and reception indicated or flashing light. On Connected. Flashing light The the 10Base-T 100Base-T 1000Base-T Introduction
This lights or flashes when Lights or flashes occurred. How the lights or flashes with the type of The displays of the this and the Attaching the attaching the these to to the Attaching the that the attached to the The this the attached. The through which and sheets head high while and right to cover to the when or should closed when the from the smoothly the Introduction
The shows the T7270D. Option to the optional or Unit. (T7270D/T5270D only) the of the Normally the connected when using the C Rear cover (T7270D/T5270D only) to the the cover, and then the Normally closed when using the Introduction
(T7270D/T5270D) The shows the T7270D. Insertion to Loading (T7270D/T5270D only) or these and or the Loading (T7270D/T5270D only) C the with these to to the Loading (T7270D/T5270D only) Introduction The this the attached. that the attached to the the when the Attaching the to to Unlock when attaching to the once the attached. to the of the
the and off. light light) The indicated or flashing light On The Flashing The or cleaning the head or other operations the of The off. Introduction C (Load/Remove Pressing this displays the Load/Remove Instructions or the displayed highlighting or the type of currently and then the Follow the on-screen instructions to or the the and the the currently selected the the and the (back If displayed, this the Operations buttons and right arrow buttons) these to The selected highlighted and the of the info updated the selected If displayed, these buttons to the or characters when text items such as or IP buttons buttons) displayed, these buttons to highlight items or Operations
the the currently selected the the and item highlighted, pressing this displays the the highlighted If while selected from the the or executed. when this displays the Highlight item and the to the highlighted button) the which and head cleaning. the Head The this while To release the the or the screen and then the To processed, the and then the Pressing this while or displayed the or and the to ready Introduction (Feed/Cut This with only. If the with or board, this It to manually the built-in If currently and the with feed first this and then the Press the to rewind. the to the to the to the to the to the when the of the reaches the Release the and then to
the operation, and What to Displayed Tabs/Info The tab/info the below. the buttons to Information the selected appears the info The information appears the info the button, the appears. The Info The of the appears when the used. If optional or Unit shows the of flashing that optional or Unit to the the or the off while the flashing. to this the the or Unit. Introduction The The information of appears the info the the appears. The Info the Source and of the used, shows the On shows the amount of the reaches or below the selected appears the and that shown below displayed to that the nearing the of the of the T7270D/T5270D, which selected the switching of Switching Automatically (T7270D/T5270D Only) The the info The Info shown the following the based the of the Normal Warning or Indicates that selected The or Indicates If there switching command, this selected
C Black Black The the info the the appears. The The Info shown the following the based the of the Normal Warning or The height of the with the of You to expended; with occurred. the the and clear the Introduction The the specified IP the info the the appears. The Copy This displayed when the optional connected. this to and then the the optional or Unit installed, the function. Copying and Scanning the (Option) The height of the to the amount of The nearing the of its service life. You to the of its service life. the with
The features of this below. High Productivity High-speed The of the head and feed increased The with high-speed significantly increasing productivity. sheets (T7270/T5270/T3270) The to sheets of A2/A1/A0/ARCH D/US D/US promoting productivity. the (T7270/T5270/T3270) which (T7270D/T5270D) This from A1 and the to the reduce the of the the Large-Capacity (T7270D/T5270D) operability with easy to and operation, the brightly-lit, LCD easy to and easy to The offers easy-to-understand and to Screen Checking operating from with immediately thanks to the highly This wasted when to of or Introduction Loading and increasing productivity (T7270D/T5270D) You locations, section) and section). This increases productivity the following of and the type the and switch and to the every the type. Switching to If of and the switches to the with the with the of the This easy to Switching to the and of and and the that the shorter than the length, switches to the that than the and This allows operation. Switching to Length High Thanks to UltraChrome XD the high-quality and CAD CAD clear, and with Newly-developed, high-density Black the to allowing to out-of-doors.
The offers to and, through reproduction of and the of connected and the when the highly lightfast and displays the to them The offers that the of with selecting to the the highly and They and and sunlight. processing. It to the to The of to and where To the and to both The it easy to Attaching the Ease of and including and from the front, allowing the to The to to allow access. Introduction Choose from three of to the Choose from and to the with which the used. cost-effective high-volume or or New offers greatly ease-of-use choosing the or This the of individually. On the the of the the and displays the caused to The displays graphically, reducing caused choices of that integrated and with the You the optional to the top of the when the This reduces the and allows to and location. Furthermore, this stress-free high copying. Copying and Scanning the (Option)
Notes and that the following clear of other that and obstructed. the Specifications the of the Specifications board, that there both front of and the Loading and Board T7270/T5270/T3270 T7270D/T5270D Introduction the The following shows the when the to the the thickness of the to inch or that there both front of and the to T7270D/T5270D T7270/T5270/T3270 Notes when using the the following when using this to breakdowns, and using the the operating and the "Specifications Specifications when the to properly the the to the where the the with the Also, when operating areas, or sunlight, the humidity.
the to heat or directly the of from or to this the head and The head to the right-hand and the turned off without first the function covering the head with to the head from this the and while automatically. the the or the the The head properly. this the and while automatically. when the head cleaning and other operations to the head Notes when the If using the following when the If correctly, to properly the used. If the head become clogged. that once to the head from The that the This or feeding or the head scratched. when the that the head (the head the right). If the head the the without The the from as expected. while the If the head capped, the and then off. Introduction To the of and other the covers If the with cloth or other cover. The head and they become easily the head, and to properly. turned of the head cleaning to Head cleaning about to Notes the following when to The and the The and relatively that of sunlight and the the To the the within year of installation. that should allowed to to of four hours. the IC the tops of the You to properly. each You of the empty.
The and other the IC allowing to and replaced. To the supply the properly. The supply to capped. around the supply to the surrounding when the To the of the head, this completely expended. Although the this function or performance. or You to properly. or otherwise, the Notes the following when and the If the the with each Notes to 77F to 25C), humidity: to the or scratch the of the touching the of the with and from the wearing Introduction and to become or curled. to scratch or the and the the throw the as the locations that to sunlight, heat, or their and them that from the correctly and then the that with the If the the its Notes To high the following or scratch the If they or scratched, the off. the to this to off. the completely or otherwise, the where they (leaving These they immediately and however, they If the they completely they to the sunlight. while or the following the instructions the
Typically, and to the of light and the This to with the the of the with information the The of and other appear lighting (light The of from this appear light Light include sunlight, light, light, and other types. Introduction
Summary of the The of the below. Converts from and to the such as and from the You these and easily or these the OS Introduction Allows to to quality, the and You easily or of the OS
Operations Loading and the attaching the the The that the The that the the following section. the optional attached to the the the hear click. On the T7270D/T5270D, the and attaching the the following Loading Loading Loading Loading (T7270D/T5270D only) Operations the Turn the pressing the Closing the the Leaving the board the proceeding. To the them, them and then release. the top of the T7270/T5270/T3270 and T7270D/T5270D
the switch of the with the of the to loaded. the to release the each of the to each of the Operations Press the they the with the to the Loading that the following
the cover. Confirm that the the right the Next, following the the Press the the Confirm that or highlighted the and the that the free of and the and then the Operations the Loading to On the T7270D/T5270D tone sounds. If hear the sound, to T7270/T5270/T3270 the Loading to the T7270D/T5270D. the of the straight the as shown. If the of the or cleanly, the built-in to the where printed. the the as shown to the through.
the and then the button. the Loading to the T7270/T5270/T3270 or T7270D/T5270D, the of the with the built-in the and then the within seconds. the cover. Operations the optional to the back the type. If the the loaded, the automatically, and the and automatically. Ready displayed, If the The shows the currently selected with the To with the displayed the to and the To the and the and
Loading (T7270D/T5270D only) that the following the to the the Press the the the buttons to and the the of and then the the instructed to the If the carelessly pulled while loaded, or Operations Confirm that the the the the of the facing Next, following the the that the of and the and then the
If automatically, and tone sounds. the Operations the and then the type. If information the the the loaded, the automatically, and the and automatically. Ready displayed, If information the the The shows the currently selected with the To with the the to and the To the and the and Cutting the The with built-in You of the following The each with the of the or The specified the and then the and as when the built-in
The types, such as those shown below, cleanly the built-in Furthermore, the following or reduce the of the built-in art board these with or the following Press the the to the that the location below the the using or third-party the T7270D/T5270D, these You the the or the however, that the selected with the when the used. and options when the optional It while to the If the bothersome, Cutting to the from the Advanced Option the (or Operations from the the buttons of the to the and the or the On cutting, The On selected the or selected the the location as below. that the following
Press the the of the without the cover, the to the location with the the right of the The of that with the built-in to inches to and If the shorter than the shortest the to to that length, and included. off the with Press the The the built-in Removing or This section to and The that the Operations that the following Confirm that the ready and the The Load/Remove displayed. Press the buttons to highlight and the If the T7270D/T5270D and and then the If On selected the The rewound. T7270/T5270/T3270 Once the rewound, the Press and T7270D/T5270D the rewound, tone sounds. the shows Turn to the cover and the hand.
the cover. the the optional to the from the the the the to the Operations the to release the the the the the cover. Removing (T7270D/T5270D only) This section to and of The that the
that the following Confirm that the ready and the The Load/Remove displayed. Press the buttons to highlight and the If and then the If On selected the The rewound. the rewound, tone sounds. the to the the Operations the of and then the the the optional to the from the the to the top of the
the back the the to release the the the the Operations Loading and Removing The and positioning with the thickness of the to inches to Loading to to Loading Board If the or curled, the the or If or loaded, this to the the or correctly. that the to its and and of the Loading the The that the The that the the following section. Supported
that the following Turn the the button. Closing the the T7270/T5270/T3270 and T7270D/T5270D Leaving the the proceeding. To the them, them and then release. Press the the Press the to highlight and the button. Operations the the with the the the its right with the the cover. the Confirm that Press displayed and the The the the type. The shows the type of currently selected with the To with the displayed the buttons to and the To the and the and quality.
Removing This section to when To that used, the and that the following Confirm that the the to them from the the The ejected from the and then hand. Operations Loading and This section to and from to thick. The with of the following A2/A1/B2/B1 /B1 inch/30 inch Not the T3270. Loading board both and front of the The amount of shown below. If the near there enough the rear. A2 inches inches A1 inches inch inches inches inch inches inches the The that the
The that the the following section. Supported that the following Turn the the Closing the the T7270/T5270/T3270 and T7270D/T5270D Press the the Press the to highlight and the the board Operations Press the and then them straight the to with its front of the as shown.
the board, using the to the the cover. Operations the board, checking to that the the cover. the trailing and right of the as shown the the right the to the right of the and the trailing with the of as shown.
positioning the the button. The the the type. The shows the type of currently selected with the To with the displayed the to and the To the and the and This section to board when To that used, the and that the following Confirm that displayed the the to from the the the board as shown the instructions. the board, the button. Operations If board the the Leaving the to To the them as shown, them and then release.
and the loaded, the shows the type currently selected with the If On selected and with loaded, the the and automatically. Follow the below to the displayed. If the T7270D/T5270D, retained each that the following the buttons to and the If with the displayed type, and the Next, to Imformation Selected Proceed Select the type, and then the Operations Select the and then the If On selected prompted to the of the Press the to choose and and the You If the to To the back to On the The Ready showing that ready to the to from the On selected the the following The following recorded the The amount of the selected and the type. The the of the when the rewound. The and the the used, efficiency when of used. Tracking the amount of the info The info shows the amount of the Once the amount of below the the amount showing that The predicts whether the the amount of and
displays the caused the through This allows to choose whether to the existing or the The T7270/T5270/T3270 when the optional or Unit to and Reprinting the Optional Unit If the T7270D/T5270D switch to or based predicted and Switching to Length Operations This section to The the with the type of loaded; follow the instructions displayed the that the following Confirm that the ready and the The Load/Remove displayed. Press the buttons to the type of to the and then the The the The the with the type of loaded, as below. If On selected when the automatically. If selected The automatically. the shows Turn to the cover and the hand.
to the rear, where they hand. partially to the front. Supporting the board with to the and the board. If the board, the board Leaving the to To the them as shown, them and then release. Follow the on-screen instructions to the the Operations the (T7270/T5270/T3270) The collects from the to the and becoming creased or dirty. If to collected, to the following collected of the type. when collected T7270 About inches inches T5270 About inches T3270 About inches collecting the the the the the or other that the length. the from the touches the that both to the and to lightly it The to of the when to of the following the continually, the of the with the to the the
and A1 US A0 US A2 ARCH C A1 ARCH US the T3270. If to other than the collecting the or other to the sheets. continuously, the the the sheet collected. and the or the Press the to the the the to the Operations the If the closed, as below. Lightly the
The function correctly when to the shown below right. when the the shown below the the to match the of the to collected. The with or to the correctly, the or the slightly, and Operations the top switching to the top shown the following the to match the of the to collected. of A1
other of the top switch to the top Operations the and then lightly. If the instead of the the and then while lightly.
the Large-Capacity (T7270D/T5270D) The collects from the to the and becoming creased or dirty. If to collected, or type of collected The following chart shows the that collected. when collected Large-capacity inches Compact inches the or other that the length. the from the touches the that both to the and to lightly this of to A1 Landscape. collecting sheets, the the the to that the of sheets that collected reduced to printed, and other factors. If too collected, If of A1 or or other to the sheets Operations and the the or the
the Compact the to the which the of the and right Operations the slightly, and then the to the which the of the and right
the slightly, and then Next, straight. To the from the to another the Operations the Unit (T7270 Only) The optional as printed. It or The this of the shown below. of or the other of these or the the following section information and Printed Printed with the the of the with the the of the the the as the the injury. that or other caught the of the to this injury.
Confirm that the of the straight across. The function as expected the of the or curved. information the the with the the This section to the the the of the On The ready The The power-saving occurred. The off. switch Selects the The with the Operations switch The with the The C switch Selects the The selected with the switch when the switch the The with the The with the the This section to to the The with the proceeding, the when On selected Cutting the the information the the the optional The increase the than three seconds. The increase the than three seconds.
that the following the switch to the outlet and that the lights. Turn the pressing the that the correctly the Press the the the the of the reaches the the to the Operations from third-party the and then the and right the the enough about three wraps around the the switch to to the three around the
the around the that around the sufficiently The with the with of the and the the of the as shown. the following section information that the the switch to the information the the the optional Operations that the following the switch to the outlet and that the lights. Turn the the that the correctly the Press the the the the of the reaches the the to the
from third-party the and then the and right the the enough about three wraps around the the switch to to the three around the Operations the around the that around the sufficiently the switch to Removing from the Unit This section to from the from the each of the the injury.
that the following the switch to the and the the the to the touching the to the the switch the or Operations Unlock the and from the the the with hand to to the the from the
from the to the to The basic below. Turn the and the the Loading Loading Board created the the Operations that the selected, or to the the options selected T7270/T5270/T3270 On the information the the and displays the To to the T7270D/T5270D If selected when the the the type and of the currently the the it switches to the to with the Switch Condition the of the
Switching Automatically (T7270D/T5270D Only) If the displayed, the the with the type and the Info The from the and the information displayed the If the Info clicked, information about the the displayed. the choose the Choose the selected when the created the Operations If the the Custom to Select to" and To the to to the of the when using to To without than the both the to" and options. Advanced and the and and the Quality choose option Select
Choose option to the type of and used. To choose correction or Advanced Correct and The selected reflected the the right; that correct. Click the OK Operations The displayed, and while The following when and the (the displayed. On this the the and
displayed or while OS X) Operations Turn the and the the Loading Loading Board created the from the of the and The displayed. OS or Click the of the
OS and the arrow to the If the the option the that this selected, and then the Select of the following options XXXX the such as A4. XXXX: with using the Margin selected the Operations XXXX with with top, right, and of and of or and and To from the OS or (when T7270/T5270/T3270) On the information the the and displays the and areas. To to the OS or (when T7270D/T5270D) If selected Switch when the the the type and of the currently the the switches to the to with the Switch Condition the of the Switching (T7270D/T5270D Only)
OS Choose and to the type of the If the displayed, the the with the type and the Info The from the and the information displayed. Choose the used. Choose option to the type of and used. To choose correction or Advanced Correct and Operations The selected reflected the the right; that correct. The displayed the while Click the to the You the of the and the information. You Also, while displayed.
Printable This section the the If the than the following sections the specified printed. selected the and right the and the the the the and right of the printed. The the below shows the the and right, the and right The arrow the the of the T7270/T7270D T5270/T5270D T3270 If selected Option the Advanced the top and Margins the option selected Margin the as shown the below. C Operations Margin Margin C Normal C C C Normal selected, the the following the following CAD the AC when the trailing of the off the the trailing the The when the Printable the and right, the and right with board.) factory Margin C C
The arrow the the of the T7270/T7270D T5270/T5270D T3270 Operations the The offers the following The when there received, and or other operations the the off and the internal and other switch off to cleared or the pressed. The the selected from and At the operations The from the the the as the turned off, the light The with option that the off received, and or other operations of The the off selected from and hours of hour. This section shows the T7270/T5270/T3270 The off received, and operations the or other operations hours or T7270D/T5270D
The the About You the applied. increase the efficiency. Please the Operations Canceling There to operations the the finished to the the from the the Canceling from the the displayed Click the Click the the while Whether or displayed the selected Right the of the to and from the To the If the to the displayed the
Canceling from the OS X) Click the the Select the to and then If the to the displayed the Canceling the Press the the and then the The the of It while the to ready You which the the the operation. "Canceling from the to the Operations
to and Reprinting the Optional Unit Function Summary optional or Unit to as the and as below. The optional the T3000/T5000/T7000 to this this and Products and as below. there with the the following information displayed. Other information, including whether the without to and Reprinting the Optional Unit and (T7270/T5270/T3270 only) If the or other selected with the from the specified the and suspended. restarted the by, the the following of temporarily the Therefore, the that with the the with the specified the and that that from that selected with the that that from that selected with the that specify that than that selected with the On selected the The factory and the and selected directly the without increasing the the and created with optional or connected to the to the with the following to the information other applications, the software or LFP Office EPSON CopyFactory5
From the of the and From Remote The Remote included the of the interface and, to the the and It launched the IP the Remote to individually and and individually. If the IP when the optional connected, the following appears. To the Remote information, the Remote information Remote the Network to and Reprinting the Optional Unit From LFP HDD only) The LFP HDD to It when the connected to the USB. It from the to or other when the the or the following the affected electricity or the incorrectly malfunction or the responsibility or other to including those and within the warranty that the recovery of or This section the to
created the the that the selected, or to to and Reprinting the Optional Unit the Advanced the the Unit and and or Next, the normally. If selected, the to the optional printed. and This section to and from the that the following Confirm that the ready to Press the buttons to highlight and the The displayed. Press the buttons to highlight and the
The info shows the of Press the buttons to highlight the and the Information the selected displayed. To without the the To the to Press the You prompted to the of Press the buttons to choose the of and the to and Reprinting the Optional Unit
Copying and Scanning Copying and Scanning the (Option) Function Summary Functions If the optional the following Copy If the optional to the T7270/T5270/T7270D/T5270D, to inches and Scan To to connecting the the optional or Unit to as the Scanned as JPEG or PDF and and as shown below. Attached to and then to another (Scan To to shared the (Scan To Shared to to connected to the that the (Scan To HDD) The and To whether this function supported, the included with the Copying and Scanning You operations or the following locations. On the Copy/Large Scan of the the following instructions. From Copy You the Copy software to and or to the the Copy Copy Function chart The following chart shows functions Copy Scan Scan To Scan To Shared Scan To HDD Operations that or as to Download or or shared history Copy
when the optional or Unit the of Scan To and Scan To Shared as to the of the to JPEG directly Starting Copy Copy included the interface of the and functions when the connected to the The following to Copy or connected to the the the IP specified the the and then the or the the displayed Copy The wireless LAN function. To the and the wireless LAN router or wireless LAN Copy Copying and Scanning operating and browsers, the following section. To to or to shared the and the and If the Scan to or Scan to Shared or CopyCenter without the security including the interception or falsification of information. that the sufficiently the that without security and then the security and responsibility. Remote to the (SMTP/POP3). with Copy Remote included the interface of this LAN
The following to Copy or connected to the the the IP specified the the and then the or the the Remote Select the and then the the of the the Remote Creating and Editing the Copy to and the Copy the of the the the Copy Loading Notes Loading the This section the and that and that loaded. If covered loaded, the the and the of or the from the of that to to inches) Copying and Scanning that Recycled Tracing Synthetic Newspaper thin clear or other that the following to this or the with creases or with with with with or attached with such as with or right with or attached
with to with the thickness of or the following three the (when thickness or of the If the attached, the them and ejected. the to (when thickness or the If the with the the to the and or the and (when Copying and Scanning thickness or the read, and backward. The amount of shown below. If the there enough the rear. A2 A1 inch inch Loading the with the To that the the of the
With the of the to facing the right of the with the the that the touches If the touches the the to the automatically. release and the of the Copying and Scanning the loaded, the and then the of the and the If the or with the attached, the of the If the or with that reading. Copying This section the to the of the the following the T7270/T5270/T3270 Loaded or If the greatly from the the and section or scanned. Press the to the and then the
T7270D/T5270D Select and then The to below. that the following Turn the the the turned the turned copying the the to that the appears. If another appears, the to the At the buttons to Copy and the The appears. Copying and Scanning On the the buttons to the of Press the to copying. To the or the to the Copy the connected to the T7270D/T5270D, whether to to or the Copy the Copy Operations Copy Scan copying finished, the to the Press the to the the copying copying finished, the If the with the the correctly. You the of the the the
Scan This section the to the of the that the following Turn the the If the the turned the function of the the to that the appears. If another appears, the buttons to the At the buttons to Scan and the appears to the of the the buttons to and the Copying and Scanning If the HDD selected, to If Shared or selected, to the buttons to the or and then the button. The of the appear. the pressed, To the the to the Scan the Scan Operations Copy Scan finished, the to the Press the to the the the or to the finished, the If the with the the correctly. You the of the the the the copying or finished, the when the The
the to backward, the If the with the the to the and or that the following At the buttons to and the the to Direction and the the buttons to the option and the Press the to Operations that Scanned or You the following operations or that from another (JPEG with that only) the function Copying and Scanning the Furthermore, the following the T7270/T5270/T3270 or T7270D/T5270D currently You whether the currently or selecting the as to the that the following that the appears. If such as appears the the of of the that At the buttons to or Scan and the of selected appears. The following chart shows the of the the
selected Scan selected the buttons to the to and the with displayed selected and the If another selected, to the information the selected displayed. the to the to and the If or selected, the and the operation. Indicates JPEG that If once, the to Indicates that directly. Indicates JPEG with that Indicates that to Indicates that directly. Indicates that to shared Indicates JPEG with that Indicates that to Indicates that directly. Indicates that to Indicates JPEG with that Indicates that Indicates that directly. Indicates that Indicates JPEG with that Copying and Scanning To Shared or selected, appears to the or Follow the operations as when scanning. the completed, the to the Press the to
More to and and The or reduce There three including or and with the the to Automatically or reduces the to the Specify You specify the or reduction this A4 More to to or reduces the to the from or as the using or the Advanced as to the of the the and that matches the
the Reduce/Enlarge and to Choose whether to the or of the to the More to to the selecting to the other and then OS Choose from the the and Reduce/Enlarge OS X) Select to and choose whether to the or of the to the other and then
Choosing the and that matches the the Reduce/Enlarge and Specify Choose input and to directly or the to the right of the to the other and then OS Choose from the the and Reduce/Enlarge OS X) choose specifying the and directly or the arrows to the right of the to the other and then
to the the and that matches the the Reduce/Enlarge and to Select the of the To the excluded, precisely the selected More to using that as as the selected the the Printable other and then OS Choose from the the and Reduce/Enlarge OS X) Select to and choose that matches the the other and then to the selecting to the
including or and with the the Once they the selected the and other The following used. T7270/T7270D to to The The that the the the the and the The the If the as Custom the with wider-than-expected which OS Custom although specify which this properly. The the the and the Custom T5270/T5270D to to T3270 OS X: to More to the the and You to characters the To and to the the option If the Aspect Ratio and or the or Height Custom when selected Source
To the the from the the To the the from the the and then You to Click OK The the of the You as OS the displayed, Custom from the OS X) If options the the Click and then the the Height the the and then OK More to The of and with the and the selected with the Printable To choose its from the the To the the the and To the the and The the operating operating Click OK You the from the You as
CAD The the HP-GL/2 and HP RTL You of the following to CAD with this the CAD of the included while HP-GL/2 and HP RTL, which Whether the normally or while HP-GL/2 and HP RTL and selected the If operation switching and correctly, the and to HP-GL/2 the CAD of the CAD with software, the CAD of the the of the Quality to Select and then CAD CAD (Color) or CAD More to The CAD CAD (Color) and CAD options when type to CAD selected. other and then OS the and from the OS X) to and then CAD CAD (Color) or CAD The CAD and CAD (Color) options Select when type to CAD selected. other and then
while HP-GL/2 and HP RTL The HP-GL/2 with HP 750C) and HP RTL. to with HP-GL/2 or HP RTL the output as shown below to T7270/T7270D/T5270/T5270D HP 750C C3195A T3270 HP 750C C3196A Not If its of that tested, the The as expected the of the to while HP-GL/2 and HP RTL, the following Select of the following options the Select of the If other used, reduced. Paper/Tracing Paper/Tracing Duty> HP-GL/2 while HP-GL/2 and HP RTL, the as follows: On the HP-GL/2 to Switching Automatically (T7270D/T5270D Only) Explanations this section typical to switch to the the Switching to when the following the below, the switch and with the type. You of the of its to in-house and to and this the as follows. the the of the Match Switch Condition The Match If the the Match the of the and that Source XXXXX XXXXX the of the currently
If the XXXXX and XXXXX the type to this or selected the of its Quality and other and then If The to the the appears, OS the of the Match Switch Condition More to The Match If the the Match On the the that and then from the that the Switch If the and the type to
this or selected the of its Quality and other and then If The to the the appears, Switching to when the following the below, the switch and with the of the You to switch to the with the when of including A0, A1, A2, and A3. this the as follows. The type the A2 A0 the of the Switch Condition More to The If the the the of the and that Source XXXXX XXXXX the of the currently If the XXXXX and XXXXX the the this A1
Quality and other and then The to the of (A0 Width). If A3 or A2 selected the to the of (A2 Width). OS the of the Switch Condition The If the the On the the that this A1 that the Switch If the and Quality and other necessary and then More to The to the of (A0 Width) If A3 or A2 selected the to the of (A2 Width). Switching to If the below, the switches and to the with the You to whether the than the of switch to the other automatically, and without this the as follows. A1 A1 the of the to the and to On and then the both and the or with the to the of the Switch Condition The If the the the of the and that Source XXXXX
XXXXX the of the currently If the XXXXX and XXXXX Quality and other and then If the predicts that the than the switches to the that than the and OS the of the to the and to On and then the both and the or with the to the of the Switch Condition The If the the More to On the the that and then from the that the Switch If the and Quality and other and then If the predicts that the shorter than the switches to the that than the and
You without the The of choose as shown below the type. the and right the and right with board.) the operation. About Cutting and right appear the top and of the Top and Printable of You using the following The the to slightly than the and the The sections which the printed; therefore, such as the to the of the as follows. to Match the and the If the the to the as as the the than the the to The the such as the to the of the as follows. than its the and right If the the to the as as the this to the The following The with the
Supported inch A3/ inch inch US C/17 inch B2/515 inch B1/728 A0/841 inch B0/1030 inch the type, the or selected. Table SC-T7200 SC-T7200 SC-T5200 SC-T5200 More to SC-T3200
About specify whether and right or and to the the Option The operation each shown the following chart. Explanation The The top become slightly the the while the top of the to If the slightly, of the shown the top or of the If this The only or the the as that continuously sheets, the the top of the first and the of the to showing The top become slightly the the operation while the top of the The approximately than the specified the the the to showing top and the of the previous the the and then the top of the following Although this to cut-off the
Procedures the and the following Select the To output to the choose to selecting More to the or If selected, Amount of and choose the amount off the when to selected the or Reduce/Enlarge selected the and right (the to the right) and right and right the the Therefore, appear the of the the and used, options the Advanced Option About Cutting
other and then OS the and the from the option, and then OS X) The selections displayed as shown below. XXXX Expand)) XXXX XXXX Expand)) XXXX Where XXXX the such as A4. If options the the If selected from the and The following section shows the than the More to and right (the to the right) and right and right the the Therefore, appear the of the the and using Advanced from the and choose option. About Cutting other and then
Correct and The and internally corrects to match the You from the following correction EPSON the and corrects the Graphics correction to based the correction the and the background as ICM to match the the to those the output only). correction the Choose the If EPSON Graphics selected displayed. Click the to Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and this option when the correction function. The correction options with the operating and the type of used. More to using featuring function, specify to from these applications. using without function, from the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other applications, information platforms, the the of Photoshop CS5 the Colors
Select and then Select Colors as the and then the Advanced Quality and choose correction option. Additional clicking Clicking the allows to Brightness and other More to the each You the correction the the of the selecting or other and then OS featuring function, specify to from these applications. without function, from the following applications, the Colors option. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or other information platforms, the the of Photoshop CS5
the Select and then Select Colors as the and then the OS X) Select from the and then EPSON EPSON the following Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or Choose from the and Advanced More to Choose correction option from the Additional clicking the following with OS clear the RGB Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or Select the when from those the the each other and then
You or sheets. The following three only) The and printed to the first allowing the to to or four More to only) sheets. The then together to to the If selected, the sheets without the because the the of the the only) the Next, and the
the Edge and Margin other and then the function when the Reduce/Enlarge function to to the of the Next, and the button. More to the the of and If the selected, each other and then OS the displayed, from the and then specify the of and
OS X) You around using the function. other and then only) the Next, and the More to the the of or selected: Select If the selected or the If or selected the or the Supported
with selected: Clear the together: If selected, option displayed. The finished the whether or selected. selected, the finished with other and then with Printed If selected, (indicated the through and around the the below) each If the the and the red; otherwise, the More to The following section to four together.
Ready the top and the from the the the (the of the the top of right the as shown the below, and temporarily them using the back. More to With the sheets the the the (the to the of the the to the of the together. to the
the from the the the (the the the top of the the as shown the below, and temporarily them the back. More to With the the the the (the the the and together.
to the of the together. More to the sheets, off the the the
(the Only) created together choice of The to efficiency and More to Procedures the to the and the the chosen the the The the of the the The the Click OK with the The printed, the of the as Leaving the to the to the The to the the the to and resized; they rearranged or rotated the options the
The and of the the Preferences and options the the each function. Click the and the the and choose Quality Click the the and then and Recalling You the and to If to the of to and then to More to On the and then the the location, and then the Right-click the shortcut the and then the displayed. The displayed. If the shortcut the of the On the and then Select the location and the
About when the the and the and the to the the This to the characteristics when input such as and as and when output such as and from the The to characteristics input and included with operating such as and OS, to and OS include the ICM and ColorSync respectively. to matching (This ICC The of input input (or and the of such as (or each type this The the input and the the output there that match when matching using to specifying the where as The and type of the You match the the and the input and the To match both to the input and the as You using this the following Choose the to the the operating the of the and with the This from that the This when to the using operating with the applications with the The the operating and You the the following ICM ColorSync OS X) when from that This effective from the operating ICM ColorSync OS X) ICM only) This allows to from that ICM Only)
the input and (matching three of their differently. This the the or as the following ICM ICM Application ColorSync Application Application OS X) Application Application Application Application each type that when with the You the from the the following information. ICM Only) ICM ColorSync OS X) with the with the with function. the the and the function. the applications. Photoshop CS5 the Select and then Select Photoshop Colors as the the Profile and the and then the or OS X). OS OS X) to off.
the Advanced the Quality and choose OS Choose from the and Advanced Select other and then with the ICM which input Also, the ICM. the the the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other information platforms, the the Photoshop CS5 the Colors
Select and then Colors as the and then without function, from the Advanced Quality then ICM and Select ICM selected the the to the type selected and the Profile To the the other and then ColorSync OS X) which input Also, the ColorSync. the ColorSync supported. the functions the the OS X) Select from the and then ColorSync
Choose from the and Advanced Select other and then ICM Only) The its to You the following correction ICM Specify type of and the ICM (Advanced) The distinguishes the the Graphics and Text areas. Specify three of and each featuring function the the the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other information platforms, the the Photoshop CS5 the Select and then Select Colors as the and then the Advanced Quality then ICM and Colors
From ICM the ICM ICM or ICM (Advanced) If ICM (Advanced) the and each such as graphics, and text Explanation the and the Converts the that produced. This when of Relative Converts the that of and white (or the match their coordinates. This of Assigns to the and and the Therefore, tone white (or the or This such as other and then
the the You the the following From With the With the Follow the below when specifying or such as or Head the or and Click the following (or and Sound (or Devices and and Click Sound and then XP Click and Other and then and If XP and then and the Right-click and The displayed. the These become the of the
You the the following Click Right-click the item to and Click the to the or search to the the Right-click the item to and Right-click the and then XP, the title and then the item to
the You the or the items as as Select to Select Select recommended of Select to increase often the the and Advanced the to to Select Click the and then the You to You choose from the You the as clicking You the clicking to the another Select Quality and the type of to and as type. The type to the the the Advanced and as You type Select selected the Quality
Click Advanced the Advanced the and OK Click Custom the Advanced the the and then You to You choose from the You the as clicking You the clicking to the another items To frequently items right Select and as follows. items. Rearrange of to the and
Select Item or items the You and items and To To and items to Not the however the items the Click the of the The to the following. This function to the head clogged. If or the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the head Head Cleaning If or the head cleaning. Cleans the of the head to the Cleaning the head Head If the appear or of Head The Head function corrects head (Head EPSON You the such as the and the or of the T7270D/T5270D, which selected as the active
T7270/T5270/T3270 T7270D/T5270D Preferences You the displayed the EPSON or shortcut the to the the If the Shortcut the Preferences the shortcut the right-clicking the the following and EPSON when the clicked from the displayed You the of On the information the to printed, and these and You basic operations. You the items of Select and them of access. items or You or the This function when to the computers. EPSON LFP You and other the EPSON LFP Remote If EPSON LFP Remote EPSON LFP EPSON LFP from the Software the Software
the Follow the below to the and EPSON LFP You with group. or the and then with the operation. Turn off the and the interface to the and Uninstall from the category. Select the software to and then Uninstall/Change (or Change/Remove or You EPSON and the selecting EPSON SC-XXXXX Uninstall EPSON LFP Remote to EPSON LFP Remote the Select the and then OK Follow the instructions to the appears, the the
the OS X) the The of the the or the OS OS X) Click the to the OS X) You such as or Head Cleaning using This when the OS or Select Preferences Scan (or from the Apple Select the and OS Select Preferences from the Apple Select the and Functions You the following functions from
EPSON You the such as the and the or of the T7270D/T5270D, which selected as the active T7270/T5270/T3270 T7270D/T5270D This function to the head If or the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the head Head Cleaning If or the head cleaning. This function cleans the of the head to the quality. Cleaning the head the OS X) Head If the appear or of Head The Head function corrects head (Head EPSON LFP Remote You and other the EPSON LFP Remote
Uninstalling the or the or EPSON LFP the affected software. the to the Downloading the Download the from the the Follow the instructions the EPSON LFP and the EPSON Remote from the Applications the Trash the OS X)
the Operations The the shown below. The below shows the the when the optional or Unit connected (when the or Unit connected) the to the highlighted option, the to to the previous Press the to the optional connected the copying
The items and options the below. the reference each T7270D/T5270D T7270/T5270/T3270 the optional or Unit connected only the optional Unit connected only item XXXXXXXXXXX of the Waiting and XXXXXXXXXXX the Source, of and Reason XXXXXXXXXXX of the Length, Source, and Sheet Press to item Load/Remove Not when Select the Press to instructions the to thick) Others Custom the of types. Press to
item Custom XXXXXXXXXXXX XXXXXXXX of type) Press to On, to The item Press to Head Cleaning Head Press to printing/alignment. to the Select Reference Narrow, Press to Thickness Press to Suction to Tension Normal, High, High On, characters or numbers, and Press to Press to Others Selected Selected to
item On, the Normal, Refresh Margin On, On, Margin Normal, Top Top Option Loading On, Switch Switch Conditio Advanced Tension to Head Scuffing On, Drying to On, On, On, USB to Match, Length, Amount, Match, Priority
item Option PS3 PDF Unit the HP-GL/2 Quality US-ANSI, US-ARCH, Others, Margin Margin Margins, Margins On, Select Software, A, Width, On, HP-GL/2 PS Sheet Press to US-ANSI, US-ARCH, Others, Quality Normal, Color, Correction On, CMYK SWOP US Uncoated US Sheetfed Coated US Sheetfed Uncoated Coated GRACoL SWOP SWOP Coated FOGRA27, Coated FOGRA28, Uncoated FOGRA29, Coated FOGRA39, Coated Uncoated JapanWebCoated JapanColor2001Coated, JapanColor2001Uncoated, JapanColor2002Newspaper, JapanColor2003WebCoated, EPSON_TOYO, EPSON_DIC, RGB Source RGB Apple RGB, ColorMatch RGB, Relative, Black On, Compensation On, Caching To HDD On, PS On, Width,
item Network IP to Preference the the Option the options connected. XXXXXX Prints Press to IPsec PSK characters or (half-size characters or HTTPS Sheet Press to to hours Unit: On, Network Required, Cleaning HDD Format HP-GL/2 MM/DD/YY HH:MM the GMT and the PS IP Address, Gateway
Copy Scan This displayed when the optional connected. Copying and Scanning using the (Option) item Copy Select Scan Color/Grayscale Color, the Scaling to Color/Grayscale Color, type Text/Line Tracing Recycled ISO A, US-ANSI, US-ARCH, JIS B, ISO B, inch Quality to to Background to Sharpness to type Text/Line Tracing ISO A, US-ANSI, US-ARCH, JIS B, ISO B, inch type JPEG, PDF Direct High, Normal, to to Background to Sharpness to
the without using the included with the or the PS included with the optional Unit, the and the following displayed correctly. T7270D/T5270D T7270/T5270/T3270 only the optional or Unit connected the optional Unit connected Item XXXXXXXXXXX of Waiting XXXXXXXX XXX of the Press the to currently the the and to the selected It predicts whether the completed without or the The only. proceeding Can Not Complete displayed. Remote and the LFP HDD the reason the Can Not Complete and allow to or the Function Summary correctly The the of the amount of when LFP Office or EPSON CopyFactory5. the using the PS included with the optional Unit, and displayed as This option only On selected the the and the reason the Source that the from those currently selected the as below. Reason the and whatever other to ready the
Item XXXXXXXXXXX of Press the to the the the of the selected when printed. the the to the of Press the to choose the of and the to the and Press the to Source Notes This EPSON DOES NOT WARRANT ACCURACY. such factors as software used, firmware printed, types, of and performance and user and account the of the the the or and the
If the Custom to the T7270D/T5270D, the following If both the and them individually, when the the If the Custom the to the type of the path, or other correctly. T7270D/T5270D only T7270/T5270/T3270 only the optional or Unit connected the optional Unit connected Item Load/Remove Instructions displayed loaded. Select Select the type of loaded. the Others Custom Select the of the the Highlight the to and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If already the the instructions the type instructions shown. Sheet to thick)
Item Custom the XXXXXXXXXXX of type) Select Reference Narrow Select the which the the head and the Normally, Select smeared. If, head that completely Narrow Press the to to the thickness of the Thickness You the type that the to the Others Selected this option to specify the type. Select the with the least from the
Item the this to or the sheets, the the to the of the head cleaning or head to Suction It to choose the amount of suction the to the the and the head. Choosing too high thin or increase the the and the head, causing to or the feeding correctly. such to the suction. The suction when the lowered. Normal Select High or High the Tension On Select whether to (On) or reduction. selected Press the to the the only the the or the of the the and right the printed, the of the displayed the Press the buttons to the measured and the selected Choose and Selecting too the amount upward. choosing too white the amount High If High the following Advanced Tension High
Item Press the to of On Select whether to On or to the amount of If On selected, prompted to the of the The following options the of the to Displayed when On selected the of to characters Choose easy-to-remember selection. the selected to within from to to when the amount of below that You the the the the selected the and the type. The and the the used, when of used. The based the of the
The Item Press the button to Inspect the and head cleaning or Head Cleaning Head If or of head to the head. If selected, the the and the head automatically. to You the when to with The of the the to the replaced. Press the to the to the The the replaced. the proceeding. the Checking Inspect the and the boxes with or areas. To the the Cleaning the head If selected, printed; inspect the and the think (Head
Selecting displays the to proceed. If the the T7270D/T5270D only T7270/T5270/T3270 the optional or Unit connected the optional Unit connected Item On Choose On to the built-in as each or to The selected with the when the used. Normal If to reduce If the reduced. On Refresh Margin If On selected the the leading to that the to this choose On If choose to On or On or when sheets or used. Normal Margin to Normal the top and and the and right Option Select the action to the Stop Stop from the the however, that the selected with the than the the of the option selected The selected with the when the used. the and right other Printable
Item Loading On Normally, the On Switch Select the action to when the currently the following switch and and to to the If with when of of or other to this If loaded, the While the the used. The finished, and there to printed. The predicts that there enough and completed. The the of the the the switched to the Switch Condition
Item Match Switch From the following the which to Condition switch to another when the Advanced Item to Tension This of the following to High Custom Tension or Tension the From the following the when to switch of and of of Amount From the following options, the when to the that reduces of and (the of of the Match Select the when there Priority that the currently switch to another and then the the they received the switching operations the of the and this increase the Match Switch to the other when the type specified the and the type of the other the If type of the other appears, and the when the type that the this of its If both and enough the length, the with the amount. If the amount of shorter than the length, the other Amount using the with the amount of the length. the currently of the amount or length. the of and and the of the and then the with the Match using the with that matches the of the the currently of the or If the when the abovementioned Tension High to High and then the of the this Higher higher
Item Head On If the thick, the head the Choose On to scuffing. This option to temporarily the selected Custom the however, that On when selected Drying to Specify the to allow the to each choose from and the or type, the while to If the the the On Choose whether the On or the choosing displayed when the correctly loaded. however, that the the when selected. If the of the the of the becomes with to with this to On On If On selected, the and the to this On recommended as the to On This optional or Unit connected. If On selected, that type, or that from those currently selected with the as to this USB Timeout to seconds If when the and connected USB HP-GL/2 Item Quality Choose Quality of and the The the the If selected, displayed and the selected the match that selected with the On selected, instead, with to the or Unit as from the the by, the type of Function Summary
Item The of the PS of the becomes the The the Margin Margin Select the top, and right the -ARCH/B Series/Photo Series/Others Select this option when selecting this and You the of the the PS command, the of the following including the becomes the Choose the from the The the Margin this when the PS command. If the command, this and the of the PS becomes the T7270/T7270D: to T5270/T5270D: to T3270: to Height to The the Margin The the If this the with wider-than-expected which
Item Margin The which the the as shown below. the to the selected Margin of the following the of the PS of the of the following to or the selected Margin of the following the selected of the following and the section within the the
Item the Margins The which the the as shown below. to The the as when selected. to or the selected Margin of the following the selected of the following With the the section becomes than the selected (the of the following
Item You the of the counterclockwise of that RTL rotated. the Margins the the selected Margin of the following the of the PS of the or the selected of the following there the section, and printed. both this and the RO command rotation, rotation the combined amount of both that the RO command (the arrow section the following and the (the section the following section that from the printed.
Item On Select whether to the of the as the and then On or without Software Select From the following selections, choose the that specifies the and thickness of the You built-in specifying the and the of There of built-in and Select to and then the and each of that to the numbers, the included the If specified the rotated horizontally. Software to the the and the built-in of the to the of the built-in of the specified The of the The built-in with of and of that to the numbers, the included that with Quality to CAD (Color) the included The to the of the built-in that specified If the the as when selected. the the that with Quality to CAD (Color) the included
Item On Select whether to the intersection of the within the to the MC of the On to to the front intersections If selected, the HP-GL/2 to HP-GL/2 If selected, the to Option PS3 Unit Item The and the PDF displayed. PS If the pressed, the information of the Unit printed. Select the of the Quality Choose Quality of and the If the PDF displayed the of the PDF the or earlier than the the processed. (A4 )/US-ANSI/US-ARCH/B Series/Photo Series/Others Normal selected, the the of the The the or selected, or reduced to the selected and then printed. The that selected with the created with the to A4, the following the with the A4 A4 with the A4 reduced to the of the A4
Item Specify whether to or switch to and white and then the type specified the the displayed. the T7270D/T5270D, the the type of the currently Correction On This displayed when the type to and CMYK SWOP Uncoated Sheetfed Coated Sheetfed Uncoatedv2/Coated GRACoL 2006/SWOP Paper/Coated Coated FOGRA28/Uncoated FOGRA29/Coated Coated Uncoated v2/JapanWebCoated (Ad)/JapanColor2001Coated/JapanColor2001Uncoated/Jap anColor2002Newspape/JapanColor2003WebCoate/EPSON_ RGB Source RGB the of the RGB to Select the of when carrying CMYK or RGB from the following four types. Black On converted from to or that the to On the RGB If Apple RGB ColorMatch RGB Relative the T7270D/T5270D, the the type of the currently If with CAD or or to reduce them On Assigns to the and and the tone white (or the or This when such as when Relative Converts the that of and white (or the match their coordinates. This of Converts the that produced. This Convert focusing the of rather than accuracy. business graphics such as and charts, which the of bright CMYK of offset the of the CMYK to simulated. If
Item On Select whether to to the right On or without Caching To HDD On Normally, the If the head while to On PS On Select whether to with the On or to when or of PDF Item You the firmware Option the optional currently connected to the and XXXXXX Prints the of (to of Sheet Press the to of Network Item IP Select whether to DHCP to the IP or to the manually Choose to the IP and information. Select whether to or the function. Select whether to or the function. PSK Pre-Shared of to characters (half-width characters and Select whether to or the IEEE802.1X function. HTTPS Redirect Select whether to or the function to HTTP to HTTPS. the Choose this option to that created rotated when this On optional connected, its firmware displayed below the firmware of the Furthermore, when optional Unit connected, its displayed the
Item Press the to of the Network this information of Select to Network to Item to The occurred, received, and actions the of This selects the amount of the The off when there received, and or other operations hours. Select to to Preference Item English, Spanish, Dutch, Chinese Unit: Select the of which displayed the or the On Choose whether the lights On or light when Item of to characters. the to hours Selecting displays The only displayed the from the Should the or the The the off selected from and hours of hour. Choose to the turning off automatically. Select the the
Item Network Choose whether the to Network from the or Remote Cleaning HDD Format If selected, optional or Unit that connected to the Normally, the identified, and the operation switched automatically. If operation switching correctly, and correctly, to the to used. MM/DD/YY HH:MM the built-in clock. The the clock when and sheets. the the and GMT. PS Select to the user and user ICC the user of the Unit. Select to the and Unit: options the the Inspect the and the with or areas. To the the HP-GL/2 The selected when and Formatting the or Unit or Units that with other they with this
Copy Scan This displayed only when the optional connected. Copying and Scanning the (Option) T7270D/T5270D T7270/T5270 Displayed when the optional or PS3 Unit connected Displayed when the optional PS3 Unit Copy Item Select Choose whether to and using or to Scaling Choose whether to the manually or with the of the Color/Grayscale Choose whether to and with or and white. Text/Line Select the type with the The of recommended that, the to the correctly when the such from the and of choosing. Quality Choose the of copying and to the Negative and to the Negative and the that loaded, this option displayed. Tracing Recycled ISO A, US-ANSI, US-ARCH, JIS B, ISO The displayed. to to inch the The options with the
Item to Background the the background. this when copying with or that thin, or when backgrounds. Negative and to Sharpness the sharpness. Negative and Scan Item Color/Grayscale Choose whether to with or to and white and then Grayscale Text/Line Select the type with the The of recommended that, the to the correctly when the such from the and of choosing. JPEG Select the Direct JPEG PDF Direct Choose the scanning. High Choose the when Normal to Choose the scanning. Negative and to the Negative and the Tracing ISO A, US-ANSI, US-ARCH, JIS B, ISO The displayed. to to inch Direct selected, directly. If choose other than Direct Scan To Shared and
Item to Background the the background. this when with or that thin, or when backgrounds. Negative and to Sharpness the sharpness. Negative and the
the Head You to the head white appear or the You the following the head to the Carry the and Checking to clogs the or inspect the and the head or areas. Cleaning the head Clean the head or Cleans the of the head to the Choose or cleaning to the of cleaning Cleaning the head Normal cleaning recommended cleaning the cleaning the head Head Head or The Head function corrects (Head Checking from or using From the Explanations this section the as OS X. that the or of A4 or the the and type correctly to the Click from the the (or Click The printed. the If there If there Clean that the or cleaning the head.
From the that the following that the or of A4 or the the and type correctly to the Confirm that the ready to Press the The displayed. Confirm that highlighted and the displayed. Press the to the while to the following section. of clean There the of If there from the Head Cleaning and the head. Cleaning the head Cleaning the head Although head cleaning from the or the the cleaning procedures as below. From the cleaned. From the You clean or cleaning only those which the Notes head cleaning the following when head cleaning. Clean the head the or the incorrect or when head cleaning Cleaning of each of and white consumed. repeating head cleaning the to amount of the there enough the If the cleaning the head trying cleaning. cleaning than head cleaning. the and cleaning the If the cleaning, off the and overnight or the If the clogged, or Support. Head Cleaning From the Explanations this section the as
OS X. Click Head Cleaning from the the (or Click Head cleaning and about to Click Confirm the If the Clean From the that the following Confirm that the ready to Press the The displayed. Press the to highlight Head Cleaning and the You prompted to choose Select cleaning. Press the to highlight to with or and the to select. You To the the Pressing the displays Press the to head cleaning. when cleaning To and the of the the buttons to highlight and the To without highlight and the (Head there the head and to or the force of the head's or the head bidirectionally. This or that incorrectly placed. this Head to the Although Head from the or the the procedures as below. From the Head or manually. the reads the while and the to the head about to
to the and the with or other that or the completely. the head from to The with the of the printed. and head both and recommended Choose head completely the From the head head with this operation. normally this as this the head about to head from the sheets or other that or to the completely. Head to the currently the the which head however, that head with the or the below. or the The the head the following information the of that head The than thick. The exposed to sunlight or another light that interference. Head to the clogged. head cleaning to clear clogs proceeding. From the Explanations this section the as OS X. the Choose type that matches the the Click Head from the the (or
Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. The reads the while and the to the From the that the following that the or of A4 or the the and type correctly to the Confirm that the ready to Press the buttons to highlight and the The displayed. the buttons to Head and the Press the buttons to highlight head option. Press the to If selected, the the head as the head The displayed when head If selected, to to based inspection of the the of the with the white or which the white spaced. This would the shown the confirming that C1 displayed the the buttons to the noted and the from C1 to BK2 the each The once the
Cartridges If of the expended, If warning displayed, the cartridge(s) as as If while the when the Supported and Products to You the to the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service the the cover. the the top of the and straight the from the the seconds approximately as shown the the with the the the around the supply to the surrounding when the the IC the You to properly.
Match the of the to the of the the to to other each You of the empty. the cover. that and the once every three months to If the Not Enough displayed, the specified Supported and Products that and the of The the and and to enough to of both the and right the the the the while the cover. the the releases the lock, and straight
the the clear included with and that the closed tight. the the IC the Doing and the cover. the the when cleanly. Supported and Products cross-head screwdriver to the cross-head screwdriver with the to the or the that the following from the Removing or Board Confirm that the ready to Press the buttons to highlight and the The displayed. Press the buttons to and then the Press the buttons to highlight and the The to the the from the the screw holding the cross-head screwdriver and the straight
the within the reach of The when the the the that the the matches with the the cross-head screwdriver to the screw to the the the The to its Ready the when the Screw the firmly, otherwise the slightly shifted or
Cleaning the To operating (about once month). Cleaning the from the the off and the off, and then the from the cloth to or the and that (The below shows the when the Unit connected. If there serious cloth with Then off with cloth. the cover and cloth to clean or the thinners, or to clean the They and Cleaning the Clean the or and of to the should as they otherwise the to and of from the or to the head. Cleaning the Follow the below to the feeding Turn the and with Loading and Removing the Press the the while the pressed. If the cleaning the cleaning Cleaning the the turned off and the turned off, and then the from the the
Thoroughly clean shown the below. To the from the to the If there serious clean cloth with Then, the of the with cloth. to the or the shown cleaning; otherwise, to the the otherwise, the If (that white the something cocktail to finished cleaning, the cover. Cleaning the (option) If the or of the covered or stained, and appear the and cleaning, that the Turn off the and the turned off, and then the from the the cover. the both of the cover to release the and the cover. Clean the lint-free clean cloths. Apply to cloth, and then to the that
the other cloth to cleaner. Clean the directly the Apply office-use to cloth, and then the While rotating the front, the the cover hear click.
What to Displayed If the displays of the shown below, to the and the What to Cartridge or Cartridge detected. or Cartridge Please the The Ready from detected. If there with the from detected. F/W the Press the and to Confirm that the Command this Unit Unit and Unit Unit and Unit Disconnected Unit disconnected. and the If the the that caused the to the least four hours the Notes the and Products Cartridges and Products and then the the the of the straight off or Turn the off, and then the the firmware If this appears the LCD or Support. Turn the off, and then turn the If this appears the LCD or Support. reconnecting the connecting the to the the off and then The with the optional The connected. reconnecting the the to the to the off. Turn the The with the optional To without using the
What to the HDD HDD another to formatted. correctly the the and the of the or third-party of too HDD enough to HDD used. Copy Can with this to Release the A3/A4 and turn the and off to and then The of reached the and the If there around the the switch to and the the to the that the correctly attached, the switch to its and the the Unit (T7270 Only) Optional and Units that connected to other connected to this The To the the the Press the and to and then the optional or Unit. If this appears the LCD or Support. the included with of the the Advanced the the of Unit, and only the Unit connected, the PS the of the straight the The optional or Unit to GB To the Advanced the the of Unit and only alternatively, that than GB Unwanted Remote or the LFP HDD Utility. to and Reprinting the Optional Unit Press the to clear the from the the included with the of the when only the of Unit. the Unit connected, the PS If this appears the LCD or Support. The the of the and when selected the the to On and then the Turn the and off The the displayed. If this appears the LCD or Support. Press the and Function Summary
What to Loaded Loaded or to loaded. to with currently loaded? switch to specified type to with currently loaded? switch to specified to with currently loaded? The supported. Press the and the the least that least Should this with of that the to the Press the to clear the from the If this displayed when head the following items. the head Head with or the head function, or that or thick. the following information the of that head light with the process? If the to sunlight or another light that interference, the from these the selected both and Head Scuffing both items to their head clogged? head cleaning. Head If this displayed other than those that the the Source of the which selected. If the pressed, the forced to using the If the pressed, loaded. The of the and the type of the the If the pressed, the to the currently If the pressed, switched. If to switch though type, the and then Switch Condition to The Source of the and the of the the If the pressed, the to the currently If the pressed, switched. If to switch though the and then Switch Condition to other than Match
What to amount specified to with currently loaded? Switch switch automatically. to with currently loaded? PS3 Unit and to Information loaded. to Information to Information to The amount of and than the length, the switched. If the pressed, the to the currently If the pressed, replaced. If to though amount of shorter than the length, the and then Switch Condition to other than If of the following the as follows, switched automatically. Loading If the pressed, the to the currently If the pressed, replaced. To switching of both to On the of firmware of the optional Unit and the firmware of the both to the firmware. The firmware from the that and then the that the following. If to or to and this appears, the following. the path, username, and correctly the shared of CopyCenter? there already with the the there the If to and this appears, the correctly. the correctly.
Call/Service What to the nearing the of its service life. XXXXXXXX Service XXXX XXXX off and then If this the and service. or and them the You clear the the replaced. service to the service when: The securely that cleared service occurred, the Turn off the the from the and from the AC the and then Turn the If the service displayed the LCD or them the service "XXXX".
Troubleshooting You the The o the the or the the securely the o there with the outlet connecting the another The off automatically. o To the turning off automatically, The properly o the this the Devices and and The "The connected correctly to the the The the o the match the the Click the the and the option selected to following USB: USB the the USB The IP the If indicated, the correctly. and the Uninstalling the The properly OS X). o the to the Select Preferences Scan (or from the Apple If the displayed, the The with the the properly? o Confirm that the interface securely to both the and the Also, the If with the o the interface match the the the match the specifications the and the o USB correctly? the USB specification, of to USB that the to the first connected directly to the the the of the become If this should the USB directly USB
o the USB correctly? the USB correctly the If the correctly the USB USB from the and the directly to the USB the USB about USB operation. You the the correct? o the o the directly to the USB and then to If to USB, there with or to the If USB, the section this The the displayed the o What to Displayed The o the of If or the of the You this Double-click the the Devices and or and the and clear the o the OS X)? the and whether Select Preferences Scan (or from the Apple Double-click the that Click o whether the caused the or the from the that that the the and and the correct. that the turned and ready and A4 or the Devices and or and Right-click the and the the and while the to If the correctly, the the and correct. to the section. If the correctly, the items You the The shown the the of the internal This from the that
The sounds nothing The head nothing o Confirm the operation. without to the operations and the Checking the section the correctly. o the displayed the The the internal while without turning off the The correctly. o head cleaning. The clogged. head cleaning. Cleaning the head o the If the the and clogged. The what expected too light, or too o the head clogged? If the fire and the Checking o Head With bidirectional the head while and right. If the head accordingly. If with bidirectional Head (Head using o This with If or the of the the correctly detected. to the o The when used. the with the the the the (within of the o The this the thoroughly them the that and the once every three months to quality. Cartridges o the correct? affected the selected the or OS X) the match with the that the to match the type with the that the o (such as as the Quality? If the options selected Quality Advanced speed, causing to To options that to o
o the with the the Since and differently, match on-screen perfectly. o the cover while If the cover while the head causing the the cover while the o The when the the with If there the head cleaning The exactly the as another Colors the type o to each characteristics. and each the exactly the You with the or the using the To match the precisely, the to The properly the o specified the the the of the and the the option selected o If the option selected the match the the the the or of the off the this the o the If selected the the off the Select On the o the within the Although the than the the the bounds of the when selected the Select On the o the to or If the selected Margin the than the selected the to the selected Margin selected the and right the and the the the the and right of the printed. o the head bidirectional With bidirectional the head while and right. If the head accordingly. If with bidirectional Head (Head The or the too thick or too thin? o that the specifications with this information about the and from other or when RIP software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP.
o the creased or or with the or o become or to or which the to the correctly. the the or o the head scuffing the If the of the scuffed, option and the o the head scuffing the of the Select the Margin option the o the the and the of the the when this to with o the of the cleaning? The cleaning. Clean the feeding and Cleaning the You the there the of o the cover, and then the with lint-free cloth. the cover The creased. the o should to 25C, humidity: to information about such as thin from other that the with the o the the characteristics The of the o Select On the Although normally the than the when selected the the the bounds of the the of the the process. This selecting On the o the the and type, the while to the the Also, the Drying from the the operation and and the the the Cleaning the Too fired. o the correct? that the match the that The amount of to fired to the type. If the match the loaded, too fired.
o the correct? the of the the from the The firing too the the o If too when B&W choosing the or selecting Tracing Duty> Margins appear the the the o correct? that the the as as the the correct? o that the of the match the that o the amount of the amount of Margins appear the amount of to o the correctly? The or correctly that appear when the with the information the that o that or while that appear when using that to o the there the top and of the while It reduce the The or to or o the the the following the the Loading and Removing Loading and Board If the correctly, the of the that o the the sheets vertically. If they the the and Loading and Removing o the creased or or with o the that Also, should the to If the and that properly. o the or become or to or which the to the correctly. the the or
o the too thick or too thin? that the specifications with this information about the and from other or when RIP software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. o the should to 25C, humidity: to o the the cover of the and that there or the If below and clear the o the suction too If to with lowering the Suction (the amount of suction to the the path). the or creased or when the used. o the of or the of the high? the and the the the following as the to lightly the the as ejected from the The automatically: Select and the both The creases and the closing the the from the touches the both to the and to lightly To follow the below: If the cover operation, the as indicated the warning High burns. Turn off the Turn the the cover then tear off and appear the the cover and the head from the the top of torn or crinkled the torn or the and the cover. the Other than when the head. If the head with hand, electricity malfunction.
T7270/T5270/T3270 the T7270D/T5270D the the or the the T7270D/T5270D the and then the with hand. the the rear cover, and then the the cover, and then the three fixing screws. the the the and Attaching the the the straight or creased If there the and
To follow the below: If the cover operation, the as indicated the warning High burns. Turn off the Turn the the cover then tear off and appear the the and the head from the Other than when the head. If the head with hand, electricity malfunction. the top of torn or commercially the torn or the and the cover. the the the the and Loading and Others The turning off. o the exited or the the pressed. The the selected the when the Black&White or when o the head cleaning process. If selected when Head Cleaning or Cleaning of used. (This currently and white.) Cleaning the head The cleanly. o the If the cleanly, the the light the o This The light light the The o Should the or Support.
Head cleaning when the o turned of the head cleaning to quality. Head cleaning about to Trouble when the optional connected The Copy/Large Scan appear the o the switch of off? the switch of to the to switch the and then the off and then o the AC the outlet and the reconnecting the of the AC the off and then o the properly? Confirm that the securely connected to the of the and the Also, the correctly o The or of the Turn off the and the cover, and then clean the and Cleaning the (option) If correctly cleaning, the Copy and then the of the Copy Scan pulled the cover of the and then the The following shows to the Press the both of the cover to release the the released, the cover automatically, and the Black or white or appear o The of the Turn off the and the cover, and then clean the Cleaning the (option)
o The that covers the Turn off the and the cover, and then inspect the top of the If the stained, Cleaning the (option) If the scratched, or Scanned o which If which chosen the printed. that directly the following CopyCenter, and then the to the On the to which the downloaded, the and then the If cleaned the and the shifted or there the or the following to the the included with the the with the the right with the that from the the its touches the
The the the loaded, the At the to and the the buttons to and the button. If the pressed, off the If the turned off, the malfunction. displayed when If follow the and the the ejected. the become or If the and of match, the following to feeding. Differences to the type At the to and the the buttons to and the screen displayed. Press the to the and then the The following section shows the length: rounded the the the to The the the
and Products The following options and products with of January, the information, the Explanation Capacity Black T694100 T693100 T692100 recommends the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed,and of recorded service Cartridges T694200 T693200 T692200 T694300 T693300 T692300 T694400 T693400 T692400 Black T694500 T693500 T692500 Others Product Explanation T619300 which the of its service life. S902007 the following section to the C12C811401 This the as the with the C12C848031 to and Reprinting the Optional Unit Unit) Unit SCT70TUR to other than the T7270. with SCT36SCAN with the T5270 and T5270D mount T7270D/T7270/T5270D/T5270/T3270 the the with the information installation. the Unit (T7270 Only) Can and to inches with the included or optional Unit, and to
Product Explanation with SCT44SCAN with the T7270 and T7270D mount C12C891131 This allows to the as Unit Can and to inches with the included or optional Unit, and to shared information the the with the Unit.
Supported the following high-quality information about the and other than or when (RIP) software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. Table Item the or the whether Head of Head with option of or Take-up:Describes when optional Unit:F and B of the function when the optional thickness: inches ICC EPSON Head T3270 T7270/T7270D thickness: inches ICC EPSON Copy/Large Scan
Head T3270 T7270/T7270D thickness: ICC EPSON Head T3270 T7270/T7270D thickness: inches ICC EPSON Head Copy/Large Scan Scan Scan
T3270 T7270/T7270D only thickness: inches ICC EPSON Head T3270 T7270/T7270D thickness: inches ICC EPSON Head T3270 T7270/T7270D thickness: inches ICC EPSON Copy/Large Scan Scan
Head T3270 T7270/T7270D Enhanced thickness: inches ICC EPSON Enhanced and Head T3270 T7270/T7270D appear or to expanding or contracting. thickness: inches ICC EPSON Doubleweight Head T3270 T7270/T7270D Copy/Large Scan Scan Copy/Large Scan
the with the optional thickness: inches ICC EPSON Head T3270 T7270/T7270D the with the optional Enhanced Synthetic thickness: inches ICC EPSON Enhanced Synthetic Head T7270/T7270D only appear or to expanding or contracting. Enhanced Synthetic thickness: inches ICC EPSON Enhanced Synthetic Head Copy/Large Scan Copy/Large Scan Copy/Large Scan
T7270/T7270D appear or to expanding or contracting. with with and right Thickness: ICC EPSON Copy/Large Scan Head A3/B A2 US-C appear or to expanding or contracting. the and then operation. Multifunction connected to the T7270/T5270/T3270 the connected to the T7270D/T5270D, supported. Thickness: ICC EPSON Copy/Large Scan Head A3/B A2 US-C appear or to expanding or contracting. the and then operation. connected to the T7270/T5270/T3270 only the connected to the T7270D/T5270D, sheets supported. Thickness: ICC Profile: EPSON
Copy/Large Scan Head A2 US-C appear or to expanding or contracting. the and then operation. connected to the T7270/T5270/T3270 only the connected to the T7270D/T5270D, supported. Paper/Enhanced Thickness: ICC EPSON Enhanced and Head Scan A3/B A2 US-C appear or to expanding or contracting. Quality Thickness: ICC EPSON Quality Head Scan A3/B A2 US-C appear or to expanding or contracting. Enhanced Thickness: ICC EPSON Enhanced Board.icc
Head Copy/Large Scan T3270
Commercially This the following specifications that scuffed, torn, or Although and other and the as as they the following specifications, the Although other other the as as they the following specifications, the feeding and and inch and inch or T7270/T7270D inches) to inches) Thickness to T5270/T5270D inches) to inches) T3270 inches) to inches) and T7270/T7270D (A4) to inches) to Thickness to 254mm/10inch 300mm/11.8inch A3/B/329 406mm/16inch inch B2/515 610mm/24inch A0/841 914mm/36inch 1118mm/44inch T5270/T5270D (A4) to inches) T3270 (A4) to inches) Board: to inch inch A3/B/329 inch inch B2/515 610mm/24inch A0/841 914mm/36inch 1118mm/44inch
(Custom the to the characteristics as follows. Select Custom the to the EPSON LFP created the to the using the Custom option the Advanced the selected both with the and the to the OS X) From the Advanced and as the to the Custom option the to the characteristics such as fixating, or thickness the the characteristics, the or with the with this purchasing amount of If the Quality or OS X) Advanced and clear the High If the T7270D/T5270D and with both and them individually the using the Custom when the the If the Custom the to the type of the path, or other correctly.
Notes or Transporting the This section when and the Notes the This section that the to another location the without or lifts. the following section information the or to another Notes the than or back while to this the causing the to this the head to Ready Confirm that the off. the cords and other the the optional from the optional attached, and the of the Unlock the Release the of the casters the and right If the with the lowered, the scratched.
the the the to the They Notes Transporting the following the Turn off the and optional they To the optional the included with each of them, and then the the and first the and scratch-prevention shown the following to the attaching the the from the If the incorrect, the Furthermore, using the and to from shock and
The heavy. or the or people the T3270 and four or people the T7270/T7270D/T5270/T5270D when carrying the the the locations indicated the following If the while holding other the or pinched when lowering the the while the the and then T7270/T7270D/T5270/T5270D C C T3270 the otherwise, the to this the and the with the otherwise, the and to or Notes when the or the head Checking
of the The following chart shows the to and the included with this information operating the XP CPU Core or Memory GB or memory GB or Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. SVGA or higher shielded twisted-pair or higher). as with account to the group). OS OS or CPU Core or Memory GB or memory Ethernet 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX/1000BASE-T GB or WXGA or higher Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. The following chart shows the to CopyCenter. information operating the or XP Recommended Chrome/Safari or higher OS OS or Recommended or higher Ethernet 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX/1000BASE-T shielded twisted-pair or higher).
Specifications Table Specifications Black and ESC/P command) Friction feed memory 1GB Network Functions WSD, SSL IEEE802.1X Rated AC to Rated to Rated to T7270: Ready T7270/T5270/T3270: or off or to F to C) Color: and HP-GL/2, HP RTL T5270: T3270: Approximately T7270D: Approximately T5270D: T7270D/T5270D: Approximately to F to C) (within hours F C), within month F C) to F to C) (within month F C)) Specifications to (without temperature/humidity (when the or Unit connected) temperature/humidity (when the or Unit connected) to (without to (without
Specifications T7270: (W H) T7270: Approximately information HP-GL/2 and HP RTL, the basket/Large-capacity closed. Specifications Black the the year (when inches T5270: inches T3270: inches T7270D: inches T5270D: inches T5270: T3270: T7270D: T5270D: Approximately Color: Specifications Uninstalled: to F to C) (within F C), within month F C)) Cartridge (W H) that and the thoroughly once every three months to The below F (-20C) If F (25C) least four hours (without the to F to C) (within F C), within month F C)) to F to C) (within F, within month F C), within hours F C), inches inches inches
to inches to (copying/ to inches to (length) to inches to Thickness to inches to Forward/backward (switchable) Scanning Secondary pass-through) Scan Scan JPEG, PDF Copy Reading Writing Copy to of to CIS Light LED (RGB) Rated Rated to Rated Approximately Ready or off The becomes the of the and right and T7270D/T5270D UL EMC FCC Class Warning: This this interference which the to T7270/T5270/T3270 UL EMC FCC Class CSA C22.2 Directive 2006/95/EC EN CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR Class EMC Directive EN Class 2004/108/EC EN EN EN CAN/CSA C22.2 Directive 2006/95/EC EN CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR Class EMC Directive EN Class 2004/108/EC EN EN EN
Where To Technical Technical New SPC, and products this section. with that using the troubleshooting information If and to the the If the or other downloadables, the Then, the section of New to sections The "other" products SPC, and SIDM. Where To Contacting Contacting If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased to them the following information: Product (The usually the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with New products
North America the technical services New SPC, and "other" products Only.(general) below. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to (U.S.), or to through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of purchase (such as and of purchase of the other software the that software technical information. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Where To
Software Terms OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the terms of each software the of the GPL LGPL and ncftp (each Section years the of of this If to the please the Contacting Support the and the of You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the Software The terms of each software the Software The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or (GPL Software Terms The of GPL smartmontools-5.40 WPA GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or GPL The of LGPL This includes the software which apply the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution (BSD
The of BSD WPA RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC This includes the software ncftp-3.2.4 which the terms and of the copyright to the ncftp. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the MIT This includes the software which apply the MIT This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its the of the to the Apple Source or its years the of of this If to the of the please the "Contacting Customer Support" or of this and the of Software Terms You redistribute and/or the terms of the Apple Source or its These WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Apple Source as follows. You the Apple Source APPLE PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE Definitions. This to or other which Apple Computer, Inc. publicly and which Apple such or as and that to the of this Apple Source this "Applicable Rights" the where Apple the of rights, of that or or assigned to Apple and that cover the to the to and/or the without and the where You the of rights, of that or or assigned to You and that cover Modifications, or with "Contributor" or that or to the creation of Modifications. the Modifications, the of and and/or respective thereof.
"Externally Deploy" to or otherwise directly or indirectly, to other than and/or to or as of Work, to service, including to of through with other than Work" which or thereof with the terms of this "Modifications" to, from, and/or to, the and/or of the previous Modifications, the of and previous Modifications, and/or respective thereof. released as of to or from the of containing and/or or other of that of the Source of or other as originally Apple this including the Source of or to such or Apple this and that Apple as such the header of such and the from such Source and originally Apple this "Source the of or other that to including associated interface to and of or or rights this or includes which by, or with, where the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. Software Terms Conditions Restrictions. to the and of this Apple effective the You this and the royalty-free, to the of Applicable Rights and copyrights covering the to the following: You internally within organization, and Externally of the or that each instance: You and of the copyright and other and of Apple as they appear the and the that to this and You include of this with every of Source of and You or Externally Deploy, and You offer or terms such Source that or this or the rights as Section You and internally within organization, and Externally and or that each instance You of these You the of Section with to the Source of the You to the already the each of the Source of Modifications, and the to that You the and the of and
If You Externally Modifications, You Source of Externally Deployed to those to whom You Externally Deployed Modifications, or publicly Source of Externally Deployed released the terms forth this including the forth Section below, as as Externally the or months from the of whichever You should preferably the Source of Externally Deployed from Distribution of You Externally and/or Modifications) only, You include the as as related that Source of the the terms of this with information and where to such Source Third Party Rights. You acknowledge and that although Apple and each the to their respective of the forth Apple or that the the or other property rights of other entity. Apple and each to You brought other based of property rights or otherwise. to the rights and You responsibility to other property rights third to allow You to the responsibility to that the Software of, and as to, the to You this You to or or this royalty-free, Applicable Rights and other property rights (other than or to and Externally of the and as Sections and Works. You Work combining with other the of this and the Work as each such instance, You the of this the or thereof. as stated Section other rights, or implied, Apple and/or Works from Apple which Apple its Additional You choose to offer, and to charge fee warranty, indemnity or and/or other rights with the of the ("Additional to or of However, You only and as responsibility, and of Apple or Contributor. You the that such Additional Terms offered You and You to and Apple and every incurred or asserted Apple or such reason of such Additional
of the Apple and/or of this from to Each distinguishing Once published of this You to the terms of that You choose to such the of of this published other than Apple the right to the terms to created this NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The whole or untested, or tested The that or of and or You acknowledge and that of the or thereof, and THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS AND AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE, AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE WARRANTY. You acknowledge that the the operation of or which the of the to death, injury, or physical or Software Terms LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPLE OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Apple's to You (other than as this the amount of This rights to the or "Apple Computer", OS", "QuickTime", Streaming or other service or to Apple (collectively "Apple or to service or to Contributor. You to Apple or as of the of products from the or to or products from the other than as and with third which Ownership. to the this each rights, title and and to such Contributor. Apple rights, title and and to the and or of Apple ("Apple Modifications"), and such Apple to this Apple its choose to such Apple this or from those contained this or choose to them
Termination. Termination. This and the rights without from Apple You to comply with term(s) of this and to such breach within of becoming of such breach; immediately the of the Section or without from Apple the of this action that Apple first action You that instance. Effect of Termination. termination, You to immediately further reproduction, sublicensing and of the to the which properly to termination termination of this Provisions which, their should the termination of this including to Sections and to other or of as of terminating this with its and termination of this without to other right or of party. Software Terms Government Users. The as FAR Government software and technical rights the include only those rights to the as this This customary technical and software with FAR (Technical and Software) and, of purchases, DFAR (Technical Items) and (Rights Software or Software Accordingly, U.S. Government with those rights forth Relationship of This as creating agency, partnership, or other of or Apple or Contributor, and You to the contrary, whether expressly, appearance or otherwise. Nothing this right to others and/or or products that the or or otherwise with, Modifications, Works, or products that You or Waiver; Construction. Apple or to of this waiver of of that or other or which that the of the apply to this
Severability. If reason of of this or thereof, to that of the to the as to the and of the and the of this force and Notwithstanding the or restricts You from and/or specifically complying with Sections and/or or the enforceability of of those Sections, this immediately terminate and You immediately of the and of that or or other You and Apple relating to this the Northern District of California, and You and Apple to the of, and the and within that District with to this The of the United Nations Contracts the International of excluded. This the the with to the hereof. This the of the United States and the State of California, that of California concerning conflicts of Where You located the of the following The that they that this and related English. tous EXHIBIT A. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. Rights Software Terms This and/or of as and that to the Apple Source (the You this with the Please of the and this The and software distributed the distributed 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please the the rights and the Other Software Info-ZIP copyright and This of the Info-ZIP The of this should and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Goatley, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White.
to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or versions--including, to, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must plainly as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, to, of the with the Info-ZIP (or thereof, including, to, UnZip, or without the of Info-ZIP. further from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the Info-ZIP, UnZip, UnZip, and its and releases. Software Terms