PRINTER GUIDE
rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with these of this information as to other ESC/P, and MicroWeave and of Corporation. PhotoEnhance, and UltraChrome K3 UltraSmooth and and service of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Inc. CPD-24468
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 WARNING This Class this interference, which the to
Introduction This information and the and It to to its and troubleshooting information, the following: The Reference summary of and and other cleaning and the head, and using the to easy reference. The on-screen Network or the CD-ROM to and the The on-screen SP or the CD-ROM information about using the and You the using Notes, and Please follow these as this WARNINGS to injury. to to Notes information about hints to the of
Introduction the and options that currently and offers these optional and Optional Option Fabric-Based C12C890401 64-inch Core C64CORE Additional Tension Spindle2-inch/3-inch C12C811231 One-year Preferred Service and EPP1188B1 Two-year Service and EPP1188B2 these user-replaceable items: and user-replaceable C12C890191 C12C815291 Cartridges You purchase optional and and from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Where To technical and information the installation, and operation of professional products through the Warranty AM to PM through and hours of to without SM
If with the toll-free or Unit ID improperly shielded than the to malfunction. USB to the Unit ID which included with the Warranty information that with and to You firmware, and and troubleshooting or with To stand-alone or should these OS or higher, or or higher G5, or higher At least 1GB of RAM (2GB or recommended) At least 30GB of free software and or CD-ROM or DVD the software USB USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet-equipped and Introduction
Introduction To or should include the below: IBM PC with or higher recommended Microsoft XP, XP Professional Edition, or At least 1GB of RAM (2GB or recommended) At least 30GB of free software and CD-ROM or DVD the software USB Windows-compliant USB and shielded USB AB from to to Ethernet Ethernet PC and Instructions using the following instructions to the and effectively. The about without or when the enough around You the sheets of heavy or the The properly or to and the from sunlight, strong light, heat or conditioners. to and
the off the this the light flashes then off. the or off the to the the light flashing. This that the head capped. the from areas. from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the outlet where the easily the type of indicated the the to properly grounded outlet the as or that switches and off. outlets switches or timers. only the that with the of another fire or The with the only. with other fire or shock. or cord. If with the the rating of the the cords Also, the rating of the the or cover the the the the head instructed to service technician; otherwise the through the to the to service the yourself. Introduction
Introduction the from the the and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. The interface and the the the front cover highlighted below. the located the California only: The lithium this Perchlorate apply, www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate.
too force when that previously Cartridge Instructions of the reach of and the If it off with and If them immediately with them the the the within months of or to them. This the head. from allow to least four hours The IC the of information, which allows to and freely. each the the If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to from items that the touches. the supply its surrounding or the IC the of the Doing and Introduction
Introduction cover Right AC Network USB lights cover Right
or and light light light LCD or Custom selected feed or LCD light or Introduction or cleaning of
Introduction
Chapter the WARNING: locations that to heat, or otherwise, or fire locations sunlight or conditioners. the the or and cover the with type of cloth when operating. least inches the back of the and the the location; This chapter includes the following information: Unpacking and assembling the Connecting the Connecting to the the software the firmware the Unpacking and Assembling the Follow these to and its location to and the Choose and location that the (about without the the the following to to C), to humidity, without the the This shows the the
the WARNING: people to the and four to the and Assembling the the and the that the Unpack the and these items: sections wrench with washers and washers
the the section as shown. Then with the included wrench. the that the when the the other the right section to the other Tighten four securely. the
the the the and the and cushions. the and from the the and other from the as shown below. and the from around the the cover from the
The included with the the items shown below, to the and Mounting the the Turn the front casters and the to the from the
the WARNING: to the with than four the front of the four people, the the four locations as shown, and the the the to the with the wing washers, and washers. Top
Unpacking the the items shown below. Right 64-inch 3-inch the the to the right of the as shown below, and the screws to the the screws, screws
the the right R) to the pinching the One of the the 3-inch and the other 2-inch Select the the the to the and the through the
the the the back of the as shown below, then the screws both of the the to the of the Turn the to the to release While holding the the as shown. the the the the screws to the to the the to the the the
the One of the the 3-inch and the other 2-inch Select the the the to the of the then the screws.
the Core and the released (turned to the the to the of the of the the the the the the other of the the
the the to the as shown. To might to stretch the them the securely both Then the to the as shown.
To the to the around the head. the Unlock the front casters. Then the to the of (The the the the the from the and the the the front cover. the and the from the of the head the and to the the
the the properly grounded that or switch. off the and the front cover. the to the AC the back of the Route the through of the the or right as shown.
The shipped with approximately of and to charge the of as as the that with the to one-third of the each to used. Press the to turn the the lights flashing and the covers the covers the You to the cover buttons to the covers. each from its and the the lights
the the location of the to each light Light light each with the arrow the then its each the the Light Light
Charging about turn off the release the the covers, or the front cover while the light flashing, or the USB Network The charging the and the light flashes. charging completed, to that READY appear the LCD Chapter instructions. Connecting the You the directly to USB or the to the the You shielded twisted-pair To to RJ-45 straight-through To directly to interface, RJ-45 the turned off. the interface the the the other of the the or switch or the
the If know which to the IP the Network Interface You the interface the as below, or using the as the turned Press the the Press to highlight NETWORK SETUP then Press then to highlight ENABLE. Press appears to ENABLE to that selected. Press then to highlight IP ADDRESS SETTING Press and then or to choose of the following IP AUTO: Select this DHCP to IP automatically. PANEL: Select this to the IP manually. Press appears to the selected. Press to back. Then of the following: If selected AUTO as the IP ADDRESS SETTING, the to the Then with If selected PANEL as the IP ADDRESS SETTING, with Press to highlight IP, SM, DG SETTING then The LCD displays the IP Press or to each then to the the of the The LCD displays the
You of the Press or to each then to the the of the The LCD the Press or to each then to the the of the then the to the Turn the off then back the Software Follow the below to the software Turn and the the software CD-ROM. Double-click the the software and the
the If that the of the the To the to the trash.Then software. You the Software Click the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional the the software CD-ROM and follow the instructions the
the the Applications then the and the If this, then to Click the the top of the the
the If to the the field this You the Browser: More and such as EPSON TCP/IP Select from the and then If the appear, its IP Select then while the and the becomes Then You to this to the
You the the to to firmware, necessary. the Software to the network then the software. instructions the the Network the CD or Follow these to the software. the software CD-ROM With when the Account the software and the
the You the Software Click the and follow the on-screen instructions to the software and and to the Professional this the
If the of the the installed. Select the created the then OK Follow the instructions to the software and the then the CD-ROM. to the section to the firmware, necessary. To and functionality to should of the and necessary. Downloading the and Click and Downloads Choose the or and follow the instructions the You to the of the LFP Remote the
the Although the this section the the Macintosh. information the LFP to the with the instructions the section to the firmware. the Double-click the to Click the EPSON LFP Remote You the LFP Remote selected. Click the Click of the buttons.
Dont off the while the firmware the software, to and If the satisfactory, If to the head, as You the its LCD displays Ready and connected to or then choose Click and the firmware that and extracted. Select the and Choose If the firmware of the to the process. (If the to the the and LFP Remote If follow the instructions the section to the the
the the Network If already the using the (or to its Turn the The EpsonNet searches the and displays the MAC each that Highlight the that to and to the TCP/IP selection If necessary, instructions assigning IP information, the Network or the CD-ROM.
Chapter and Other You purchase and other or options from the or Professional authorized The of including and to inches You heavy such as to thick. This chapter includes the following information: Selecting the the Selecting offers of coated, and art as as other The following shows the sheets to to to Thickness to to to to of the purchasing or If or other to and instructions.
and Other Follow these as as those included when and other touching the with the or to or scratch the of to to C), with to relative humidity. and humidity. choose the software OS X) or instructions. the or both the software and the OS X) or instructions selecting the software. its and cool, to quality. where they to high humidity, or sunlight. to the finished the from the and to the instructions included with the the sheets the
You with or 3-inch to inches Manually switching process. the (www.proimaging.epson.com) or Professional authorized to follow the as as these its the and To feeding the appear the LCD Press the Source the or appears. Choose the to each printed. the when Choose to of and the Choose or other heavy that too thick the or instead. The following (and other with the built-in art (including Textured and UltraSmooth Heavyweight If heavy to increase the suction the and Other
and Other lightweight the suction the necessary. Selecting the Whenever type of to the type the Press Press or to PAPER SETUP then Select PAPER TYPE then Select the that using as below, then the to the Press the to the If appear the the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If the the You to with to which the this Select this Sheet G. G. G.
this Select this Proofing White W. Publication Proofing Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced UltraSmooth UltraSmooth F.A. Textured Textured F.A. F.A. White Water CANVAS Others Enhanced Enhanced Enhanced Tracking and the the tracking This the of the that the type, length, and the the turned or the the and the amount of displayed the LCD You when the nearly You the each or when and Other
and Other You to switch the of the from to instructions. the and PAPER OUT appears the Then follow these to the tracking Press Press or to PAPER SETUP then Press to ROLL PAPER REMAINING Press to REMAINING PPR SETUP Press then of the following ON:PRINT EVERY PAGE The (indicating the type, length, and the of each ON:AT ROLL EXCHANGE the the locked. You to and the three seconds to the (indicating the type, length, and and release the OFF tracking Press the to the Press then to ROLL PAPER LENGTH Press then the of the the from to to then Press then to ROLL LENGTH ALERT Press then the which to from to to then Press the to the
the You the with 2-inch or 3-inch and the from to high. To with 3-inch to the the off the of the the to the as shown, the four arrows. To the the off the of the Then the four and the off the and Other
and Other The both 2-inch and 3-inch To switch touching the of the as as from quality. To the the the switch to high or Switch to high when art cloth, or other that than on-screen of that the high Loading the the Follow these to the to the the off the of the the the as shown, then the the the the right of the the and there the and the the back the and the of the the of the there
WARNING: people the the both the the If the tracking when the This the to of the amount of and when information. Follow these to the the the cover. the the as shown. (The of the the right.) and Other
and Other release the while the light flashing, or the To feeding when using the with the both and the mounting the light flashing, then release the If the tracking to the when the the amount of the LCD and the locked. Press and the seconds to the Press the Source the or appears the LCD
the straight, within of the and the straight across. If the straight, the the appears the LCD, then and the to the the the and the through. the of the the back to Then the with the and Other
and Other the front cover to the front cover while or might affected. To or creasing the from the and when the to the then the cover. cover cover Press the (or seconds). The automatically. the about the type of to the correct, or then the and Removing from the the turned and the light flashing. the cover, then release the If the to the when the locked. Press and the seconds to the
WARNING: people the the both the the to the or the might the and the people the of the and the as shown and from the If necessary, lightly the to the the from the the the and that and Other
and Other Cutting Manually the to the manually the finished. You the to of art or other heavy should or rather than the built-in of that should with the built-in Follow these to manually with the built-in the the LCD If necessary, the the or buttons. Press the the LCD Press and the seconds. The If cant the built-in follow these to the with knife: selected the type the the the LCD Press and seconds to feed the to the
to the the the front cover. Press the to to the READY You the of Press Press to PRINTER SETUP Press to PAGE LINE, then Select ON Press the to the appears to ON Press the to the You specify from software. instructions, OS X) or and Other
and Other the The allowing to You the or (to as shown: the to the the and lights
If the lights off, the light and light might correctly, or something might the If necessary, the light then the to its Press to the of the with the If using the tracking the scanned. Press to the three of to the to the Press to feed the and and Other light
and Other the the to the and of there enough the and the ready to to the Press the the then to the the to the Press to the of the with the If the tracking the scanned.
Press to feed the the around the back of the and three of to the to the Press to the and the the to the and of there enough the and the ready to to the Press the button the then to the and Other
and Other WARNING: The and heavy and to from the Press the to Press and three seconds to the If the too thick to with the built-in manually following the instructions the with hand to from Then the to the and to the the and If amount of printed, people to the and To the the
2-inch Core You 2-inch the the to the the from the pinching the the that the the Then the and the the and Other
and Other the from the pinching the the that the the Then the and the the You of sheet and other The from to inches You the when sheets; from the and If thicker than as If sheets or art
the light then release the If the locked, and the seconds to the and the You without releasing the This recommended sheets or art Loading Follow these to the and the cover closed. Press appears the LCD and Other
and Other heavy to increase the suction the This the and lightweight the suction the To the the or while the light the the the right and of the straight and with the and the the back to the Press the The automatically. the about the type of to the correct, or then the and finished, the the To the or release the while holding the
Loading or You without releasing the This scratching that might art and when sheets. the and the cover closed. Press appears the LCD the the the the it the right of the straight and with the the cover. Press the The automatically. the about the type of to the correct, or then the and finished, the the To the or release the while holding the and Other
and Other to the around the head; otherwise, the You Enhanced or other heavy to inches. Follow these instructions when or other than thick. other You the and the cover. Press appears the LCD the light then release the If the locked, and the seconds to the and the the front cover. (The cover that acts as the the
the with the the cover. the back, to the Then the front cover. Press the The board automatically. the about the type of to the correct, or then the and finished, the the To the while releasing the and Other
and Other If head If try the to WIDE If that the to WIDER To the the Narrow when thick the Thick or Thin thick or thin to the STANDARD the satisfactory when thin or thick to this Press Press to the and highlight PLATEN GAP Press STANDARD highlighted as the the and to the STANDARD the choose NARROW WIDE WIDER or WIDEST Press the to the appears to the selected Press the to the If selected the following appear the of the to of the or Narrow switch to the back to STANDARD. If and the to to information.
You using the LFP Remote from the software CD. the choose type software, the the to the or the You or of each type to types) and the whenever Creating Custom To type, the to the Then follow these Press then or to PAPER SETUP Press then to CUSTOM PAPER Press or to to Press to the Press or to PAPER TYPE then Press or to to Press to back to the type, then previous Press or to PLATEN GAP then Press the to NARROW, STANDARD, WIDE, or WIDER The STANDARD types. Press to the then to back to the Press or to THICKNESS PATTERN, then Press to the thickness to the following printed: and Other
and Other the the Choose the with the the shown the the the THICKNESS NUMBER highlighted. Press or to the that noted then Press then the options shown below. as and to each You the software. instructions, OS X) or CUT METHOD the thinner or the thick You to to the PPR FEED ADJUSTMENT Choose white or higher DRYING TIME with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the PAPER SUCTION the suction when thin such as or backlight the the TEST PRINT to of showing the each
You showing the This easy to the type of Press then to TEST PRINT. Press Press to CUSTOM PAPER then Press to Selecting Once created whenever that Press then or to PAPER SETUP Press then to CUSTOM PAPER then Press to the type. Press to CUSTOM PAPER Press or to the that to Press The selected displayed the LCD with Press the to the and Other
and Other
Chapter with the and that become with and that and the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White ICC ColorSync included, Photoshop or other applications, or the color-managed Photoshop and the and from You own the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right the and from the CD-ROM. You to and the the Utility. instructions and the This chapter includes the following information OS X: Choosing and Choosing options Selecting the Choosing advanced options, including and Choosing options advanced and white Creating and Checking
with the to the If information about options, the If theyre turned off Choosing options choose from options or You the of and the creating recommended to the of the to and You this the Format and the following than Margins the top and of the sheets. only. Select
Click the If choose the of the using and of the options below. Then with If that to the of instructions). The following the choose: The with than the top and Expand) sheets and to to the width of the (without Sheet the You to slightly than the to without of without them, with with Select the then choose the
with If the to inch or To the the top and the Expand) without and to to the of the This selection recommended with of information. the specify You to slightly than the to without information. of without them. with the If choose Custom from the (If to Click to Click the and its and Then OK Select from the Choose the and Click OK Then with the instructions the section.
Choosing Once selected options, to The offers that and when You choose advanced and options, as Select You the shown below: Choose from the from the with Select
with You this Select the that to the the information. If color-managed choose type and that match the ICC If the using both and the to the type of photographic Choose Advanced B&W and white this types. information. that this option, and white with the
The Quality the selected. Choose or SuperPhoto quality. the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the You choose of the shown the the The Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. The EPSON increases the this photographs. The RGB matches to the RGB Click Advanced to as below. Choose of the following Quality Normal SuperPhoto Choose of the following: MicroWeave of High fast, bidirectional higher quality, this option. of vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs and recommended with the instructions to If the Photoshop or another to off the as with
with Selecting the Correct The below the to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If the the You to with to which the this Select this White EPSON Proofing White Proofing Publication EPSON Proofing Publication Enhanced Enhanced UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Textured Textured (sheets)
this Select this White White Water White Enhanced Synthetic Synthetic Enhanced Enhanced Choosing Follow these instructions to the Select from the then Advanced You this with
Printing with You to the created to and Select of the following to choose from three and from Click the arrow to Advanced to specify brightness, and CMY the to off ColorSync to applying rather than the If choose this choose ColorSync from the and choose or other to the Choose this when color-managed ICC Photoshop or other software applications. Choosing Follow these instructions using and to its performance. Select from the You this
Select the to match ICC These the the Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to the reduce Choose white or higher Thickness reduce and when thick or thin Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD the thinner or the thick You to to the the thicknesses. with
with Choosing If choose of the options as the as to these and feeding options. Select Option from the You this Choose of the following Normal allows the top and of each Normal the the and each individually. This the the to and (when With of the or You white cutting. Choose this to the manually, the or heavy that hand. instructions using the to the of that recommended with the built-in
These through the Select of the following options: the right and of feeding the of the of when selected as the Source. or and as the and right to the and the length. should inch to the of The the with this to the of the If the should slightly than the The following shows recommended inches) using the Expand or (with Expand) with (with Custom only)
with the to when To the amount of (with the from the You this the to increase or the amount of The shown the with the the to the amount of You white around the to the This increase the amount of
Processing To the the halftone the rather than This and and the of You off this Select from the Processed to off halftone the Choosing Advanced Black and White Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white This offers and white with advanced Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types. with
Printing with If from Photoshop, Photoshops when using Advanced Black and White There associated with this screening and Select from the You this Choose the the the Choose Advanced B&W as the High the
Select from the You this Choose the that photo. You the the as allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the tone allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of and Highlight Tonality allow to tonality the or highlight of with
with If the each the through them from top to through them repeatedly, or the or of the the lower. Highlight to reduce to the highlights of The tone the of and white Click of the or to the tone to to The to the of the wheel, the The the tone based that this shows the and managed. It of feedback as Creating Custom Preset and Once the This when the Select from the that correct, from the
and the without or You the the the and holding least seconds. and OK ready to the Print, the of Follow these Click the the If necessary, You this: From the of or of the following: Click the then to the Click the then to Click and to finished, the then with
with Checking and the The the of the and the of the You from this to instructions. Select EPSON Utility2 from Applications the the or the You the Utility2 Click the EPSON
The software the amount of the and and displays the To the the To the OK with
with
Chapter with the updated and that become with and that and the and white photography the offers Advanced Black and White ICC included, the features Photoshop or other applications, or the color-managed using Photoshop and the and from You own the and software, or them created to located the operating the the to the right This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Selecting the Choosing options Choosing options Choosing options Choosing advanced and white the
with If information about options, the Choosing to basic the and from the CD-ROM. The offers that and when You choose advanced and as Follow these to the to and You the selected, then the button. or instead. Then the You the following: This shows the cant them from
the or Professional authorized other that Select that to the the information. If using color-managed choose type and that match the ICC If listed, the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If the the You to with to which the If type or them clicking the Custom information about If the type the the type of photographic Choose Advanced B&W and white types. that this option, and white with the information about advanced and white photo If the both photo and the to Printing with
with the Quality choose Quality or Quality choose Quality to the following: the Speed/Quality to the Select from the following then OK High fast, bidirectional quality. Edge Smoothing to the of low-resolution vector-based including graphics, and art. (This photographs.) the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the You choose of these the The Charts and and the and highlights of this graphics. The EPSON increases the this photographs. The RGB matches to the RGB Click Custom then follow the instructions the section to options
Selecting the Correct The below the to the If listed, the instructions included with the or the (www.proimaging.epson.com). If the the You to with to which the this Select this White Proofing White Proofing Publication Publication Enhanced Enhanced UltraSmooth UltraSmooth Textured Textured (sheets) Enhanced Enhanced with
with this Select this White White Water White Enhanced Synthetic Synthetic Enhanced Enhanced Choosing If Photoshop or another to the advanced and off the as On the the selected. the Custom Choose of the following and the Advanced specify brightness, and CMY or choose from the three You choose from and or to
If turn off the density, as PhotoEnhance allows to and choose from Correction the Choose this when Photoshop or other software. ICM based the ICC the You choose the input and other as shown below: applying rather than the Click OK to with
with the to the Creating the of Choosing Follow these to and and cutting: On the the selected. the Source or The allows to of without them. This option with applications, and feeding the of the of only selected as the Source. the the of or To the of creating recommended. Click You this then the of inch (or and Then OK If to reduce or the information.
If to without that than information about Click the to option. Choose or then OK to to the of the You the to the Choose the least amount of (with chance that there around the or the amount of of the off around the to the of the the specify You to slightly than the to without information about Click Option You the following with
with Choose of the following Choose this to the manually, the or heavy that hand. instructions operating the manually. Normal the to and (when With of the or You white Normal allows the top and of each the and each individually. This the Select these options necessary: than the of the The rotated and crosswise. to and the of the right and of finished, OK. or and as the and right to the and the length. should inch to the of The the with this and the width to the of the
The following shows recommended inches) the or (with Expand) The shown the with the with (with Custom
with Choosing On the the selected. the Source Sheet the the of the the If to the Printable then Centered. If to to the of the that to the and right of the sheets; the top and of the as
Select when to Click the and choose or Expand to to the of the You the to the amount of the specify You to slightly than the to without If to reduce or the the section information. OK Choosing You Follow these to reduce or On the the You this the and with
with If using and to its performance, the You the following: You to the created to and Click Reduce/Enlarge to the You to or Custom and or to Width. If the of selected. The increase the to and the to within the the of the and the reduced the Click to the background of the then the to Click to the and other information about the top or of the Click then the to Click OK or Apply when finished Choosing
If from Photoshop, Photoshops when using Advanced Black and White There associated with this and technology. the to match ICC These the the when off software). Drying Head with and smearing the You the head to seconds each to allow to reduce Choose white or higher Suction the suction when thinner than such as CAD Thickness reduce and when thick or thin the thinner and the thick You to to the the thicknesses. options, OK Choosing Advanced Black and White Advanced Black and White allows to easily and toned black-and-white and offers and white Advanced Black and White advanced and white Whether or this and to black-and-white This when types. with
with On the the selected. Choose the the choose Advanced B&W the Custom then Advanced You the following advanced and white photo allows to tone to and white The which with tonal You choose other such as Cool, Warm, and that the the found the tone Tone allows to easily the tonal of and white While the choose Brightness the and of the the light and of
and Highlight Tonality allow to tonality only the or highlight of the or of the the to lower. Highlight to reduce to the highlights of The tone the of and white Click of the or to the tone to to The to the of the the The the tone based that this shows the and It of feedback as the You of or then them You or items the You or This to these with other users. and Custom Once the them as This when the Click the top of the the or with
with You the following: that correct, the then them from the Select To the then location and To the to and and Custom You and the the of the Click Custom
You the following: that correct, the then them from the To the then location and To the to and with
with Editing On the the then Select the item to You the following: and the items to rearrange them or items the Not finished,
You the the and holding least seconds. with that and or them. The each which appears the when the and the the appears: You the buttons to or You and If the to appear, off. the following section instructions. with Click to Click to Click the displayed
with If to of the the to You the and to Click the then click the You the Select from the following options: High of of the using as cache. If to to. whether or the when EPSON the RAW the RAW instead of the EMF the RAW and such as memory or the this or the head while to allows to the or (such as Photoshop) that the of as allows or graphics to or other based
Mouseover off the that appear when the Processed halftone the This processing, computers, and that the This and and the of Click OK to Preferences You choose when and to of whether to appear and whether to allow other users who the Click the then the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to with
with If to the appear the Shortcut checkbox. Then the to the shortcut the to the or right-click then Preferences the Select Allow of shared and to other Click OK to
Chapter and Transporting the The to its This chapter the following Checking Checking and cleaning the head the head the and Performing the the Cleaning the or the to the this chapter, the the to of information, the SP or the CD-ROM.
and Transporting the Checking the the amount of the of the of and other information. You or the the LCD Information The shows of the the amount of each the count, and the of Follow these to the the Press Press to TEST PRINT then Press to STATUS SHEET then Press to The amount of or capacity indicated as follows: E[*****]F of or E[**** ]F E[*** ]F E[** ]F E[* ]F than of or capacity
You the of from to inches and the instructions Information To information instead of follow these Press Press to PRINTER STATUS then of the following: To the To the of that with each to PRINTABLE PAGES then Press to the of each To the amount of to INK LEVEL then The of the first displayed. to the of the To the to MAINTENANCE TANK then The each displayed. the the To the amount of and to USAGE COUNT then Clear this with the CLEAR USAGE COUNT option. To history, to JOB HISTORY then the the the and The as the To the of to TOTAL PRINTS then To the EDM of the to EDM STATUS then (EDM Press the to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the You cleaning holding the three seconds. You the to cleaning or the of Checking and Cleaning the Head If shows or should the head to or deflected. Then cleaning to clear the You from the The then the or each and clean them necessary. the and Head Cleaning You software to the head then the to whether or deflected. the of the following to the OS the Utility2 Applications Select and OK or XP Click and Select or and Right-click and Preferences Click the
Dont cleaning while thick the You the following: Select the Follow the instructions the the printed, least to If the as shown below, the head clean. If or or deflected as shown below, cleaning from or and holding the least seconds. Then another to the clean. If the three cleaning cleaning as and Transporting the
and Transporting the the You from the and to whether or deflected. Then cleaning and holding the Follow these to the Press Press TEST PRINT selected, then NOZZLE CHECK selected. Press then to the Follow the instructions to the Automatically Checking and Cleaning the Head The the and cleans them necessary. You specify often this to or this off. You yourself. Press PRINTER SETUP selected. Press Press AUTO NOZZLE CHECK selected, then Select of the following, then ON: PERIODICALLY The its and cleaning ON: EVERY JOB The its and cleaning each This amount of (and and recommended OFF The and cleaning Press then PRINT NOZZLE PATTERN and
Dont cleaning while thick the You least to the Select ON: EVERY PAGE to the each or ON: EVERY PAGES or OFF These when Press to the Cleaning You cleaning from the (or from the LFP Remote the cleaning to clear the the of recommended as You cleaning each of The to least to cleaning. You to to the cleaning cleaning, the to the head cleaning, as the and the light the or flashing. Press Press MAINTENANCE selected, then Press PWR CLEANING selected, then Press to the cleaning. cleaning finished and the light flashing, the to that the head clean. effective cleaning, If the or cleaning the off and overnight, then the head the following morning with cleaning If and Transporting the
and Transporting the To properly the head, or the Head the head the thing to the If appears they or or or to the head. Although the head using the software, easy to from the This the thorough the shortest and If already to the head This that the head correctly. Follow these to the head the the turned Then Enhanced Press Press or HEAD ALIGNMENT selected, then PAPER THICKNESS selected. Press then the type the and Press to back then SELECT THICKNESS and The selected This the Press to the Press then to highlight ALIGNMENT Press to AUTO then UNI-D highlighted. This the type of to with. Press the to the process.
You to months. If recommends covering the with Each head about The white beam the and the automatically. the front cover or off the this process. the finished, the BI-D 2-COLOR highlighted. Then the to the process. the finished, the BI-D ALL selected. Then the to the process. the to head If to the process, head instructions, the SP or the software CD-ROM. Cartridges should If of the the and then the without of However, to The to from the LCD The below the the LCD to the the The the amount of as follows: (flashing) or Cartridge or the light (and the light) flashing (and INK LOW appears the LCD the indicated of the lights and NOT ENOUGH INK displayed, the expended. You the and Transporting the
and the that and them. The of other and Cartridge based printed, type, of and amount of the the the or the ready to To reporting the with the turned off. If the when the the of the the corner. the following UltraChrome K3 Cartridge Light T591600 Light Light Black T591900 Black T591800 Light Black T591700 Light T591500 T591200 T591300 Black T591100 T591400 You purchase and from Professional authorized To the www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. www.epson.ca or 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.proimaging.epson.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the Then follow these to the of the whose and or flashing. This the to Press the cover to the then the cover. lights
WARNING: the or If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with the to release the from the Its to of them the necessary. the the and from its the and Transporting the
and Transporting the the the of the Doing and the the and often than necessary. Doing the and allow to the causing the with the arrow the Then the the clicks Dont force the cover. Once the the to its READY the and Press Press MAINTENANCE selected, then Press CLOCK SETTING then the and to each item the and displayed the following MM/DD/YY HH:MM
Press to the allows to and that occasionally. You to the following: the or of the the the cleaning feed of the to their Follow these to the turned off. then the and Press and the the and displays MAINTENANCE. the and buttons to the below. If to back to the previous To the the LCD to LANGUAGE then Press the then to The and to operation. To the of to UNIT then Press to switch from METER to FEET/INCH then to To the to CUT PRESSURE then to Press to the or the to increase Press to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the try to the hand, or the To strong cleaning to SS CLEANING then to EXEC Press to the cleaning To feeding to PWR ON ROLL PPR FEED then Press to the then to To to their to DEFAULT PANEL then to EXEC. Press to the The CUSTOM To off the the Press the to the the operating the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy the and to of that with the You the of the or its the instructions. You from C12C815291). Removing the the then follow these to the Press Press MAINTENANCE selected, then Select CUTTER REPLACEMENT then Press the The to the
To the the too the the or the around the head. WARNING: The when the front cover. the assembly with cover the of the head. the as shown and the to the right. Release the The and Transporting the
and Transporting the the and of to the the New the from its then follow these to the as shown. the
The head while the finished. instructions. the while turning the to the the front cover. The to the right) the The that flushed from the the charge and and head cleaning. The three located the back of the as shown: and the Right
and Transporting the of the the NOT ENOUGH CAPACITY, REPLACE THE XXX MAINTENANCE TANK appears the LCD indicating which the completely the and MAINT TANK FULL appears the LCD, with of which You the the the shown below. You the the or The the the as follows: Empty Nearly The of the this C12C890191. Follow these to the the LCD to which to replaced. Unpack the
to from the when upright and of the the of the and straight of the the the included with the and of properly. the the its and the
and Transporting the to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the think the the light and absorption otherwise, To the the or the around the head. Cleaning the To its becomes the turned off and its lights off. Then the and the from Clean the of the with cloth. If necessary, the cloth with the of the then with cloth. the closed to from the front and or lint-free cloth to clean or the Clean the shown below following the of the arrows. If necessary, the cloth, the of the then with cloth.
If the back, the shown below: If toothpick or to and the
and Transporting the To the from the To to the around the head and the the and covers or the If the the its To the should the and Follow the instructions below to the the Shipment the the and the head the the right). This the head and from Press the to off the the following and interface or other Optional fabric-based the and that as shown below. Tighten the to the head.
WARNING: to the with than the from the First the front locked. the four and washers the to the the them the the where provided. the located the rear the holding the while information about the To the should the and and Transporting the
and Transporting the the or the the to the such as within the the its casters. the turned off and the the the right). If the back the to the then off the the and interface and the and the cover. the front cover closed. Unlock the front casters. the to its location. the casters the Transportation the to the first that the first the the head cloggedespecially the hasnt turned You to cleaning and the head to quality. If the least once month and If the three cleaning cleaning as If to the of with cloth to from
Chapter You the following the this chapter or the FAQ www.proimaging.epson.com. Then try the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: Checking and lights including clearing Uninstalling and the The includes of to To the the and lights the through information. If the and software Chapter or information. To whether the caused the from the instructions. the FAQ www.proimaging.epson.com If of the this chapter as Where To
Explanation BORDERLESS ERROR LOAD THE SUPPORTED PAPER SIZE OR LOAD PAPER PROPERLY CARRIAGE LOCKED RELEASE THE CARRIAGE LOCK CLEANING ERROR PRESS PAUSE BUTTON CLEANING ERROR REMOVE THICK PAPER Checking and Lights The includes lights and LCD to the of the or and light light light or or appears the LCD and the lights the or flash. The following the alphabetical and includes and instructions correcting the The selected, and that selected, or correctly. The head locked. the the head; Head cleaning clear the head cleaning If the the clogged, too thick head Release the to the cleaning. then the Head cleaning automatically. cleaning, or LCD light or Press and the seconds to the the the or correctly. or cleaning buttons feed
Explanation CLEANING ERROR PRESS THE BUTTON IT IS RECOMMENDED TO EXECUTE CLEANING AGAIN COMMAND ERROR CHECK DRIVER SETTINGS CANNOT OPEN COVER Something the obstruction. the cover. F/W INSTALL ERROR UPDATE FAILED RESTART THE PRINTER FRONT COVER OPEN CLOSE The front the cover. FRONT COVER INK CARTRIDGE INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE PLEASE USE GENUINE EPSON INK CARTRIDGES INK CARTRIDGE NON-GENUINE CARTRIDGE MAY NOT PERFORM AT OPTIMUM. CONTINUE? INK CARTRIDGE DO YOU ACCEPT THIS? <ACCEPT DECLINE> INK CARTRIDGE ERROR CHECK CARTRIDGE The Press the then another clogged. cleaning You the to the or the incorrect command. the then the firmware instructions. This appears The expended. the with the with the with Press the to and the with You to the If the and the with Press and the seconds to the the the Pressing the to covered warranty.
Explanation INK CARTRIDGE ERROR PLEASE INSTALL THE CORRECT CARTRIDGE INK CARTRIDGE ERROR REPLACE CARTRIDGE INK COVER OPEN CLOSE INK COVER INK LOW cartridge(s) nearly LEVER RELEASED LOAD PAPER LEVER RELEASED LOWER THE PAPER SET LEVER MAINT TANK ERROR REPLACE THE XXX MAINTENANCE TANK MANT TANK FULL REPLACE THE XXX MAINTENANCE TANK MAINTENANCE PLEASE USE GENUINE EPSON MAINT TANK MAINTENANCE NON-GENUINE MAINT TANK MAY NOT PERFORM AT OPTIMUM. CONTINUE? MAINTENANCE DO YOU ACCEPT THIS? <ACCEPT DECLINE> You to that with this or affected The indicated cover to closed. loaded. released. the back to the The indicated correctly. The which and indicated the with Press the to and the with If the and the with If the cold, least hours the If the appears, the cover. when the the with Pressing the to covered warranty.
Explanation MAINTENANCE REQUEST to the and as MAINTENANCE TANK The indicated Although should NEARLY FULL the as as NO CARTRIDGE INSTALL INK CARTRIDGE NO MAINTENANCE TANK INSTALL THE XXX MAINTENANCE TANK NOT ENOUGH CAPACITY REPLACE THE XXX MAINTENANCE TANK NOT ENOUGH INK REPLACE INK CARTRIDGE WITH NEW ONE NOZZLE CHECK ERROR Press the to clear the PRESS THE BUTTON executed. then the the from the and the PAPER CUT ERROR PRESS THE MENU BUTTON TO MOVE THE CUTTER TO REPLACEMENT POSITION PAPER CUT ERROR REMOVE UNCUT PAPER PAPER EJECT ERROR REMOVE PAPER FROM PRINTER PAPER ERROR LOAD PAPER PROPERLY PAPER LOW The the finished. cartridge(s) cartridge(s); The indicated the The indicated Although should the as as The nearly the expended. Release the and the correctly. manually. necessary. correctly. The the Release the and the Release the and correctly. Release the and the manually. necessary. or the necessary;
Explanation PAPER JAM REMOVE PAPER PAPER OUT LOAD PAPER PAPER SENSOR ERROR PRESS THE BUTTON LOAD THE CORRECT PAPER PAPER SENSOR ERROR PRESS THE BUTTON LOAD DIFFERENT PAPER PAPER SETTING ERROR CHECK PAPER SOURCE IN THE DRIVER SETTINGS AND LOAD PAPER CORRECTLY PAPER SETTING ERROR LOAD CUT SHEET PAPER PAPER SETTING ERROR LOAD ROLL PAPER PAPER SIZE ERROR LOAD CORRECT SIZE PAPER PAPER SKEW LOAD PAPER PROPERLY PRINTER ERROR RESTART THE PRINTER REMOVE ROLL PAPER RAISE THE PAPER SET LEVER AND REMOVE PAPER the Release the and the to the off and then back or If ejected, release the ejected correctly. and the The match the type selected head The match the type selected head The the Source the or selected. and the correctly. loaded, the matches the the selected. or the Press the to sheet loaded, the matches the the selected. or the Press the to The of the the match the Release the and the correctly. straight. Then the to the You to while Release the and from the from the Press the then the right (or the type selection). Press the then the right (or the type selection). the matches the the or the Press the to turn off the seconds, then back
Explanation SERVICE CALL ERROR NNNN If or appear, the head locked. TAKE-UP DISCONNECTED SET AUTO TAKE-UP REEL SYSTEM IN PRINTER AND RESTART THE PRINTER TAKE-UP ERROR SET PAPER PROPERLY IN AUTOMATIC TAKE-UP REEL SYSTEM TAKE-UP ERROR IS ANYTHING OBSTRUCTING THE TAKE-UP REEL SENSOR SYSTEM? LOAD PAPER AGAIN If appears, the correctly. serious occurred. The the correctly. correctly the Something nothing the obstructing the the correctly the Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, Chapter or Chapter If of these the the following the the head; Turn the off. the and seconds. Then corrctly and turn back turning the and off If the as the correctly the
the and light to necessary, as or or and cleaning instructions. Turn off High the the software the If the Choose higher such as SuperPhoto If third-party RIP and the RIP the feed. OS or these the Thickness the the to the white and increase If created to the to when using the and light to necessary, as and cleaning instructions. the head, as the the software the If the Choose higher such as Turn off High You to OS or these Thickness the If created to the to when
Colors incorrect or the the software the or the each of the If the appears too as If the Photoshop or another turn off the OS X) or the the If third-party RIP or the reproduction. If using sheet the and cleaning the each of the If the too as the and light, and supply as or software correct. the the software the and cleaning the and light and supply as The thickness the software OS or to choose the with to the to The too the to the to STANDARD or to NARROW thin instructions.
appears the the software the or smeared. The of The the the or the smeared. other The If thick the incorrect. the or to the to WIDE or WIDER; If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with to the to STD the specifications or wasnt humidity-free If the the path. the of the with cloth. cleaning instructions. Turn off High The too the to the to WIDE or WIDER instructions. and cleaning the front cover This the to and the software the If to the thickness or software OS or to choose the with to the to STD If thick the incorrect. the to the to WIDE or WIDER;
The unexpectedly. The sounds as nothing Nothing Turn off the and the interface securely Then the and If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: correctly. The securely outlet thats switch or The interface securely connected to the and The the outlet matches the the rating If off the and the immediately. If of these the below. If the light flashing, the or to the and lights the the light flashing. the and lights the to occurred. Follow the instructions the Follow the instructions to clean the head. cleaning Communication the and interrupted. the interface the specifications; or The match the Right-click the the then Click the and selected. Download and the or from the www.proimaging.epson.com.
incorrect the or they within the inverted. Turn off the or software. OS X) or instructions. printed. software correctly and the selected. the head as appears to The back of PAPER SIZE CHECK the PRINTER SETUP the the of the and the of the The to feed The Follow the instructions to or cleanly. the too quickly, when using the Advanced B&W If what expected, the below: the and software the incorrectly. Follow the instructions Chapter to the The ROLL PAPER MARGIN the PRINTER SETUP incorrect. the to correctly that or the recommended the software the the Source software correct. Press the the to clear the Then and the to the the correctly. The too thick to with the built-in the with knife. of that with the appears the LCD If the Source to this normally head cleaning. You cleaning the heads each of the to CLEAN EACH COLOR then the
too Turn High Choose software Clear or Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to the Processed High the and If or frequently, try or of the following the Suction information. You this through heavy or thick follow the instructions to the correctly. the or the the within the of to to C), with to relative humidity. the correctly the If the high the too thick or too thin. and to specifications. the path. the isnt located brightly The correctly.
To the the while the light the and Source the software correct. the the or information. If to the thickness and Clearing the and PAPER JAM the LCD Follow these to clear the cover and the the insertion the light flashing, then release the If the locked, and the seconds.
To the touch the around the head. to the absorption and the the the front cover the the the front cover, necessary. Press the to the off and then back
the and that become Uninstalling and the If to and then the software reason, follow the instructions the section below. the Applications then the Double-click and then the software CD-ROM. the and the Select Uninstall from the pull-down then follow the instructions to the If to software, Macintosh. Then follow the instructions to the software. the Select or or Click EPSON Software the then Uninstall/Change or Change/Remove Select then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the If to information, If to software, Then follow the instructions to the software.
Chapter Specifications to to C) (without to Rated to to Rated to or off the the back of information. and Height inches inches inches (without to to C) to RH to RH operation, should and RH to to C) month F) to RH
Specifications Since the of or type of the to the of or type of of purchasing or Interfaces USB and Ethernet UL CSA EMC FCC B, A, CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR inches to 2-inch to 3-inch to both and 3-inch inches (2-inch or inches (3-inch A4 inches) inches) inches ARCH inches) inches B4 (JB4) inches) inches inches) A3 inches) US inches)
to ARCH inches) A3/B inches) B3 (JB3) inches) inches inches) A2 inches) US C inches) ARCH C inches) B2 inches) US inches) A1 inches) inches) inches ARCH inches) A1 inches) B1 inches) inches A0 inches) US inches) ARCH inches) inches A0 inches) B0 inches) B0 inches) inches inches inches Specifications
Specifications Printable inches top and and inches right and the the to or The allows edge-to-edge Cartridges Cartridge years from within months to F to C); month F C) to F to C); month F C) Capacity