S30675 S50675 S70675
Copyrights and rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc., CPD-42714 Copyrights and
Chapter Introduction Instructions Read of these instructions the to follow and instructions the choosing this this that than this This properly or to and humidity. from sunlight, light, or heat to and this from areas. this where the easily this This with this only. with other fire or shock. to properly grounded outlets the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the type of indicated the the that with this of another fire or shock. or cord. Introduction
If with this the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or If to the the or If there the them with of the and using this or cover the this through the to this to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. the heads hand; otherwise this the off the the this pressed, the light flashes then off. the or off the the light flashing. This There of shock the The lithium the apply. www.dtsc.ca.gov/hazardouswaste/perchlorate. the of the reach of and the IC the of the This and Introduction
The IC this of cartridge-related information, such as the that the and freely. If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the or surrounding and Notes Warning: followed to serious to to to this Notes or information the of this otherwise noted, the the S30675, the instructions this apply to three Introduction
Section S50675 and S70675 cover this cover to the around the head. Normally closed when the Cleaning Around the Head Additional The to the S70675. the Additional Drying heater The heater to Heating the these There the and the right. Loading and The the from when using the the the of the both of the the Unit Introduction
The to the as locking screw The locking screws the once they attached to the There locking screws: the and the right. temporarily these when the There the and the right. switch this switch to the Choose to switch this switch to the direction.AutoThe selected option when the switch the Casters There casters each Once the front should while the Airflow These allow to flow the these bottle the bottle this The the the securely bottle collects this bottle. with bottle when the approaches the from this the of this the bottle while the each the selected the or cleaning the to the to the to the insertion. Cartridge This lights when On occurred. the of the the AC #1/AC Connects the to both LAN LAN Introduction
USB the USB cover (right) this cover when Normally closed when the Cleaning the to the the to release the to This lights or flashes when On/Flashing occurred; the type of indicated the lights or flashes. the of the the cover when cleaning the of the or Normally closed when using the Introduction
Section S30675 this cover to the around the head. Normally when the Cleaning Around the Head heater The heater to Heating the these There the and the right. SeeLoading and The the from when the the the of the both of the The to the as the Unit locking screw The locking screws the once they attached to the There locking screws: the and the right. Introduction
temporarily these when the There the and the right. switch this switch to the Choose to switch this switch to the The selected option when the switch the Casters There casters each Once the front casters should while the These allow to the these bottle the bottle this The the the securely bottle collects this bottle. with bottle when the approaches the from this the of this the bottle while the each the to the to the to the insertion. Cartridge This lights when On occurred. the the AC #1/AC the to both LAN the LAN USB the USB cover (right) this cover when Normally closed when the Cleaning Introduction
the to the the to release the to This lights or flashes when On/flashing occurred; the type of indicated the lights or flashes. the the cover when cleaning the of the or Normally closed when using the S70675 and S50675 of the following reduce or these as the chapters the reference sections below. The shows the S70675. head The head and right while The head the Head the head the right Head that the around this the of each Cleaning Around the Head holding plate The holding plates the and the of the from touching the head. the of the Loading S70675/S50675 and Loading S30675 Introduction
the of included) this to (high) There the high the the They the of the when or white and Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) Cleaning the There of which from the the They the or white and The with the of the Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) Cleaning the heater The heater that the evenly. Heating Cleaning the The from the wiper. It included the and to about once three months. the and Cleaner these cover the head to them that this cleaned the of each The from the head that this cleaned once It included the and to about once every three months. the and Cleaner Flushing this flushing. It It included the and to about once every three months. the Flushing Introduction
S30675 of the following reduce quality. or these as the chapters the reference sections below. head The head and right while that clean the around this the of each the head the of the cleaning. Cleaning Around the Head holding The holding plates the and the of the from touching the head. the plates of the Loading S30675 the of included) this to These the Cleaning the heater The heater that the evenly. Heating Cleaning the The from the wiper. It included the and to about once every three months (or Cleaning the and Introduction
these cover the head to them from that the cleaned the of each Cleaning The from the head that this cleaned the of each It included the and to about once every three months (or Cleaning the and Flushing this flushing. It included the and to about once three months (or the Flushing switch The switch to the and to the these There the and the right. fixing screw These screws the once the installed. There screws: the and the right. Introduction
If the to mounted the heavy, these to the to the of the There the and the right. Pre-heater the that the to these the There the and the right. the right the to the and apply to the LAN RJ-45 the LAN shielded twisted or higher). The shows and whether the The On On The connected using 1000base-T Flashing The 1000base-T Introduction
On On (red) The connected 100base-TX Flashing The 100base-TX the and off. light light) The indicated or flashing light. On The Flashing The or head cleaning or other operations shut-down. The off. Introduction
Press this to the which such items as Select and This The the and the Press this to the (back Press this to to the when options displayed. Operations buttons and right arrow buttons) to the when such as or IP the buttons buttons) the lowered and the pressed, If the pressed, rewound. This of the the Press and the while or feed to the the the the to the to that when the to the when its reaches the releasing the and then the the to the Printable Press the Printable Press the the to the to the displayed, these buttons to items and options. Operations OK Pressing this when item highlighted displays options the selected Pressing this when option highlighted selects the highlighted item or the selected operation. sounds, the to off the Introduction
(heating and button) Pressing this displays the Heating Drying where the Heater If the optional attached, Additional These options Heating Pressing this displays the which such items as Cleaning Head Head and Counter This The The this while To release the the or the and then the To processed, the and then the Pressing this when the and the to ready the the ready feed the to the this and then this to feed. the The following shows the the S50675. the operation, and Displayed Introduction
Heater From to right, this shows the the pre-heater, heater, and heater. The thermometer rough of the of the heaters. The heater reached the selected information This information displayed when the specified info From to right, this shows the selected and If created with this selected as the the (from to displayed. RIP selected, displayed. The selected shown as follows: The displayed selected the The the of and the or the as shown below: Normal Warning or The indicated as follows: The heater reached the selected Ready to The height of the with the of Introduction
You the of using the option the The BK Black C MS LK Light Black OR+ LC Light LM Light WH White bottle the amount of the bottle. The as shown below when the bottle nearly or Normal Warning or You to The of reached the with the promptly. If the replaced, the head or other The locked. the to the the and the to the occurred. the the and clear the cleaning The height of the shows the amount of cleaning the three Introduction
The of the bottle shown as follows: This the S50675 only. the The Additional included with the S50675 and optional other This shows the optional Not or correctly. Heating The to the amount of The bottle Ready bottle. The bottle with bottle. The whether the The whether the The The To the Additional On the Introduction
This wide-format to inches) The of this below. High Productivity heaters The three heaters below productivity and The pre-heater: Warms to the from The heater: that the The heater: Can to feeding high-capacity The feeding high-capacity with of to inches) and of to that With the optional heavy the with of inches). The cleanly, with high-volume and overnight High-capacity The high-capacity, (white to productivity, reducing the High-speed The S50675 with heads High using each of Introduction
High The high (included with the S50675; optional with other increased performance and productivity. It recommended when using the S70675 as the white and to High Quality Smooth tone high-fidelity reproduction The S70675 light-colored (light light and light reducing tone gradation, while the of increases the high-fidelity reproduction. It of of wraps and that inspected white and of when the S70675 with white and or the S50675 with white The white high opacity, graphics). Other white or showing through and allowing of using Ease of and The and the to the to the and directly. to where to that to installation, the offers that allow heavy to to the of the Virtually The distinctive of solvent-based reduced with This the that items exhibited Introduction
The S50675 with If the to the with the head. and of and Ease of through and the of this of The with Browser built the interface offers Once the and to selected of when the overnight and other and sound and the light. The sounds to wasted while to Ethernet The with high-speed USB and Base-TX/1000 Base-T interfaces. Introduction
Notes and this white and that the following clear of other that and obstructed. the of the Specifications Notes the the following when this to breakdowns, malfunctions, and Additional white and using the the operating and the Specifications however, that the achieved the and within the the within those the the operating the information, the with the Also, when operating areas, or sunlight, the humidity. Introduction
using the locations with heat or locations that to from or conditioners. The head and or the or around the such as cleaning and to or recommended to of the of the the head. Cleaning The head (the head to the right the turned off when the or occurred. function covering the head with to the head from this the and automatically. the the or the the The head properly. this the and automatically. The head cleaned to the from that the bottle whenever the as head cleaning and other to the head Introduction
Notes Not the If using the following when the If correctly, to properly the used. Additional white and If the (and switched off), cleaning separately) and Pre-Storage Leaving the heads unwashed clogs. (Pre-Storage information. If and the least once every If the head become clogged. Head cleaning the turned and started. Head cleaning heads and the off cleaning If the the head head cleaning the head clogged. Checking The crease the The become or curled, causing or the with the head. the the the that the head (the head the right). If the head the If the head capped, the and then off. covers the If the cloth or the to build-up. The head and they become easily the head, and to properly. the that or Introduction
the following when to Additional white and to the head the first the used; earlier than location that to sunlight. of sunlight. To the the the earlier of the following The shown the months the If from to than four hours the touch the IC You to properly. (Fixed) or 4C to with (Unfixed) or cleaning to with You of the empty. the without The the and the function as expected. or while the the IC the information such as the and the from the Introduction
cleaning from the to from the supply of that from the the used. the supply when the and used. While the supply of The supply to capped. around the supply to the surrounding when the To the of the head, this completely expended. Although the this function or performance. or You to properly. or otherwise, the With the of and thoroughly once every three and Cartridges or the following when or that to the with each type of Introduction
Notes the or the the and from quality. both wearing the to and should thrown locations that to sunlight, heat, or should from the rewound, and its Leaving the to To high the following or scratch the If or scratched, the off. the as this the completely or as otherwise or other appear where the These the immediately and become the separated. sunlight. To and as instructed the with the Introduction
to the of the to characteristics. or of the following The function that the head or to from sedimented. this function, that the off. If the turned off, the This which the of (Pre-Storage To the while Circulating displayed the while required. If to To of the process, that Circulation The and thoroughly once hours. their If the vertically, the to the that the Refresh from the the Refresh the following when least than specified that the function as expected, causing to the with the or the Introduction
the Software of the Software CD The following the software CD. as required. information about these applications, the the The software RIP The from the Software Summary LFP Remote LFP to from and the created the to and the Network and that IP network EpsonNet With this software, the from This as it allows to and using the Starting LFP Remote LFP Remote that the displays Ready The of the following Double-click the LFP the The LFP Remote created when the Click (or LFP Remote LFP Remote Click the item the LFP Remote LFP information. LFP Remote and LFP Remote The the LFP Remote to to It the software RIP the when the connected to USB. the software RIP information the Introduction
Exiting LFP Remote Click the LFP Uninstalling Software to account account with the when prompted and then with the of the operation. other that This section to LFP Remote and the Turn off the and the interface to the and Uninstall from the category. XP, to the and or Select the software to and then Uninstall/Change (or Change/Remove Selecting the following the SC-S70675 Comm Uninstall SC-S50675 Uninstall SC-S30675 Comm Uninstall To LFP LFP Remote Select the and then OK Follow the instructions to the appears, If the the Introduction
Chapter Operations Loading and The with the of or type of feeding used. Choose the to the S70675 or S50675 Positioning of the the type or The based the positioning of the Therefore, the positioning of the Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) and Loading S70675/S50675 the S30675 Loading S30675 Notes Loading to the the following information the that the Supported The heaters and holding to the burns. to or when or closing the front cover. to this the of the The of the and injury. the heavy should Operations
The crease the The become or curled, causing or the with the head. the following when If the following when amounts of and to the and the directly the should rewound and its with the clothing. its the the its right and If the right and of the feeding the to around Either to the or without Operations
Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) the to Positioning of There to the the of the the following when positioning to that the positioning of the that the of the within the of The right of the within the of through to the white and these Operations
There of shown below, the to the type of that the of to the or white or high or white the the of with the Loading S70675/S50675 Follow the below when the feeding the Unit the optional heavy feeding the feeding This section the S70675 to the of when the feeding to Notes Loading Operations
Turn the and appears the to the and causing clogs when the turning the off from leading to malfunction, that the turned off. the front cover and the holding plates of the If the holding plates of the insertion or to the of the the the holding and the to the right and of the the fixing screws sufficiently and the that the the than the the the Operations
If the right the The properly the the oriented to below). the and right of the with the to the Printable Printable Operations
Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) If the with the as the the the of the to the then the If the outer of than inches), manually and the The reach the when using the Operations
Tighten the screw the screw to the the the right of the to the then the If the outer of than inches), manually and the Operations
To the the sufficiently, the section the of the the If the the insufficiently, correctly of the and This the 10.Tighten the screw to the Operations
If the screw the This and the the the below Once the further. to this the If the turned the the screw the right and then from the Operations
the approximately inches) the then the that the of the within the of the that of with of inches: to and the the of the within the to the while they the Operations
the of the and the the straight to the of the heater. the with both This the to or around. The the heater when loaded. If too forcefully, the around or become both of the and while Operations
To grease the the the top of the Normal the high right or they the the within inch) of the the within the There the the from the or white or high only. positioning the within inch) from the and right of the the from the Operations
the lowered, the the the the holding plates both of the Operations
While holding the both the plates to the of the that both of the to the of the of round the the holding plates with that than inch) thick. The plates and the head. the plates that the of the the of the round Incorrect positioning or the holding plates to the and right of the when they the holding plates the of the or torn. Operations
the front cover. using the the Unit the to the and and the optional heavy feeding This section the S70675 to to when the optional heavy feeding the heavy, should or the least recommended when that or The that follows that used. The following of used: or platform thickness: inches) or The or lowered to inches) from the to Notes Loading Turn the and appears the to the and causing clogs when the turning the off from leading to malfunction, that the turned off. the front cover and the holding of the Operations
If the holding plates of the insertion or to the of the the the holding and the plates to the right and of the the and right fixing screws sufficiently and the that the the than the If the right the The properly the Operations
Temporarily the oriented to below) the and right of the with the to the Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) If the with the as the the and the Printable Printable Operations
or the the with the the Next, the screw the screw to the Operations
the right To the the sufficiently, the section the of the the If the the insufficiently, correctly of the and This the Operations
10.Tighten the screw the screw to the If the screw the This and the the Operations
the the below Once the further. to this the If the turned, the the screw the right and then from the Operations
the the then the that the of the within the of the that of with of inches: to and the the of the within the to the while they the Operations
the of the and the the straight to the of the heater. the with both This the to or around. The the heater when loaded. If too forcefully, the around or become both of the and while Operations
To grease the the the top of the Normal the high to the right or they the the within inch) of the the within the There the the from the Operations
or white or high only. positioning the within inch) from the and right of the the from the the lowered, the the the the holding plates both of the Operations
While holding the both the plates to the of the that both of the to the of the round the the holding plates with that than inch) thick. The and the head. the that the of the the of the round Incorrect positioning or the holding plates to the and right of the when they the holding plates the of the or torn. Operations
the front cover. the the Unit using the to the and and Loading S30675 Follow the below when using the feeding the Unit the optional heavy feeding the feeding This section to when the feeding to Notes Loading Press the and appears the the front cover, and the holding of the If the plates of the insertion or to the of the Operations
the the holding plates and the plates to the right and of the the fixing screws sufficiently and the that the the than the the the If the right the The properly the the oriented to below). Printable Printable Operations
the of the with the the If the the the as instructed the the the of the to the then the If the outer of than inches), manually and the The reach the when using the Operations
Tighten the screw the screw to the the the right of the to the then the If the outer of than inches), it manually and the Operations
To the the sufficiently, the section the of the the If the the insufficiently, feed correctly of the and This the 10.Tighten the screw the screw to the Operations
If the screw the This and the the the below Once the further. to this the If the turned the the screw the right and then from the Operations
the inches) the then the 14.Confirm that the of the the of the the the pre-heater. Operations
to and the the of the within the to the while they the the of the and the the straight to the of the heater. the with both This the to or around. Operations
The the heater when loaded. If too forcefully, the around or become the to the the holding plates both of the Operations
While holding the both the plates to the of the that the of the to the of the round the the holding plates with that than inch) thick. The holding and the head. the that the of the the of the round Incorrect positioning or the holding plates to the and right of the when they the holding the of the or torn. Operations
the front cover. the the Unit using the to the and and the optional heavy feeding This section to when the optional heavy feeding the it should or the least recommended when that or The that follows that used. The following of used: or platform thickness: inches) or or platform lowered to inches) from the to Notes Loading Press the and appears the the front cover, and the holding plates of the If the holding plates of the insertion or to the of the Operations
the the holding plates and the plates to the right and of the the and right fixing screws and the that the the than the If the right the The properly the the the oriented to below). Printable Printable Operations
the that the of the matches the the If the the the as instructed the the and the or the the with the Operations
the Next, the screw the screw to the the right Operations
To the the sufficiently, the section the of the the If the the insufficiently, correctly of the and This the Operations
Tighten the screw the screw to the If the screw the This and the the Operations
the the below Once the further. to this the If the turned the the screw the right and then from the Operations
the approximately inches) the then the 14.Confirm that the of the within the the the pre-heater. to and the the of the within the to the while they the Operations
the of the and the the straight to the of the heater. the with both This the to or around. The the heater when loaded. If too forcefully, the around or become Operations
the to the the holding plates both of the While holding the both the plates to the of the that both of the with the of the round the Operations
the holding plates with that than inch) thick. The holding plates and the head. the that the of the the of the round Incorrect positioning or the to the and right of the when they the holding plates the of the or torn. the front cover. the the Unit the to the and and and The displays the following information once the loaded. This to or the following Operations
On The displays the amount of The the amount of On the the amount of based the of the and the amount and this information the The rough of the amount of to know when warning when the amount of reaches specified Selected the which based as shown below. RIP based those the RIP. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX based those the of based the options selected the Heater Suction, Head and other to of assigning them to to Select option. To the buttons to and the Proceed to To the buttons to and the Select the items to and the Select the option and the Operations
Press the to the shown and then the that the correct, the buttons to and the the type selection appears, the buttons to the type that matches the and the If On selected prompted to the of the the buttons to choose and and and the You the If the of foot. The Ready showing that ready to the to from the and To or the the amount of the and the the amount of The displays the amount of and the This to whether the The amount of the when the loaded. You the amount of the leading of the from the and then this the the information the amount The or the amount of when selected the and Operations
The following section to the amount of Confirm that the ready to Press the the and the Select and the Press the to the amount of Cutting included) to the when Operations
The heaters and holding plate necessary to the burns. to or with the or other that the ready, the and the that the trailing of the to the and the front cover. If the amount of the to the that this information the the Operations
the used, the the front cover, and the plates of the the and the to the right and of the the with the the of the the Operations
the used, to to the switch to off the completely operating the switch to the the the the To the the followed to Loading S70675/S50675 41or Loading S30675 To the the S70675 or S50675, the the Operations
the Unit The as printed, the efficiency of operation. The this of the following Printed Printed with the the of the with the the of the Follow the procedures below to the to the and then the to the the The that follows the the when using the optional heavy otherwise noted). Attaching the Core with the facing or with the facing Follow the instructions the when or or the that or caught the while operation. that than the of the This allows the to without from the or injury. to this injury. Operations
to the using the supplied. the reduces the completely used, purchase (that easily stretched or with of to (about inch). the recommended (S70675 and S50675 only). or the Core using the optional heavy and this that the of the the If the the the shown below that the correctly, the the leading of the reaches the the button to the as as the If the hand, the the fixing screws both and the Operations
the the the right with the right of the and the fixing screw. the and right corners of the as shown below. Operations
the feeding such as the and right corners of and caught the of This allows the to the the the right the the Operations
the the shown the below and the screw. using the optional heavy securely the the both and then the fixing screws. the the below Stop when The function as expected the too Operations
the the section or with the facing with the facing the inches) length, and approximately the of the the the of the reaches the of the Once turn the further. to this the If the turned the Then the fixing screw and the Operations
Turn the from the front of the and using the to the with the If it around the switch to Operations
the slightly touches the the both of the reach the and around once or Operations
the right and they slightly the three counter to both of the Operations
three each the and right. correctly counterweights to or the the and right. other than the to the head to the To counterweights, them the as when attaching them. Operations
with the facing the inches) length, and the of the the the of the reaches the of the Turn the from the front of the and Operations
the to the with the If around the switch to the slightly touches the Operations
holding the both of the wrapped around once or the right and they slightly the Operations
three counter to both of the Operations
three each the and right. correctly counterweights to or the the and right. other than the counterweights to the head to the To counterweights, them the as when attaching them. Operations
the the The whether the or the optional heavy Follow the below when the the heavy, should or the least Follow the instructions the when or or from the or the and the the To the from off the the its the fixing screw and the from the the the To the from off the the its right Operations
the right fixing screw and the from the the the the the Optional This section to from the using The following of used: or thickness: inch) or or platform lowered to inches) from the the heavy, should recommended when that or Follow the instructions the when or or removing from the or injury. Operations
the and the the Cutting the the and the and the height to the the fixing screw and the from the the right fixing screw and the from the Operations
To the following inspection each the amount of If once the affected replaced. when the If know that the that to those that The and shown the If to and and once every hours. Although the hours the that they and the of and Cartridges to head cleaning of the or Checking and Head Operations
Flow To its to the characteristics. the following: Heating Drying Advanced Suction, Tension, follow the flow below to of to manually or the specified Advanced Recommended and and Head Heating Drying If Precautions Correctly the to the as using the the should Loading and and the Unit curled, creased, waved, or off the curled, creased, waved, or and the If the when the type the the to reconfigured. each Operations
the type of with should the S70675 or S50675, the that and rewound that and then rewound or other from and to correctly. The offers of Follow the below to The the EPSON LFP Remote the EPSON LFP Choosing confirming that the ready, the The displayed. Select and the the to and the the buttons to the and the button. If with existing selected, the existing the distinctive to Select and the the buttons to and the character displayed, the to the Operations
the to the character and the back the the this the reads the while the and continuously and Head the of the following items this Advanced the following executed. the action, and the The to or interference from other light the from of interference. clogged. Head Cleaning to clogs. the following the each The or colored. to or found. Operations
The of the to the below. The amount of with the and the used. S70675, S50675 S30675 the to the the using the the the and to the Loading and and the Unit the the straight the the the top of the heater. Loading and the or to and the button. This and Ready displayed the completed. Heating Drying You the of the heaters or turn the the or off (included with the S50675 and optional with other Heater the the the buttons to Heating Drying and the the buttons to the option and the button. Choose Heater Operations
You the of the pre-heater, heater, and heater. heater as follows: the heaters to the recommended the with the the the or or the however, that the too high the to or The the heaters to reach the specified with the the buttons to heater. From the options pre-heater, heater, and heater. selecting the heater, the buttons to choose the Select the option and the Additional This displayed when the optional with the S50675; optional with other The On and the when the to On or Press the button. Press the to to the the buttons to choose the option and the Operations
This to when or when to the this and Head individually. when or when or and Head to when of the following The Tension or Suction Advanced attached to or from the The and the optional heavy switched The of (S70675, S50675) Head this the to becomes the of the following items this Advanced Operations
This when or This and The reads using the while the and automatically. You to the and specify the this or when The of the to the below. The amount of with the and the used. S70675, S50675 S30675 Approx. Approx. Precautions that the and the to the the Unit, the to the Unit. Loading and and the Unit Press the to the the buttons to and the Operations
the buttons to and the the buttons to the and the If with existing selected, the existing the buttons to and the the to and the button. the to of the following and the This and Ready displayed the of the completed. The selection displayed. Select the to printed, and the to to The the the the becomes. Measure the the the the the the to the to the obtained and the the completed, the to the Ready Operations
Head You the following three of from this The using the while the and automatically. the and the this or when the and specify the this or when first and then S70675 and S50675, should Head). Precautions that the ready, and the to the the Unit, the to the Unit. Loading and and the Unit Press the to the the to and the the buttons to and the the buttons to the and the If with existing selected, the existing the buttons to and the the buttons to Head and the If RIP selected, the thickness of the to used, and the Operations
the buttons to of the following and the This and Ready the completed. Press the to to The selection displayed. Select and the to to the Select the shown below: the to displayed, the buttons to the recorded and the C1 Operations
printed, the and then the The displayed when the the Heating Drying and using the shown below. Heating Drying Press the The Heating Drying displayed. the buttons to the option and the Choose Heater the buttons to heater. From the options pre-heater, heater, and heater. selecting the heater, the to choose the Additional the buttons to On or Pressing the the currently selected Press the to to the Operations
The the heaters to reach the specified with the Press the The displayed. the buttons to the If the amount too appear; the amount If, the feed amount too white appear; the amount the If with the the buttons to the This the of the currently selected Press the to the Operations
If the the displayed the as shown below. To clear this the following operations. or S70675/S50675 The whether or high to the The the below shows the The arrow the feed The A the both when the correctly the The and right of the to the On The the and right of the holding plates attached, within inches) of the and right of the as the The of the correctly the holding plates correctly. the feeding or the optional heavy feeding inches) the from A as the of the If the correctly, the and right of the the of the the of the Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) Operations
to the four Margin This RIP. If the the they to and to inch) respectively to feeding Top This RIP. the the pulled when the loaded. although the the RIP the than inch), to to feeding The selected the The to inch). to inch) Right The of the selected and Margin(Right) the The and Margin(Right) inch). The and the the RIP used. the RIP information. This the RIP the software. the RIP information. the following when of inch) or when holding Narrower the the If the of the and and right the of the printed. Explanation to to inch) inch) or to to inches) Operations
high high or white or the the the from the positioning of the the the below.) The arrow the The A the of the high to the four Margin This RIP. If the the they to and to inch) respectively to feeding accuracy. Top This RIP. the the pulled when the loaded. although the the RIP the than inch), to to feeding The selected the The to inch). to inch) Right The of the selected and Margin(Right) the The and Margin(Right) inch). Explanation to to inch) inch) or to to inches) Operations
The and the the RIP used. the RIP information. This the RIP the software RIP used. the RIP information. the following when of the the within A (indicated the If the of the and and right the of the printed. S30675 The the below shows the The arrow the The and right of the to the On The the and right of the holding plates attached, within inch) of the and right of the as the The of the detected correctly the holding attached correctly. the feeding or the optional heavy feeding The the heaters the below) as the reference the right of the of the width of the the of the to inches) from the reference the right Operations
to this inches) of the of the to the four Margin This RIP. If the the they to and and inch) respectively to feeding Top This RIP. the the pulled when the loaded. although the the RIP the than inch), to to feeding accuracy. The selected the The to inch). to inch) Right The of the selected and Margin(Right) the The and Margin(Right) inch). The and the the RIP used. the RIP information. This the RIP the software RIP used. the RIP information. Explanation to to inch) inch) or to to inches) Operations
the following when of inch) or when holding Narrower the If the of the and and right the of the printed. If the following when the and right of the the of the the of the that the the to the of the right reference the with the where the The Operations
Chapter It to to to life. Read this section and appropriately. This section with that when the to Cleaning and Cleaning Clean the the the following If cleaning neglected, and the with and attached, the following from or the of the head. clogs that cleared repeated head cleaning. head
to to cleaned At least once If and to and heater, holding and cover interior) Flushing the below. to to If the the cartridge(s) as as and bottle the Once every three months the or holding plates Around the head Cleaning Around the Head Around the cleaner, Cleaning Around the Cleaning the Cleaning the S70675 and S50675 the Flushing of to the and the the These should to the section the of the cleaner, or when the section or the and Cleaner Flushing This should to or cleaning, or when appear the the Flushing the Plates
Other to Procedure the following the (displayed once hours): and (MS/)WH displayed) checking which or appear found Head cleaning If clogs cleared head cleaning Head or cleaning around the head and of refresh the (and switched off) than specified of restarted the following the Apply secondary grease. and which Checking If clogged, or other or Head Cleaning Head Refresh The with the of used. (Pre-Storage (S70675 only) The specified with the selected (S70675 only) Applying secondary grease Applying Secondary Grease
Cleaning The following sections the cleaning and to them. What Ready the following items cleaning and Protective included) Protects from and cleaner. included) Protects and mouth from and with Cleaning Cleaning Clean-room or Flushing The S70675 and S50675 each and the S30675 each
with Cleaner The that with the Used cleaning and wiper, cleaner, and flushing from the If the cleaning and other cleaning the Soft cloth, included) when cleaning the Lint-free and static-free recommended. Grease Grease Cleaning Secondary grease purchase from and Products
cleaning cleaner, secondary grease, or the the cleaning cleaner, secondary grease, or location of reach of wear protective clothing, including protective eyewear, and the bottle or using the cleaner, thoroughly. the from the proceeding. Complete the within to the head sound the boards, or that cleaning. to this malfunction or reduced the cleaning or Other of that the head. fresh cleaning Re-using to the of the from the head. Should such as or or or mouth, immediately the following If to immediately it off using of physician the appears irritated or If immediately with to this bloodshot or inflammation. If with physician. If mouth, physician immediately. If force the to and with physician immediately. If the forced to caught the trachea which
or the or the congeals when with or Touch to electricity. the Head This section to the head cleaning. to follow the below when the head. the head manually malfunction. Confirm that the ready and The displayed. the buttons to Head and the The head to the cleaning
The sounds the head Press the to the cleaning process. passed, the sounds to around the head, around the and the flushing only. other of the the this to the with the the and about of the the cleaning with cleaner.
allow to from the cleaning clean-room with cleaner, the cleaner. Used cleaner, cleaning and and should of the as of Used of sunlight. using the cleaner, to first the and then the outer to securely these or of the cleaner. Cleaning To and the head, wiper, and as this section. Cleaning Around the Head If or when checking the around the head, the following the below. The S70675 and S50675 heads; both. to the head the Head
the head to the of the the cover. cleaning with the cleaner. Cleaner the cleaning each of the cleaning clean-room off and from the that indicated below. the below. to this quality. Right-hand head the S30675.
Right-hand head the S30675, S70675, and S50675: head the S70675 and S50675: to to the indicated the arrows, to off found. If or caught, using the of cleaning Apply cleaner to the indicated the arrows to
applying cleaner, too the indicated shown below). Also, the cleaning back and forth. clean-room with the cleaner, then and the front, back, and of the and from the head the cleaning from the once.
the cleaning back and forth. the head cleaning: cleaning: and and cleanly If or and
If off while the of the head the head If the to to apply cleaner. off the cleaning and location from sunlight. the cover. Next, around the Cleaning Around the The following shows the of cleaning locations location Cleaning the the right cover. cleaning with cleaner. Cleaner Clean the front and back of the the with cleaning S70675 S30675 S50675
Clean the front and back of the the with cleaning S70675 and S50675, the other wipers the Next, to the cleaning Cleaning the S70675 and S50675, both of the
strongly the or the surrounding of the or the of the with cleaning or The and to correctly. the cleaning with cleaner. Cleaner
the cleaning and the of the the cleaning and the outer of the If as to the section front of and the and to the of the the section. If nothing to the to Cleaning the and
Additional cleaning around the the following procedures the amount of finished, to Cleaning the and to the section the cleaning with cleaner. Cleaner Apply to the section, and then of to the section
If of completely using cleaning
there or the the of the cleaning or Cleaning the and Press the the and that the to the back.
the as shown and from the the and that or attached to the to Attached however, of around the the below, should the with the and Cleaner
or that to the of the using the cleaning with cleaner. Cleaner off that become attached to the top, right, and of the Top
Right and the cleaner. the the and hear click.
On the S70675 and S50675, clean the other and the cleaning, the right cover and the The when the head to its To Checking To of cleaner, cleaning and clean-room of Used Cleaning the and If the of the while to the or attached of the wiper, the to around the which clogs that cleared repeated head cleaning. the right cover. the the to the and the clean-room with cleaner. Cleaner
Press the front and of the of the the clean-room wiper, then off and If the off or with the and Cleaner the cleaning with cleaner. Cleaner
the cleaning off that the of the wiper. off that the with the cleaning finished cleaning, the the and clicks the S70675 or S50675, the from the other wiper.
the S70675 and S50675, the other and the Next, to the cleaning Cleaning Around the Cleaning the and the heater, and these to the Furthermore, or the cover, around the head. The heaters and holding plate to the burns. to or when or closing the front cover. to this injury. cleaning the cleaner. to this the turned off and the turned off, and then the from the the the front cover. the the using cloth.
Cleaning the S70675 and S50675 while rotating the sections the cloth the the the when grease to the cloth. If cloth touches the the with grease. Cleaning the S30675 cloth the and the and the of the to the
strongly the when This the and using or cloth that and and the of the
off the holding plates cloth that with used, If from the to the of the the head Normally, off and that attached to the without removing the holding self-adhesive or to the of the holding the and off both the front and to the to their Replacing the Plates the cover and
and with or cloth that and cleaning, the front cover and cover. Cleaning the Flushing If or to the of the flushing the head and the following cleaning. this to
the head Moving the Head cleaning with cleaner. Cleaner Clean the top of the flushing and with the of cleaning the section of the top the head. If the and and the flushing with the Flushing the and the The when the head to its of Used
Cleaning the of the Unit White created to the and of the If malfunction, and it If found, the the off white that the indicated as shown below cloth.
Cleaning to to cleaned Cleaned the of every If and to to Flushing Around the Head Cleaning Around the Head to Around Cleaning Around the Cleaning the and Cleaning the Cleaning the Flushing
and Cartridges shown the the and both about inches) seconds. and when the them about seconds. from the and then to characteristics, the of this to to the of the the and it If displayed, the cartridge(s) as as If of the expended, If Cartridge appears when the with promptly. If the warning displayed, the head or other If while the when the
The following to and cleaning the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service the the the to the the top of the and the straight around the supply to the surrounding when the
the and both about inches) seconds. and when the them about seconds. Match the of the to the of the the and the to the latch. to to other using or cartridges.You of the empty.
information of of Used of to the bottle when the following displayed the bottle. bottle and the the bottle to another or while the the operations shown below, the bottle instructed to the on-screen to this to Head cleaning Head refresh counter The the counter to and displays when the counter reaches the If follow the instructions and the bottle, the counter cleared automatically. If the bottle prompted the Counter option the The If the bottle prompted the clear the counter. the counter to the and the appear the right
the bottle the bottle from the bottle the the mouth of the bottle and the bottle the Tightly the the bottle. You the the bottle when of the throw Press the
to that fresh bottle correctly and then the to the counter. to that the the mouth of the bottle. the surrounding the the bottle. information the of bottles, of Used the and this to the and that the they of. If such directly the that to to the characteristics of the the head the Head the head to the of the the right cover. the cleaner.
the as shown and from the cleaner.
the and hear click. the wiper.
the the to the and the wiper. the and hear click. of the S70675 or S50675 to to and the wiper. the cover, then the If the once, the to the If the the head to its and the
of wipers and cleaners, of Used the Flushing this to the head Moving the Head the head to the of the the right cover. the flushing the as shown below and the of the
from the of the flushing the and the the flushing that the of. If such directly the that to to the characteristics of the flushing
the the flushing the as shown and the the clicks the cover. Then the If the once, the to the If the the head to its and the of flushing of Used the Plates the holding plates with the or to them with ones. and Products If or holding plate to used, to the head. and the to the off. and Removing the cover and front cover. the holding
While holding the of the holding plate both the plate to the of the to the holding plate from the of the If the plate from the right the and malfunction. the holding plate and then the right holding the of the
If the holding plate the right the and malfunction. the the following the white the with the the holding
While the of the plate the the sections to the front of the that sections the of the holding securely as shown below and that they attached with the and The the rear of the the front of the white
The the of the the front of the If both sections correctly, to to them the head While holding the of each holding both both the plates to the and right of the respectively. Releasing the the holding the cover and front cover.
of Used Used cleaning cleaner, bottles, wipers, cleaners, flushing and of items to and such the sheet to the You the from the Where To
this to to to bottle the Once three months to the and the the plates or holding plates of the and Cleaner Flushing the Flushing the Plates Cleaned
Other Checking that the clogs each to There three to clogs. The clogs specified with as printed. If detected, the option, Stop or The the following White (S70675) or (S50675). The with other The or colored. selected the Choose another option If the to sunlight or interference from other light the from of interference. At specified the the of inspect the to whether there or the or following with to or that would too The as and inspected to whether the clogged.
the of the used, the existing If the to or than inches than inches, to three the the and the right). If the to or than inches than inches, to printed the and the right). the than inches or This section to and inspect that the ready, the The displayed. Select choose and the printed.
as necessary, and inspect the of The of head cleaning from the Head clogs from the of If when (including that used), the clogs The when To the post-cleaning the existing the to the the with the Head Cleaning Should the or to the cleaning the head as below. There to the head the or other
Head cleaning Choose from three of head cleaning. Select (Light) first. If the or head cleaning once, or options The features options head cleaning selected as below. Cleaning Head cleaning selected of to hours. The Cleaning Head cleaning selected of to The This section to clean the head that the Press the when the ready to the Pressing the when to the to Cleaning and the
Choose the to cleaned. Choose this option the or If to Selected Choose this option of the numbered arrays) the contained or You arrays. Choose the to cleaned. the to choose the with or the and the selecting the to clean, Proceed and the Select cleaning and the Head cleaning The when cleaning and inspect the to whether the Checking If the when head cleaning the to whether the If clogs cleared repeated head cleaning, the around the head stained. the following sections and clean each Cleaning Around the Head Cleaning Around the Cleaning the Flushing If clogs cleared cleaning, Head the Head On the S70675 or S50675, head that cleared Head with the head the Head the The
Head If clogs cleared head cleaning and cleaned around the head, Head from the with or the and the from the items below. S70675/S30675 Item Explanation XX/XX Clean only the selected Select this item when or of detected. Clean the Select this item when or of detected. XX S50675 Item Explanation Head1 XX/XX Clean the selected this item when or detected Head2 XX/XX Head1 Head2 Clean the of both the heads. Select this item when or of of both heads detected. XX cleaning Head The of Cleaning below. specifying cleaning: cleaning the as shown below Clean the of head. Select this item when or of of head detected.
Product Cartridges S70675 S50675 5C S30675 required, the attached The parentheses the of when Head1 or Head2 selected. Head If the amount of or cleaning the function there amount as that the ready, the The displayed. the buttons to Head and the the buttons to and the (fixed) 4C
Follow the instructions to the Ready appears the head and inspect the to whether the the S70675 or S50675, only head that cleared head with the head the Head the The Refresh of Refresh. the ready, the to the the buttons to Refresh and Select Refresh The or 5C (S50675) the the with detected. If areas, both of MS/WH or WH
of other than MS/WH) or WH) (S70675), 4C (S50675), S30675 Select (Pre-Storage If the (and switched off), Pre-Storage to clogs. cleaning separately) Pre-Storage The following the and the of cleaning S70675 Cartridges Colors to WH/MS or If the Pre-Storage only. S70675 Cartridges Colors to WH or WH) If the Pre-Storage only. S70675 Cartridges Colors or S50675 Cartridges Colors to WH/WH or If the Pre-Storage only.
S50675 Cartridges Colors or S30675 Cartridges Colors month or Pre-Storage only, to Pre-Storage to operations If the amount of or cleaning the function there amount as Confirm that the ready and The displayed. the to Pre-Storage and the button. Select the and the Select
MS/WH (S70675: WH (S70675: 5C or the Follow the instructions the to the the following when the and that Notes the and Restarting of the restarting of the charge the with charging as Switch the and follow the on-screen instructions. first restarting and that there clogs. Checking (S70675 only) The than specified of Cleaning instead of the function, reducing of This function (Fixed) To to the the The the specified to hour (approximately). The following shows the of the function as as the type and the of to the function. If the which the than the recommended shown below, that the increases when the
from the three months or Select One Cleaning required. using both three months or Select (Unfixed) Cleaning required. from restarting the of Select One White to month or Select (Unfixed) One Cleaning required. from (Unfixed) restarting the of only the White Select One White restarting the of both Select One White and respectively. The the following The turned Monthly of operating
If the amount of or cleaning the function If displayed the of operations as as This function the Cartridge displayed. there amount as that the the The displayed. the buttons to and the the buttons to and the Follow the on-screen instructions to the the that
Secondary Grease If Apply secondary grease. displayed the of the grease the grease with the the below (showing the S70675), the secondary A. the with the grease this operation. The malfunction grease from B. The secondary grease A. This B. this to fresh to the grease the of the the the grease and the to the as shown. Turn off the and the front cover.
the grease the secondary A) that the the the back of the and then smoothly from to the other and back to off the cleaning the grease the about the of the cleaning the of the to grease. to the grease the and cleaning apply grease to the as below. the of the cleaning the grease. the cleaning or three and then
Apply the grease to the the of the grease tool. the grease the secondary and smoothly from to the other and back as shown the and then the grease with the grease. of cleaning and other items to apply grease, of Used the to the grease. the with the location that to sunlight.
That The The with the of the to the to the The while the displayed. Call/Service Occurs with operating the to the the of the or information selecting the The
Chapter the Operations The as shown below. The following items and and the the reference each Items or with apply to the S70675 and S50675; items with apply to the S50675; items with apply to the S30675; items with apply only to the S70675. the
Item The On, to to to to RIP to RIP Head thickness. to to Head) Printable Tension Periodically, Every Tension to to to half-size characters Head Heating Drying Heater Pre-heater/platen heater: C to C F to F) Drying to Heater Additional On, Advanced heater: C to C F to F) the
Item The Tension Suction to Head Width, Tension Periodically, Every to Margin(Right) to to inch) to to inch) to to inch) On, On, On, Head Warning Warning On, Warning to to Stop to Cleaning Light to hours Cleaning to Heat to Head Heads Head Head the
Item The The The The (The options with the option selected At Right and the of the used.) At At Cleaning (Light), Head 1/Head Head Head Selected (Light), Head Head Counter Circulation MS/WH) WH) MS/WH WH Refresh XX/XX Head XX/XX Head1 Head2 Head WH/MS WH/WH Pre-Storage (Unfixed), Color, (XXXXXX Prints myEpsonPrinter Not Started, Disabled, XXXXXXX,X_XX,XXXX (The displayed the or (The displayed the or XX (The displayed the currently specified (The the currently specified Last_Uploaded:, (Not Uploaded), MM/DD/YY HH:MM GMT the
Item Network The Network Preference The Preference The IP IP: On, MM/DD/YY HH:MM English, Spanish, Chinese Unit: Unit: C, Sound On, On, SM: DG: the
of the Items or with apply to the S70675 and S50675; items with apply to the S50675; items with apply to the S30670; items with apply to the S70670. The The directly pressing the Item Explanation Choose On to and record, or to and record, the On amount of and Length options when On selected. The shows the amount of based the selected and the amount of to to and to You to to the amount of reaches this length. Choose from and and You to the amount of the with another type of You then this as the the the used. Select Explanation RIP Choose the to If RIP selected, the selected the software RIP used. and to the the To or the
Item Explanation To the currently selected The items whether RIP or to selected. RIP to RIP Item Explanation Choose the (the the head and the this the the the specified the software RIP. Head thickness. Select Head to head when or of head) Choose Printable or to the Printable Printable Choose or Every to the Tension and to Tension to Increase creases appear The higher the the the If selected, RIP to the or the RIP or to the items that or each the following section. to to Every The of recommended Choose scratched or smudged.Select when selected. Choosing than the reduced quality, or life. the thickness of the and and Head recommended Selecting Every the the the than when selected. The however to or other that which should however, that and the of the become stained. the following the of and the
to Item Explanation Assign the to half-size characters distinctive to the (the the head and the The reads the while and continuously and Head this option to with or when Head Heating Drying Head) The of recommended Choose scratched or Select when selected. Choosing than the reduced or life. this and Head individually. the
Item Explanation Heater Pre-heater/platen heater: C to C F to F) Drying to Select the the head to allow each Choose from and seconds. The the to with and the used. If the the the To to the heater choose or Heater otherwise, choose Additional On This item when the with the S50675 and optional with other Advanced the without heater: C to C F to F) The the and heaters each Increasing the increases the to If selected, the rewound the Select this option the the If selected, the rewound the this option consecutively. Select On to or to the optional that when On selected, the off with the heaters when the Heat The back when the heaters operation. The or when such as head or the the
Item Explanation Tension to Increase creases appear the The higher the the the waved the increase the Suction Suction to The higher the the the suction. Head Choose the which the head Choose or Every to the and to recommended Choose the of each printed. high-density backlight increase the to If this option to the the of Printable This option based the selected when the Printable If selected, to the Every If or out-of-focus characteristics obtained thin or or the normally, reduce the Suction restricts head to the Restricting the of head increases If selected, the head the of the the Select this option with Selecting Every the of the Tension the the than when selected. The however to or other that which should however, that and the of the become stained. the following the of Select that to together and thin that easily creased or torn. Select however, that the the of the
Explanation the of to The Item Explanation Margin(Right) to to Choose the of the right when the inch) Margin with the of used. S70675/S50675 or S30675 to to Choose the of the when the inch) Margin with the of used. S70675/S50675 or Printable S30675 to this to from the of the to inch) or to the from the Margin(Right) The the right of the and If selected Margin(Right) to the selected Margin(Right) Margin with the of used. Printable S70675/S50675 or Printable S30675 On Choose whether the On or the of the the displays when the correctly loaded. however, that the the of the when selected. the of the the of the to with this to On On Choose whether the On or the of the the displays when the correctly loaded. to with this to On On detected, the and On or On recommended as the to Head Warning the
Item Explanation Choose whether the On or Warning the Warning to The higher the the the to Choose to reduce the of Choose the with which the or once to while selected. If to selected, the clogs the specified with as printed. Choose the when Choose the with which the or once to while selected. To the top of to option and inspect the to whether there or the or following Cleaning On to Stop to If On selected, the when the to head On recommended other and to the The to the the following instances when On selected: selected Check. The to and the sheets, and or high-gloss this to On If the the head frequently, the that of of Check or Checking If selected, the Clog Detected head cleaning inspecting the Head If Stop selected, the Clog Detected and Inspect the and choose whether to or to the of the the
Item Explanation Light to hours Choose the with which the head cleaning each or to hours. Cleaning while selected. If and hours selected, head cleaning the specified of hours. If or the when the specified head cleaning Heavy Cleaning Choose the with which the head cleaning: or once every to Cleaning while selected. Select to to head cleaning the specified of printed. Heat to You off the heaters when and This option to choose the the heaters off automatically. Head Heads Heads Select to items the to their to Head Head The following the the specified the selected this The when the Heat the off and the internal and other If (included with the S50675, optional with other it off automatically. To the the The however off operations another seconds these The and heaters reactivated when received, the used, or another operation there head and the cleared repeated head cleaning, the head. This and head cleaning and other the the and then the head. the
The The directly the Item Explanation printed. Inspect the and head cleaning or At Right At At Cleaning (Light)/ Head 1/Head Head Head Selected Head Head the head such as cleaning the wiper, and the around head only this option to the head cleaning. the head manually malfunction. Counter If the bottle prompted the the Counter Circulation to the head or This function when operation the function of the Refresh MS/WH) WH) MS/WH WH XX/XX Head1 Head XX/XX Head XX/XX Head1 Head2 WH/MS Pre-Storage (XX WH Checking The options with the option selected and the of the used. The options with the the of that or and or selected Select to (or the selected head). Choose Selected to the selected The of cleaning selected from (Light) and Select (Light) first. If the (Light) choose If the choose Head This function when of The displayed or the specified Refresh this function clogs cleared head cleaning or cleaning around the head. The displayed or the specified Head Washing the (and switched off). If the only. (Pre-Storage the
Item Explanation (Unfixed), The the item the Color, currently specified The Item Explanation The These items to Item Explanation Sheet Press the OK to the XXXXXX Prints Select Prints to the of (to (XXXXXX of than specified of to Cleaning to reduce and (S70675 only) the of each the This EPSON DOES NOT WARRANT ACCURACY. such factors as software used, printed, types, of and performance and and account the of the the the or and the the
The These items and Item Explanation showing and the of this option to of information about the and the of myEpsonPrinter Not Started, Disabled, You myEpsonPrinter or If the displayed. This function and countries. Last_Uploaded:, (Not Uploaded), MM/DD/YY HH:MM GMT XXXXXXX,X_XX,XXXX the The Network Item Explanation IP Choose whether IP obtained or manually using DHCP. If selected, IP and information. IP: XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX On Choose whether On or the interface. Sheet to the this information of Select to items the Network to their SM: XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX DG: XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX the
The Preference Item Explanation MM/DD/YY HH:MM the built-in clock. The the clock when and sheets. Select the the Unit: Choose the of the and when Unit: C Choose the the Sound On On or the that sounds when On On or the that lights when The Explanation Select to the Preference Unit: and Unit: English French Spanish Dutch Chinese F the
Displayed If of the following displayed, and follow the instructions below. What to bottle. The bottle Ready bottle. and Products Cartridge or Cartridge detected. or Cartridge and the cleaning If the cleaning cleaning the cleaning that caused the and The Ready and Products Warming One or heaters to the specified To Force to without the heater to the Press and that the software RIP with the Command RIP. (MS) containing MS Unit Matching of Unit and Unit. Then and the If the the that caused the and Cartridges and the If the appears the or and Cartridges the least four hours the the least four hours the cleaning the S50675, to to White this displayed. Press the and to Then, to or RIP to This displayed when while the to Color. to or to the to Color. The feeding with the the heavy feeding with the heavy If mismatched the feeding and the off and the the and the
What to Detected. Stop and head cleaning inspecting the Cleaning recommended. Head F/W the head nearing of The head nearing the of its service life. or service life. Support. Unit correctly attached to the The currently the the and the Loaded or to Turn the off, and then the LFP Remote to the firmware If this appears the or Support. Press the and to the switch the to then back and the to the the Unit The the inches)*. the least inches) If this though the the the selected *The inches). The Press the to clear the from the The of and of the the following or or or tracing used. to the The that to sunlight or interference from other light these the or If the to interference from light the from these and the function succeed. the function the the If this displayed when other than those when or the of to head cleaning, and them If this other than those that the the
What to incorrectly. Release and incorrectly. Reposition Release and then the then match to Press and Head This when cleaning than If to the without cleaning, or head the Call/Service What to Soon/Replace XXXXXXXX Service XXXX XXXX off and then If this the and service. One of the following occurred. Reposition the as of the the bounds of the of the the bounds of the The the of the the type. (A high the other.) On selected the and that the the bounds of the S70675/S50675 and Printable S30675 You using the the high the specified match the type? the to the the and follow the on-screen instructions of the to correctly specify the the nearing the of its service life. or and them the You clear the the replaced. service to the service when: The connected securely that cleared service occurred, the Turn off the the from the outlet and from the AC the and then Turn the If the service displayed the LCD them the service "XXXX".
Troubleshooting You the Not Work) The o the the or the the securely the o there with the outlet the another The with the o the properly? the interface securely the of the and the Also, the If connecting with the o the interface match the specifications the the interface match the specifications the and the Specifications o USB correctly? the USB specification, of to USB that the to the first connected directly to the the the operation of the become If this should the USB directly computer's USB o the USB correctly? the USB correctly the If has, the USB from the and the directly to the the USB about USB operation. You the o the correct? the o the directly to the USB and then to If USB, there the network or to the If USB, the section this
The o Confirm occurred the the lights and the and Displayed The Sounds It Nothing Prints The head nothing o Confirm the operation. without connecting the to and hence to function and Checking to the following section information what to the correctly. o the displayed the The the internal while without turning off the o displayed the of the The to the head or If displayed the of the the to while required. correctly o head cleaning. The clogged. head cleaning. Head o the If the the and clogged. to when the Notes Not the
Prints Not What You Expected too light, or too graininess, or o the head clogged? If the fire and the Checking o Head that there the head and the the the of affected humidity, forces the head, the of the head as from right to or to right, or the of heads S30675). the or out-of-focus characteristics. Select Head the to head that Head o the amount or Select the to based the o This with If or the of the the correctly detected. to the o using The when used. the with the the the the or within months of whichever o the heaters the the the or or the however, that the too high the to or the heaters to reach the the The heaters the reaching the selected the too cold. Allow the to to o correct? Confirm that the the software RIP or the match the actually o selected Head Selecting Head the increases slightly reduce Head The
o the with the the Since and differently, match perfectly. o cover covers the head to abruptly, the covers while o the The when the the with If there the head cleaning o from to the of) the white or the thoroughly and Circulation and Refresh If the Refresh The properly the o the correctly and the correct? If the correctly, the off or of the printed. You should whether the options selected Margin and the Loading S70675/S50675 Loading S30675 and The o the If selected the when the and appear the to On the The o the enough the Although normally the than the the of the selected the Choose On Check the The o the of waves and while the If developed, the the to the and the affected that the and to waves o the head If the head accordingly. this Head the to head that Head
The or o the too thick or too thin? specifications to that with the If using software RIP, the information the and that used. o the of waves and while the If developed, the the to the and the affected that the and to waves o the creased or that creased or from the and the head, or o the wiper, or head stained? or around the wiper, or head caused build-up of Clean the affected o the head the printed If the of the scuffed, the to to the currently If increase the of Tension this or Tension stained. o the stained? Clean the Cleaning the
clogs cleared o cleaning regularly? If or to the around the head, or flushing clogs the or adhered, clogs cleared repeated head cleaning. Also, as shown of adhered, causing Clean the affected o If the Head Cleaning or cleaning the wipers or cleaners or that them when the following detected. The rough off using the clean-room the cracked. cleaner: of to the rear of the section. the and Cleaner Flushing to the and or the Flushing
o appropriately? If the following when amounts of and to the and the directly the should rewound and its with the clothing. its the the or the following the If the following this to that such clogged. Checking correctly. the of the holding If holding correctly, feeding Loading and and the holding
If the holding correctly the with the to the of the the Refresh. Refresh If Refresh the with the the used. If the with the If the with the bidirectional head from the RIP. If this the the Heater or Drying and that and bidirectional Heating Heater as below. the and heaters to higher than the temporarily. bidirectional and the If the the and heaters slightly lower. and If the Heater the Drying the following the to bidirectional and the
If the the further. and If the the with the the microweave (M/W) The microweave (M/W) to the microweave (M/W) and researched the to the used, and then Microweave (M/W) and Association to head The and head contacting the following sections of with or waviness. If or the and waviness If this the head and the of the and sections with or waviness using Furthermore, as the accompanying the and the If the when sections without or waviness, with the the the correctly and the appropriately.
If the heating suction and other and waviness the the and correct. Loading and and Precautions If the the with the the Heater The heater too high. Heater as below. the of each heater to the following temporarily: Pre-heater: heater: heater: Heating and waviness If the waviness of the the heater too high. While the pre-heater, heater, and heater the reached. If the the first the Heater to the and then with the the Tension. of Tension the used. using or white or the to temporarily. and the If the the and the to of If S70675 or S50675 and the Tension the the following. to
the Tension to temporarily. and the If the the and the to of If the the the Tension to and with the On the S30675, Tension the the Tension to and with the the below and the S70675 or S50675 the to temporarily. and the If the the and the to of If Tension the the Tension to and with the S30675 the to and the If Tension the the Tension to and with the Check that the correctly the If the attaching the to the or the attaching the counterweights around which and
the following actions correctly: of the and of counterweights. the Unit If the the with the Suction. the suction Suction the following the to temporarily. and creasing If the creasing of suction too While lowering the Suction the reached. creased o the Tension and options the the If these options correctly the the creased or torn o the heaters too high? heater to the o selecting Tension the to of the or other that with o the curled, curved, creased or waved? and the curled, curved, creased, or waved o The crease the or the become or curled.
o the too thick or too thin? the to whether the Supported If software RIP, the information the and that used. o Suction too high? Suction. when the o the item the the of the to If Advanced Tension or the to the of the detected. or The Removing Follow the below to to or when or closing the front cover. to this injury. the front cover. Turn off the If and the turn off, both the holding plates of the Cease of the the holding plates the or head.
the holding plates to the right and of the both the holding plates to them. If the head the from the the head the holding plates of the with plates the head. the
the to the and to torn or creased Manually the that the Turn the If the off the head and and properly when Turning the the head. the and Loading S70675/S50675 or Loading S30675 Other Cleaning to cleaning o The head cleaning the function to the head from to Cleaning to when the specified
Heaters off or the optional o The and heaters off and The the heaters off selected using the Heat option the The The heaters reactivated when received, the used, or another operation The high-speed included with the S50675. The turning off. o the The when the Heat and the heaters off. The the heaters off selected the The The heaters reactivated and when received, the used, or another The light the o This The light and normally the White the of the o the following sections and the Cleaning the of the Unit
Chapter and Products The following options and products with (as of November the information, the Cartridges Product Explanation S70675 Black T715100 recommends the of the or of The of that covered and Information about displayed, and of recorded service S50675 Black T689100 S30675 Black T689100 T715200 T715300 T715400 Light T715500 Light T715600 Light Black T715700 T715900 White T715A00 T715B00 T689200 T689300 T689400 White T715A00 T689200 T689300 T689400
Other Items Product Explanation Cleaning T699000 to the to (Unfixed) or head or T724100 the cleaning wiper, cleaner, flushing and cleaning Cleaning Cleaner T699300 that otherwise Cleaning T724000 to the bottle with the Cleaning S090012 to the items with the Cleaning S090013 Clean S090016 Plate C12C890891 to the holding with the 1-plate holding both the right and together. SEE REPLACING MEDIA HOLDING Additional Drying C12890751 to the and (included with the S50675). HEATING DRYING. C12C890761 feeding and heavy to or Not purchase countries and If the from BEMCOT M-311 from Corporation recommended. Not purchase countries and Supported The following with the greatly affected the type and of used. Choose to the hand. information to the with the or the that and the purchasing that scuffed, torn, or dirty.
or inches to inches) to to inches) thickness to inch) to or inches to inches) to to inches) thickness to inch) to and the This section to and the the This section that the to another location the without or lifts. below information moving the or to another Transportation the than or back while to this the causing the to this the head to
Ready Confirm that the off. the bottle. the bottle the cords and other from the feeding and Unlock the Release the the and right and the the the the to the They the follow the below to ready that the location the the and turn the the to Checking
the and Transportation the Support. Recommended To to the shown below. the item the the item the S30675. S70675, S50675 Heater Pre-heater heater heater Advanced Suction Tension High Positioning the and (S70675, S50675) the Unit S30675 Heater Pre-heater heater or white or white
heater Advanced Suction Tension the Unit the factory Microweave (M/W) and Association The below the ONYX Graphics software RIP. the to the shown below. S70675 (Including or white of M/W
S50675 (Including If cleared using the the HQ1 RIP and to If the cleared completely with HQ1 then HQ2 RIP might than with HQ1 The of HQ1/HQ2 becomes than other that the of Following of the RIP of the software RIP. (HQ1) (HQ2) (HQ1) (HQ2) (HQ1) (HQ2) of M/W of M/W
software RIP the above-mentioned S30675 (Including the software RIP. of M/W
Specifications Specifications S70675: Light Light Light White) ESC/P Friction feed memory MB Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. Rated AC to 120V Rated to Rated 10A (AC to 120V) Rated 1A (AC to 120V) S70675 and S50675: (White, Yellow) S30675: (Black, Yellow) MB Network 100BASE-TX/1000Base-T AC to 240V 5A (AC to 240V) 0.5A (AC to 240V) Ready off: or S50675 and Ready off: or S30675 and Ready off: or
Specifications to C/59 to F to C/68 to F recommended) Humidity to to recommended) (without (W) (D) (H) or (W) (D) (H) inches S70675: shielded twisted or included with the S50675. included Specifications S70675: White, Light Light Light the the months (from containing Uninstalled: to C to F) (within month 40C or F) Cartridge (W) (D) (H) or (W) (D) (H) inches Capacity White: the to 40C to o F) (within month 40C or o F) to (without (W) (D) (H) or (W) (D) (H) inches S50675: S30675: S50675: White S30675: Installed: to 40C to F) four 40C or F)) to 60C to F) (within month 40C or F, within hours 60C or F) Other
and UL CSA C22.2 Directive 2006/95/EC EN EMC FCC Class CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR Class EMC Directive 2004/108/EC EN Class Warning: This this interference which the to FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his This with of the FCC to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EN EN EN
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
Where To Contacting technical and information the installation, and New products operation of professional products through the Warranty AM to PM, through and hours of to without and of purchase. U.S. (www.epson.com/support) or (www.epson.ca/support) and to You firmware, and and troubleshooting or with using other software the that software technical information. Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or New to sections The other products SPC, and SIDM. Where To
Software Terms Source Software This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its the of the to the Apple Source or its years the of of this If to the of the please the "Contacting Customer or of this and the of You redistribute and/or the terms of the Apple Source or its These WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Apple Source as follows. You the Apple Source APPLE PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE Definitions. This to or other which Apple Computer, Inc. publicly and which Apple such or as and that to the of this Apple Source this "Applicable Rights" the where Apple the of rights, of that or or assigned to Apple and that cover contained the only to the to and/or the without and the where You the of rights, of that or acquired, or assigned to You and that Modifications, or with "Contributor" or that or to the creation of Modifications. Software Terms
the Modifications, the of and Modifications, and/or respective thereof. "Externally to or otherwise directly or indirectly, to other than and/or to or as of Work, to service, including to of through with other than Work" which or thereof with the of this "Modifications" to, from, and/or to, the and/or of the previous Modifications, the of and previous Modifications, and/or respective thereof. released as of to or from the of containing and/or or other of that of the Source of or other as originally Apple this including the Source of or to such or Apple this and that Apple as such the header of such and the from such Source and originally Apple this "Source the of or other that to including associated interface to and of or or rights this or includes which by, or with, where the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. Permitted Conditions Restrictions. to the terms and of this Apple effective the You this and the royalty-free, to the of Applicable Rights and copyrights covering the to the following: You internally within organization, and Externally of the or that each instance: Software Terms
You and of the copyright and other and of Apple as they appear the and the that to this and You include of this with every of Source of and You or Externally and You offer or such Source that or this or the rights as Section You and internally within and Externally and or that each instance You of these You the of Section with to the Source of the You to the already the each of the Source of Modifications, and the to stating that You the and the of and If You Externally Modifications, You Source of Externally Deployed to those to whom You Externally Deployed Modifications, or publicly Source of Externally Deployed released the terms forth this including the forth Section below, as as Externally the or months from the of whichever You should preferably the Source of Externally Deployed from Distribution of You Externally and/or Modifications) only, You include the as as related that Source of the the terms of this with information and where to such Source Third Party Rights. You acknowledge and that although Apple and each the to their respective of the forth Apple or that the the or other property rights of other entity. Apple and each to You brought other based of property rights or otherwise. to the rights and You responsibility to other property rights third to allow You to the responsibility to that the Software Terms
of, and as the to You this You to or or this royalty-free, Applicable Rights and other property rights (other than or to and Externally of the and as Apple's Sections and Works. You Work combining with other the terms of this and the Work as each such instance, You the of this the or thereof. as stated Section other rights, or implied, Apple and/or Works from Apple which Apple its Additional You choose to offer, and to charge warranty, or obligations and/or other rights with the of the ("Additional to or of You and as responsibility, and of Apple or Contributor. You the that such Additional Terms offered You and You to and Apple and every incurred or asserted Apple or such reason of such Additional of the Apple revised and/or of this from to Each distinguishing Once published of this You to the terms of that You choose to such the of of this published other than Apple the right to the terms to created this Software Terms
NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The whole or untested, or tested The that or of and or You acknowledge and that of the or thereof, and THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS AND AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE, AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE WARRANTY. You acknowledge that the the of or which the of the to death, or physical or LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPLE OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Apple's to You (other than as this the amount of This rights to the or "Apple Computer", OS", "QuickTime", "QuickTime Streaming or other service or to Apple (collectively "Apple or to service or to Contributor. You to Apple or as of the of products from the or to or products from the other than as and with third which Software Terms
Ownership. to the this each rights, title and and to such Contributor. Apple rights, title and and to the and or of Apple ("Apple Modifications"), and such Apple to this Apple its choose to such Apple this or terms from those contained this or choose to them Termination. Termination. This and the rights without from Apple You to comply with term(s) of this and to such breach within of becoming of such breach; immediately the of the Section or without from Apple the of this action that Apple first action You that instance. Effect of Termination. termination, You to immediately further reproduction, sublicensing and of the to the which properly to termination termination of this Provisions which, their should the termination of this including to Sections and to other or of as of terminating this with its and termination of this without to other right or of party. Government Users. The as FAR Government software and technical rights the include only those rights to the as this This customary technical and software with FAR (Technical and Software) and, of purchases, DFAR (Technical Items) and (Rights Software or Software Accordingly, U.S. Government with only those rights forth Relationship of This as creating agency, partnership, or other of or Apple or Contributor, and You to the contrary, whether expressly, appearance or otherwise. Software Terms
Nothing this right to others and/or or products that the or or otherwise with, Modifications, Works, or products that You or Waiver; Construction. Apple or to of this waiver of of that or other or which that the of the apply to this Severability. If reason of of this or thereof, to that of the to the as to the and of the and the of this force and Notwithstanding the or restricts You from and/or specifically complying with Sections and/or or the enforceability of of those Sections, this terminate and You immediately of the and of that or or other You and Apple relating to this the Northern District of California, and You and Apple to the of, and the and within that District with to this The of the United Nations Convention Contracts the International of excluded. This the the with to the hereof. This the of the United States and the State of California, that of California concerning conflicts of Where You located the of the following The that they that this and related English. tous EXHIBIT A. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. Rights This and/or of as and that to the Apple Source (the You this with the Please of the and this Software Terms
The and software distributed the distributed 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please the the rights and the Other Software Info-ZIP copyright and This of the Info-ZIP The of this should ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/license.html and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Jean-Michel Goatley, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or Software Terms
versions--including, to, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must plainly as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, to, of the with the Info-ZIP (or thereof, including, to, UnZip, or without the of Info-ZIP. further prohibited from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the Info-ZIP, UnZip, UnZip, and its and releases. Software Terms