the other of the properly grounded the cover the the back of the the the the front of the the top of the Then the cover. OTHER Unlock the head the to the the and the to the AC the back of the To the head the to the right. AC both of the and feed the the with the OTHER and the the cover. Then the to the the and the and to the the screws and the Warning: The about pounds, and should (attached to the and the as shown, with the the right. the and ready. Press the the or appears. Source Release the Source Unpack the shown below EPSON the off the of the If the 2-inch the the four the the as shown, then the the back the the of the the cover. clean, and touching the of the to the or scratch the coating or the of the cover PM EPSON
the other of the properly grounded the cover the the back of the the the the front of the READY appears the LCD charging the covers. Charging about off the release the or the cover while the or the light flashing, off the using the the LCD off. This that the head capped. Then the top of the Then the cover. OTHER To the head the to the right. Unlock the head the to the the and the to the AC the back of the AC the the each with the arrow the then its each the the The charging the and the light flashes. approximately appear the LCD. follow the instruction to or the both of the and the the with the OTHER and the the cover. Then the to the cover (attached to Warning: The about pounds, and should people. the and the and to the the screws and the both each from its and the the and the as shown, with the the right. the and ready. Press the the or appears. Source Release the Source Unpack the shown below EPSON the that with the to one-third of the each to used. Press the to the Press both covers to them. the off the of the If the 2-inch the the four the the as shown, then the the back the the of the the cover. clean, and touching the of the to the or scratch the coating or the of the EPSON PM
the top of the Then the cover. OTHER both of the and the the with the OTHER and the the cover. Then the to the the and the as shown, with the the right. the and ready. Press the the or appears. Source Release the Source the off the of the If the 2-inch the the four the the as shown, then the the back the the of the the cover. clean, and touching the of the to the or scratch the coating or the of the cover
the then the and its length. Press the Source the the the and to the sheets, the and to the of the Dont the arrow the through of then to the the the with the whiter or the the back, the right of the with the You to them through the front or top the the and ready to the and cover, then the cover. the the the to the PM ready to sheet release the and the Then the to the and the cover.
the Applications then the and the or Click the the top of the Double-click and necessary. Follow the on-screen instructions to software. informing that installation to If using OS X, with If OS the Chooser from the Apple Select then and background the Software Follow the below or Turn and the software CD-ROM. If necessary, the EPSON CD-ROM to its Double-click the EPSON OS Double-click Reference and while the If OS the EPSON OS If the optional Ethernet the directly to RJ-45 that both the and the off. the interface the the the other of the the or USB IEEE IEEE USB PM to You of the following the and shielded or
Double-click the SP4000 Reference If the the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Then Reference EPSON Technical EPSON and EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON Preferred service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Printed America, Inc. Printed USA CPD-17011R1 World EPSON Unit ID If SM with this service, where to Workshop the Mastering CD-ROM and the to watch. from Photoshop, and basic operations. to this instructions using and as as and specifications. Reference this instructions and other and the head, and what to when Reference that OK Double-click Reference and while the If the or EPSON HDI the and follow the instructions the Click to the then the CD-ROM. Select then turned off. Turn the software CD-ROM The automatically. If or Then CD-ROM Double-click and to the PM the and the or EPSON USB EPSON EPSON TCP/IP The appears the Click then the pull-down