Notices CPD-17763 XXX
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when and and of Corporation. DURABrite and RPM of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Inc. Copyright Notice of Copyrighted
and its software as the Loading the and its the right of the the Press the locking and the the too tightly). Follow these when Dont the arrow the the Its often brighter or whiter than the other the first, when or the top first. the and instructions.
Whenever to: the right the and and Choose the right each type of Thats why They what of and what type of every and the to From the You this EPSON C66 selected. Click the or Preferences (If or Then or Preferences the Select Click to software
Select the following the Select Select or Select from these Quality Option rough with reduced Text: text-only with higher text Text with text and with higher and graphics with and Photo: or graphics with high information about the or The Quality Option this the of and the highest RPM selected the Advanced Then on-screen instructions selecting RPM. Select the the loaded. Select and Click OK At the OK or to Select the Quality Option the
this appears and shows the of You the buttons to or You You the You with the the to the of the Although snapshots, from the photo the and its or the right of the the first, when Press the locking and the the too tightly). photo and Click to Click to or
From the You this Click the or Preferences button. (If or button, Then or Preferences the the following the type selected Select or as the Quality Option Select or Click to software
Select of the following types: DURABrite Click the the and OK to automatically. Select or to match the of photo. Click OK At the OK or to Selecting the Correct the type of Thats why the It what of and the coverage accordingly. The below the should choose this this or Bright White Quality Quality Cards Double-Sided Scrapbook DURABrite Paper/Bright White Heavyweight
Checking the Lights below to what the of Then and Checking the Lights If the lights or flash, there with the below to the Lights Explanation The light flashes charging or cleaning the head. light then the to light the Press the to flashes the If that off the the cover, and the from the front, including torn Then the and the light One of the the that flashes appears to which light One of the of or then follow the on-screen to light and light If incompatible with the or incorrectly or with the as on-screen correctly. as on-screen
Lights Explanation light and light light off and light and light flashing and You (light The head cleaning; Select higher Quality Option the matches the loaded; the of the Its usually or whiter than the other The replacing; on-screen instructions the Head utility; on-screen instructions. of the head. Turn off the then the cover and or other Turn the back If the lights or as The internal Turn off the seconds, and If the lights flashing, or as
or smeared. the of the Its usually or whiter than the other If and heavily or that or appear the front of the when the If of the or that first to or If smears the back of the of the as isnt or curled. If or curled, of the instructions the You to included or to and absorption of the on-screen the Head on-screen instructions. each sheet from the when or The head cleaning; instructions. The replacing; on-screen instructions the matches the loaded; the of the Its or whiter than the other and
or If the the Press the to the then the If when the or too thin. correctly or the If feed, from the the right then the the too tightly). If once, the from the the to the sheets, then seconds to clear the If the If that the cover and the from the front, including that torn off. the and the Heavily causing when both of the If incorrectly or frequently: smooth, high-quality the of the of to the sheets. Dont the arrow the the the right the the too tightly. to curling. Too that the option software or The selected The head cleaning; instructions.
The incorrect. the matches the loaded. the the to the right of the the the software instructions choosing the The within the of the or incorrect. the matches the loaded. match the width/height of the and to You incorrect characters. the USB securely connected and the Then try selected software. If switch or USB with the directly to Then You the the right of restarting If the follow these Click to or and then Right-click and Preferences Click the Click the and then the Preferences Click the Shortcut Then OK repeatedly to the and
Cleaning the Head Follow the instructions below to the head: the turned and the light off. Right-click the the right of Select Head Cleaning If the instructions appear. Follow the instructions the to the head. Cleaning about seconds. The and the light flashes. light flashing, the off the while the hasnt or than the light flashing, the Click then The If the If the Clean to the head You the off and overnightthis allows to then cleaning the head
Notices To and its software, should Microsoft PC with or recommended Microsoft or XP At least 64MB RAM (128MB recommended) 100MB free (200MB or recommended) VGA or and Windows-compliant USB shielded USB AB to
Instructions these instructions to and effectively: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. the where the easily fiche the become or If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the and from of interference, such as or locations that to heat or humidity, or or enough around the least inches the back of the and the the or heating or sunlight. the that the The properly or or the its or it This allow to from the Turn off and the cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the the off the Dont switch off the or the the light off. or cover the the or through the as specifically this to service the yourself. Notices
the and servicing to service the following If the or the the or the the normally or performance. only those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or the head hand. You the the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the the within months of first them. with the of the facing from allow to least three hours using from its this or tear the this the or to them. This the head. the IC the front of the This operation and If the from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the the head the right and the the with the included to the Instructions
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING: The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/ or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS: Airport CA Telephone: that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: B241B NERGY TAR NERGY TAR that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused Declaration of Conformity
Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the first purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warrants that the with the to the which the of the warranty the EPSON warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please EPSON information and warranty service necessary. service service, and whether the service. If that service required, its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations You securely the or and them to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired, to to or its authorized service where the and back to You the and to and from the authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and of the covered the of the covered products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and This warranty and apply to products purchased from This warranty cover or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating Notices
or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENT OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights and other rights which from to Inc. P.O. CA America, Inc. Warranty
Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX