COLOR INK JET PRINTER rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON service of Inc. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. COLOR Printed
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of Apple Warranty Apple Computer, Inc. warranties, or implied, including without the warranties of merchantability and the Apple software. Apple warrant, or the or the of the of the Apple software of its correctness, reliability, or otherwise. The as to the and performance of the Apple software The of states. The apply to its directors, officers, or to or indirect (including of business profits, business of business information, and the of the or to the Apple software Apple of the of such allow the or of or the apply to to from whatsoever, and of the of the action (whether tort (including or otherwise), to
interface cover interface rear interface thickness (AC cover input
The allow to With them specify the of and the You high-quality turning MicroWeave or turning High that this reason, to The to to the following: or specify (such as through the of the from to or Turn MicroWeave and off High the highest MicroWeave when coated or The coated or the type. other than inches). the to other to the or Additional this chapter. the to the and other through the You the to the following:
Turn the and off Turn Clean the and heads the temporarily. information about the the this chapter.
Introduction About this The EPSON COLOR high-quality, high-resolution that to of to near-photographic It and text and art. The and easy to and You and to Apple as Chapter Both and interface You both interfaces to the to and PC. The switches interfaces as received. optional EPSON which LocalTalk interface board, connecting the to computers. If the LocalTalk board, three interfacesserial, and LocalTalk information about the interface. This the information COLOR with If PC, the PC which with the information about effectively, choosing and other that the the Although this written the Microsoft helpful using that Introduction
the of the type of and the graphics such as quickly. graphics such as or when the highest quality. this reason, the allow to exactly specify the of and the The offers three and its the highest this when near-photographic coated This the and than quality, This and than the other One of the to with COLOR selecting the right With that too the slightly, causing characters and the of to with that enough, the too to and smear easily. Introduction
MicroWeave Although satisfactory with coated they reduce the amount of that You coated EPSON coated that specifically the this These of the EPSON which the and software together to the this reason, the when EPSON information about choosing If from other should sheets Also, the and thickness purchasing that rough or that too thick or thin. The MicroWeave to MicroWeave the selectively to the that the MicroWeave the off fast Introduction
High-Speed High-Speed the bidirectional from right to and the from to right. If High-Speed the when High-Speed the as this reason, off High-Speed when to increase what to To the highest-quality and MicroWeave and High-Speed off. to EPSON coated If other type, the and reduce the or than turn High-Speed and off MicroWeave. Introduction
Where to U.S. and America and service through nationwide network of authorized EPSON and Service EPSON the services below through EPSON SM U.S. users GO-EPSON. Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service Technical with the installation, and of EPSON EPSON technical information service Product with technical and products Customer Relations. You purchase and EPSON (U.S. only). GO-EPSON locations. technical ready to and its and to the If with software the that with that technical information. Introduction
Chapter the Unpacking the Attaching the input and and turning the the Loading Testing the Connecting the to the Choosing the COLOR the the
To the COLOR with the built-in interface, the following: or or or 4MB RAM or 5MB RAM Plenty of to and The amount the and of Apple System/Peripheral-8 or To the to the optional EPSON which LocalTalk interface board. To the EPSON EPSON or You Connector The following procedures to the the interface. If the optional LocalTalk interface, first to the LocalTalk interface board as A. choosing location the that and approximately inches of clear to the the right The the the
Unpacking the to and humidity. the from and heat to this should include EPSON the PC users, Notice and these items: You protective with and turn the Follow the the Notice Sheet with the to these and protective to the the It should its or the input the
Attaching the input and the right of the input the mounting as shown below. Then the notch the mounting the the notches them. the Each with or of its the the notches, first the the first notch the and slightly twisting the to the other fashion, the
and turning the the protective from the the properly grounded Turn the the The self-contained ordinary from If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with both If the the
the turned and then the cover. Press the the about seconds the head slightly to the which the the
each of the to them. the and the from their protective the from each You the from the Leaving the permanently them. the
the their with the and the arrow the top of the the of the The which the the the right. the the back of the they the Once the the or the to them with ones. Once
Press the to the head to its the the head back to its about seconds the the cover. the the charges the This about this the light flashes. the finished the light without flashing. off the while the light flashing. to quality, the cleaning operation. You the cleaning when the while without or when the it off while. the the charging the the should that the thickness which the the and the correctly. the cover and the While holding the the Font The to the the front of the rotating this to the If rotated further, the the
Press the Then the cover. Loading The following to You to of information coated or Chapter the the the clicks Then the as to the as it of then to the the
While the with the right with the the input (The with arrow Then the as shown.) the to match the of as shown below. Then the the
Testing the that least inches sprayed directly the and smear Turn off the While holding the the To the the and off the the the the the input off the the If the of the the heads as Chapter It might as as three cleaning to the Connecting the to If using the built-in interface, to Apple System/Peripheral-8 or Then follow the below to the to Macintosh. the The the first and of the first of to the length. Then character and the of
the If the optional LocalTalk interface board, to LocalTalk Connector (DIN-8 both to the LocalTalk interface the and to the the Then the LocalTalk the boxes. instructions, the owners that with the LocalTalk Connector To the to the interface: both and turned off. of the interface to the which located the back of the immediately the the other of the interface the or the Macintosh. The indicated with the following icons: Normally recommended that the This frees connecting to Turn the the the EPSON COLOR when with the COLOR. This specifically the and allows to easily its features. the
installation, of the EPSON Then the following: Turn and the EPSON Double-click the the OK to and the following Choose what software to as below: the Turn off protection software. You this holding the while installation, the protection The and Network the software the or LocalTalk interface. Normally should choose the the interface, or the Network LocalTalk. This the software to the
If and to what to choose or of the following: COLOR This allows to the optional interface to the to COLOR This allows to the interface to the directly to the BI-D This the EPSON This and that to the information, the EPSON to Chapter EPSON This assigns to the You the COLOR or the COLOR The three optional. If these them from the when Click to the software to choose to the If the to to the the EPSON information. the
Choosing the COLOR the the Chooser to You to choose the the first or whenever to another the selected. the Chooser the Apple If the interface and the the inactive clicking the Inactive Click the COLOR or the COLOR the If the to inactive. fact, active connected to If the COLOR prompted to the or the
the If the COLOR of appears the right of the Click the of the to If wish, turn background background the background while other You background to the EPSON to Turning background the and software while the background. the Chooser. the BI-D to text and graphics correctly Double-click the BI-D If the BI-D Utility, located If the EPSON the that choose the interface type. Choose the interface. You then prompted to the or Choose Network using the optional interface. (Select Network using to to You then prompted to the COLOR to the
Choose the to the heads. Choose to High-Speed Once the completed, the The that displays of Each associated with offset the that closely the offset the that appears the offset of the that closely
the the the and halftone effects Selecting the Lights the EPSON to the
The allow to With them the of and the You the and specify high-quality turning MicroWeave or turning off High that this reason, to The to to the following: or through the of the from to or Turn MicroWeave and off High the highest MicroWeave turned when coated or The using coated or the type. other than inches). the to other to the or Additional this chapter. the
the through the You the to the following: Turn the and off Turn Clean the and heads the temporarily. information about the the this chapter. The from boxes: and from the however, to the or the as this section. To the choose from the of software This to the shown below. The might software the
To the the COLOR, choose the of the This the following the and halftone The following and the halftone (CMYK) or to Selects of four halftone Black and White, Dither, and Dither. Normally should the halftone which Diffused. Black and white halftoning and should with Black and white fast, should with the
Light/Dark The photographic This the and should Dither dither that with Dither dither with and to the The that allow to apply or The the the the to the and to the right and lighter The or when the and white halftone selected. The following allow to the to or the amount of to The higher the the and the the highest quality, with EPSON coated this MicroWeave turned and High-Speed turned off. This good-quality, using memory and than however, EPSON coated the
than and when enough, the coated or of the following: selected, Coated selected. other selected. MicroWeave the of the light that MicroWeave recommended MicroWeave the this reason, to MicroWeave turned It High-Speed High-Speed the bidirectional reducing the to Bidirectional fast, highest off High-Speed the Transparency Coated Coated
Selecting If the appear when with High-Speed might to the as Chapter The following allow to the Normally only to these effects. and the the or Text appear backwards or Invert to white and white to when and black-and-white halftone Screen the halftone Normally should off Screen when the to inches) To or choose the of software This the following the
You from the following inches) inches) A4 inches) inches) DL A5 C5 B5 inches) inches) You other choosing the This the following To choose New The to allow to the and the and height inches or The width and inches, and the height and inches. the inches. Once and the choose OK. the
the You to the and appear the of the The front lights the and buttons Normally the to the when to the following: Turn the or off Turn Clean the or heads the temporarily. the
Lights On when the Flashes when the turning or off. On when the or when memory. On when the of flashing Cartridge On when or both The both apply to computers. Font On when the selected. the character. this rough of text only. apply to computers. On when This light flashes when clean the heads or off the when the light flashing. the The light flashes when
the and off. apply to computers. Font software to or sheet of normally and automatically. temporarily. Press to Economy/Condensed Selects apply to computers. Used to the Press to clear the and the to their factory off the the Then the light flashing the off the while the light flashing. You the with other buttons when cleaning the heads or the thickness Cleaning the Heads Chapter and Loading and Chapter information. the
the EPSON to to the the EPSON to what and You the of the currently printed. To the EPSON Utility, background the Chooser. Then when the from the Application To this the the right of (the the EPSON Utility, to the following: To and choose the EPSON appear from the Application If the EPSON to whenever choose Preferences the and the selection. the
Choosing Loading Coated and Loading and
Choosing You with the COLOR and However, EPSON coated or Coated reduces the amount of that the to the highest and overhead EPSON offers the following EPSON coated (S041028 S041025 A4) EPSON coated (S041029 S041026 A4) EPSON Transparency (S041030 S041027 A4). of each type included with the choosing the following EPSON coated other this using coated when coated EPSON Transparency within months of the when
Loading Coated and Loading Chapter the coated the whiter than the other the when the as shown below. the their the the input You to sheets of coated or to the and that the or feed straight the path. Then the to match the of
the and other to they the loaded. Once software correct, choose the to the loaded. finished sheets to the high humidity, and sunlight Loading and follow these that too thin; they to the high humidity, and sunlight choose You the the to it matches the loaded. To the choose the then choose the button. the that appears, the to Coated Coated or Transparency. Then choose OK You might to the following If that or the correctly. If the from the previously loaded, choose the to or the
and heavy to the thickness to the the turned Then the and the cover. While holding the the Font The to the the ejected when this Turn the thickness clockwise as as Press the Then If the from the input and it as shown.
the or the If them as shown. You to The of of heavy the thickness of the From software choose the and the or Once the and choose the to the or loaded. finished heavy or the thickness to its the and the or feed straight the path.
Chapter and Troubleshooting Cleaning the Heads Cartridge the Troubleshooting with and Troubleshooting
Cleaning the Heads The cleans its heads, normally should to them. the built-in head cleaning to the to properly. You clean or both heads. Each cleaning about The light flashes throughout the and then when the cleaning finished. To the head: the turned and the the and Press the to To clean the head: the turned and the the and Press the to If the the heads three or both as the section. and Troubleshooting
Cartridge If and three to the heads the or both You as Chapter these EPSON or to specifications only: Black S020034 S020036 or EPSON The or EPSON or which specifications. to manually. If products with EPSON the heads and warranty. the the ready to with Attempting to without the the ejected when the the the cover. Press the that the light the about seconds the head slightly to the The light and Troubleshooting
the as as The partly of the the of the and of properly. the or to the containing the and the from its protective the from the and Troubleshooting The to the seconds the If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with You the from the Leaving the when the permanently the
the the the and the arrow the to the of the The the the the back of the Clean the heads (optional). Cleaning the head that properly to each Cleaning recommended and Troubleshooting
Press the The light flashes as the charges the the cover. the charging finishes and the light flashing and the Transporting the If to using the and as follows: the cover and that the head the right If turn the and off. the from the then the interface from the from the input and Troubleshooting If the the while the This cleans the head. If the the while the This cleans the head. the head, to the when the Transporting the without the the
Troubleshooting the protective to the the Notice Sheet that the Repack the the first the the or nothing the heads as the of this chapter. If the the as Chapter This section what It the following subsections: this section the or what with this section this section or other with feeding incorrectly. If the section and follow that apply to If of the the EPSON GO-EPSON. and Troubleshooting
cleaning the heads as earlier this chapter. that as as three cleaning to If cleaning the heads the the following: whether the empty. as Chapter the first the of text including and If the the the or the or MicroWeave and off High higher-quality the matches the type of the If and the right, the from software If the following items. Printed output what or or Clean or both heads as earlier this chapter. or both MicroWeave and High off. and Troubleshooting
or white too high or too the or the what higher Also, that the the selected the type of loaded. If to coated this when that the thickness correctly the type of Loading and Chapter information.) when the thickness thick whether or to or whether To off this the the light off. You might the right of the the the that and as Chapter software to the top and the of software. The match the of the the the within software to match the and Troubleshooting
with If the to first that the Then that the outlet that switch or that the interface securely connected to the and this, the following and the light temporarily suspended. Press the to the light off. One or both or too too than months or the its First clean the heads as earlier this chapter. If this the the The peripheral the and might the specifications the or Turn off the and as Chapter If the the with the If the correctly, the with software. The Cartridge light and the One or both both and Troubleshooting
The and lights the light and nothing and the and lights flash. The sounds nothing as as expected. Something the the right Turn off the and leaving approximately inches of to the the right The the or EPSON. There with the Turn off the seconds, back and If this the or service The heads cleaning. Cleaning the Heads earlier this chapter instructions. One or both or too too than months or the its First the heads as earlier this chapter. If this the the The based the amount of If often with graphics and text with white than with of white and Troubleshooting
This section to clear and to that properly. Clearing and If the clear the as follows: Turn off the the cover. the the right of the while as shown below. the If tears, and Troubleshooting Turn the the otherwise from the off the and smear other sheets.
feeding If caught the of the the cover. Turn the to the heads to the the and If the following: higher-quality that too thin or rough. Also, thicker should Chapter information about the of too the input You to sheets of of coated or of If feeding properly, the the following: or Too the input than or than coated The too thin or thick. specifications. The too tight or too the the of the and Troubleshooting
If feeding the following: The than the of and to the Then the The too thin or thick. specifications. Ejected The too thin or or Single-sheet the to the The too that within the specified specifications. feeding crooked. The or creased. smooth of Too the input sheets. The the and specifications. and Troubleshooting
the LocalTalk Interface to the Optional LocalTalk Interface A-2 the Optional LocalTalk Interface A-2 to the A-4 Turning the Network A-4 the LocalTalk Interface A-1
to the Optional LocalTalk Interface If to the to the to EPSON the COLOR. To purchase or EPSON Accessories You LocalTalk to the to Macintosh. using the LocalTalk Connector the owners that with the LocalTalk information about the Optional LocalTalk Interface To the LocalTalk interface Turn off the the from the Turn the around that its and interface A-2 the Interface Warning: or interface board when the connected to the If or Macintosh.
cross-head screwdriver to the screws the shield plate to the optional interface then the the interface the both of the interface to the the of the interface the the interface the with the screws included with the board. to the the back of the of LocalTalk to this the other of the to that of the information about creating the owners that with the LocalTalk Connector interface to the or than the turned off. Then the cord. the Interface A-3
to the the interface and the as Chapter to the Chooser. To assign to Double-click the EPSON the COLOR If there the which located. New Choose Then choose to the EPSON Turning the Network If when using the to the the buttons the To the interface the off and that the input While holding the the A-4 the Interface If the EPSON the If the EPSON the EPSON
the the to the of the the (Press the Font to the selection.) The instruction that to Press the Font the and lights and the light off. Press the the light and the and lights off. Turn off the the Interface A-5
Specifications B-2 B-3 Cartridges B-6 Mechanical B-7 B-8 B-7 B-8 Technical Specifications B-1
Yellow) MPP MPP The specified the and milliseconds 1/6-inch 64KB B-2 Technical Specifications software and amount of covered.
the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or path: front sheets Capacity sheets of EPSON coated A4 inches) inches) B5 and distributed EPSON and thickness to to inches) to to Capacity inches) inches) C5 thickness than inches) to to and Technical Specifications B-3
and only. reduce and and other If switch to higher of Envelope and to 25C to 77F) Humidity to RH that The following EPSON S041025 coated (A4) S041028 coated S041026 coated (A4) S041029 coated S041027 Transparency (A4) S041030 Transparency S041032 of and B-4 Technical Specifications
The top inches). The inches). The right inches) A4, B5 and inches) and inches) DL inches) C The inches). Specifications B-5 C C
Cartridges Black (S020034): Black capacity* Approximately characters sheets, Cartridge life* years from and to months the 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) 4C (24.8F) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) (S020036): Colors and capacity* each approximately characters sheets/color, Cartridge life* years from and to months the 25C (77F) to 40C to 104F) month 40C (104F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) 6C (21.2F) inches (W) inches (D) inches (H) B-6 Technical Specifications The If often graphics and text with white than with of white The 4C (25F) and 6C (21F) It thaws approximately hours 25C (77F).
Mechanical The or EPSON or to specifications. to manually. If products with EPSON the heads and warranty. the the Friction MTBF: hours head life: and inches) inches) inches) inches) inches) Height inches) including the to Rated to to Rated Technical Specifications B-7
to 35C to 95F) to 60C to 140F) month 40C (104F) hours 60C (140F) Humidity: Operation to RH to RH UL with D3, CSA with D3 R.F.I.: FCC B-8 Technical Specifications Without