NPD4275-01 EN
Copyrights and of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON EPSON STYLUS UltraChrome and SpectroProofer and EPSON EXCEED YOUR VISION or EXCEED YOUR VISION of Corporation. Microsoft and of Microsoft Corporation. Apple OS, and OS of Apple Inc. of Corporation. of International Corporation. Photoshop and RGB of Incorporated. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Corporation. rights Copyrights and
Introduction Instructions of these instructions the Also to follow and instructions the choosing this this that than this This properly or to and humidity. it from sunlight, strong light, or heat to and this from areas. this outlet where the easily this or cover the this through the to this This with this only. with other fire or shock. to properly grounded outlets. using the as or that switch and off. outlets switches or timers. Introduction the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the type of indicated the the that with this of another fire or shock. or cord. If with this the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or the the or the the normally or performance. If to the Germany, the following: To short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the building protected or If to the the or If there the them with of the and this hand this or the while the head hand; otherwise this
turn the off using the the this pressed, the light flashes then off. the or off the the light flashing. the of the reach of and If off with and If them immediately with the the back and forth about within seconds. the the its the within months of the or to them. This the head. the IC the of the This operation and The IC this of cartridge-related information, such as the that the and freely. If the supply from and and the as this that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the the supply or surrounding Introduction Notes and Warning: to serious injury. to to this or injury. Notes information the operation of this or information the of this
section cover when the built-in or the optional SpectroProofer. Normally when using the Cartridge when C from to inches Loading the Ejected collected to the of the ejected. This collects when the of the Introduction
smooth of the the when and when the optional SpectroProofer installed. Loading this when sheets that thick or thicker. Loading and Ejecting Thick Cartridge cover (right) when or collecting the and right of head high while and right to the head hand. or flashing when or the On occurred. the of the the Flashing or occurred. You which this warning cover when thick cleaning the of the or Normally closed when the Rear should The factory warning). Introduction
Manually this when Loading Manually from the Rear this when manually feeding to the properly. Supports to from or backward. Edge and right the of the that to This Loading cover Cover to the when or should closed when using the the with the and the right. Loading Introduction
Rear the and then clear the Normally when the with the connected. C USB interface the USB the to cool the of the LAN the LAN light and red) The the 10Base-T 100Base-TX light The and reception indicated or flashing light. Introduction
On Connected. Flashing AC the the the and when or the to the the the when with three inch the Introduction
light light) The indicated or flashing light. On The Flashing or The off. the and off. C the and such as turning off the head cleaning, or the type of Introduction If the ready the the and the head, or switch the type of If while switch the type of Source If the ready or when loaded, the displayed, and switch and and the the as shown below. You the from the from the the of the the to the Item Ready) while the displayed. buttons buttons) loaded, feed or the You feed to of holding the button. You the holding the least seconds. You to of holding the If the when and selected from the from the and ejected. Cleaning the path feeding sheets from the the to the and ready Loading Manually from the Rear If while the displayed, items and Operations Prints and each Prints Prints sheets.
button) If the ready or when loaded, the displayed. Operations If while the from the directly. to the Item while the displayed. Press to with the built-in This or the Loading and Ejecting Thick Loading the wound and to On from the the wound the of the indicating information such as the amount of and Reading Information If while selected from the the or executed. If while the the canceled. The this while To release the the or the and then the To processed, the and then the Canceling If while the displayed, the closed and to ready light light) Indicates whether or the ready to On ready to or Introduction Ready to light light) The indicated or flashing light. On Indicates such as Flashing The light light) The indicated or flashing light. On or the Flashing Indicates such as expended, or the of the the the as as the while correct. the of the the or the of the the
the operation, and Displayed Source The following the the You the from the from the the of the the Prints and Prints Prints sheets. C Cartridge the of and the The as follows when the or Normal Warning or facing the the numbered from to right from The following shows the that to the numbers. each Introduction The indicated as follows. There and the the that to the You the reliably from the or from EPSON the recommended checking the and that Summary of the OS GR LLK (Light Light (Yellow) LC (Light VLM Light OR MK VM LK (Light C PK You to occurred. the the and clear the
SpectroProofer The following the of the optional SpectroProofer. Installed. or of the selected type of The of and indicated as follows. There enough the The nearing the of its service life. You to (flashing) the of its service life. the with (flashing) You the reliably from the or from EPSON the the cleaning and and nearing the of its service life. Summary of the OS correctly. Introduction The following the amount of One of the following whether or as the The amount of The amount of Margin The following Margin from the displayed the Top The following the (length) indicated the This when to On and Reading Information of sheets) the indicated the This displayed when to On the and from the
Indicates the selected of Custom the Narrow Introduction This wide-format inch The features of this below. High UltraChrome HDR high-resolution to professional of the of that include and from bright, to as as to further. without casting white achieved using three of to match the type You choose from photo or the type. smooth to increases type This allows to both and and switch them the type. the of Black Decreasing light using reduced "light inconsistency)" which the to light. These measured A/F11 light D50 light and of their high and and high light the from light and the
High Productivity leads to The and editing, increasing efficiency. Automatically switch and You the and the the The specify the when Loading and head cleaning detected. This and reduces and wasted the Head operability with easy to and The and bright displays the such as the With and other information clearly and easy to You to the Checking operating from thanks to or when or easily the of the from thanks to This wasted when to of or high productivity through which to of thick) or to of Introduction Also, to of the the of that the than the of sheets that the the as the of sheets the This to reduce the of output or replenishing Loading the Automated the SpectroProofer (optional) You the the optional SpectroProofer. You such as authentication, and creation. Simplified operations when of using the function, as the reads the recorded information such as the type, the amount of and and Reading Information With the of high than Cutting the Ease of Supporting as interface with 100BASE-TX and 10BASE-T as allowing the to function You with with both or included function that allows to the together when to and to cover sheets and only)
This function allows to freely to and only) efficiency with and or when the to reduce Furthermore, the function the switch off to wasting electricity. This function received and operations the while the specified of Introduction Notes and that the following clear of other that and obstructed. the "Specifications the of the Specifications The following the of the when thick and when from with the optional SpectroProofer Rear A2 A3 A3 A4 Notes when the the following when this to breakdowns, malfunctions, and
the the operating and the "Specifications Specifications when the to properly the the to the where the the with the Also, when operating areas, or sunlight, the humidity. (the head the right-hand the turned off or when function covering the head with to the head from this the and while automatically. the the or the the The head properly. this turn the and while automatically. the head hand. Notes when the If the following when the If correctly, to properly the used. If the head become clogged. that once to the head from If the the the of the the of the This or feeding or the head scratched. when Introduction the that the head (the head the right). If the head the If the head capped, the and then turn off. the cover and cover If the cloth or cover the to The head and they become easily the head, and to properly. If the the head head cleaning the head clogged. Checking Notes the following when to The included and You to the or and to them the the the the within months of installation. If from to than four hours the the IC the You to properly. You empty.
the without If the head to while the the IC the information such as the and the from the To the supply the properly. The supply to capped. around the to the surrounding To the of the head, this completely expended. Although the this function or performance. or You to properly. or otherwise, the Notes the following when and the If the the with each Notes to C; to the or scratch the of the touching the of the with and from quality. Introduction holding the wearing or the and to scratch or the and the the throw the as the locations that to sunlight, heat, or humidity. their and them that from the correctly and then the that with the If the the its Notes To high the following or scratch the If they or scratched, the off. the the off. the completely of otherwise, the where they These they immediately and however, they separated. If the they completely they to the sunlight. while or the following the instructions the
Typically, and to the of light and the This to with the the of the with information the The of and other appear lighting (light The of from this appear light Light include sunlight, light, light, and other types. Introduction
Summary of the The functions of the below. Converts from and to the the to such as the type and You these and easily or these the OS Introduction Allows the user to functions to and the and You easily or Summary of the OS
Operations Loading and Removing the the the following information Also, when the UltraSmooth the to To the to and Reading Information The the following related the leading of the the This when the and the as replaced. To information and to the information, to On and the and the from the The factory You the the following Operations Press the when the If the when the the and the information. If to from the the amount of correctly. to On to The factory On that the following Turn the the that the and then the to the C Press the to and then the Select and then the Select and then the Press the buttons to On and then the Press the to to the previous
Press the to and then the Press the to the of the and then the Press the to to the Press the buttons to and then the button. Press the buttons to when to the warning (amount of and then the Press the to the The factory On using the UltraSmooth to from the the If UltraSmooth while to On the of the the of the other than UltraSmooth to On The following operation when turning this from On to try to switch to Sheet the while loaded. the and then to Sheet to specifying the from the while loaded. the to the and then UltraSmooth the the following the Operations that the and then the to the C Press the buttons to and then the Select and then the Press the buttons to and then the Press the to the Loading and the the the the with this the of the follow the below to or the from the inch The necessary. the the the of purchase, to You the with three inch three inch The necessary.
the (when inch the and the from the the from both Press the to release the and then the of the the (when using three inch the from the Operations the both the the and and then hear the Removing and the to the with the the of the the with three inch already using the that the Supported the the from the the the both and right attachments. the the the the the and the exactly.
Removing the the from the the spacer. the of the and straight off. the Follow the below to the with this the from the the the the where the of the and the from the right. C the there the and both Loading Follow the below to the the If the the the of the the of the Operations the the the the and from the that to the To the the the displayed the or and then the button. C the cover. Prints and each Prints Prints sheets.
with the (fixed) the right, both of the the the Match the of the to the the of the If the the correctly. Press the the LCD displayed the the leading of the the to the and Operations the On the the to Press the that the and then the to the to the the that the of the of the front the that the and then the to feed the to the the cover. the type. these OK? the and the type currently the displayed. with loaded, the displayed as the and the automatically. to the type and the type match, the buttons to YES and then the If to the type, NO and then the the displayed, the the type, and then the Select the type, and then the button.
the to the and third the If the while the correctly. The of each of as without the sheets the Also, allow and to together. the when from the or while If the while the correctly. the the type. the when loaded. Operations to On the and specified from the the to its and the sheet and from the the however, specified from the the and printed. The factory On Cutting the the of the following You specify the from the or the when from the the of the the the each the built-in Press the to the with the built-in or of the the built-in to the It while to the the from the Option the (or Preferences from the Press the the to the and then
If or the or the the following While the of the through the the cover, the to feed the and the to the the of the the right-hand The of with the built-in to or and The when the optional SpectroProofer If the shorter than the shortest the to to that to off the with Press the the displayed the the to and then the The the built-in If the the built-in the to feed the to where manually. Removing the the from the and If the the the of the the of the the Operations the cover. C Press the to release the The rewound or by. The to to On from the the If automatically, the the to Press the when the If the when the the to On from the and the information. both of the and from the
that the rewound the If the rewound, the locked. If to the when locked, the the the optional to the from the from the While holding the as shown the the of the to the off the If the off easily, lightly the of the the from the while the the and the Operations removing the the right of the (the the The right of the the the from the the the If another the to the the and then the cover.
Loading You sheets the following three If the or curled, the the or If or loaded, this to the feed the or correctly. that the to its and it and of the You of normally the or of the You with the following specifications. inch to A2 to to inch) to to inch) Operations Thickness to to Loading the thick You thick with the following fications from the front feed from the front when the optional troProofer inch to A2 to to inch) to to inch) Thickness to to Loading and Ejecting Thick C Rear You sheets with the following cations manually this feeding when whose type or from the the inch to A2 to to inch) to to inch) Thickness to to Manually from the Rear
the thick or from the with the optional SpectroProofer once from the of the Therefore, the following secured. If the near there enough the rear. Rear A2 A3 A3 A4 Loading the or the while It to or If the while to the the from the and follow the below. If while the the to or from the the front feed or feed these Operations the the of the slightly to the and then both of the to
C A3 or the to match the of the A3 or to the to Whether or the the the the the the while It when the released. to to match the of the to to the the the the to the of the Operations Expand the the to three each the to the front and three each of that the with the
You to sheets (thickness of the If the correctly. The of the the type. the following information the of the once completely rather than top of already the the to the of the the without the Operations the the the to the and the the as follows the of the the
A4 the third of the the and then the section back A3 the third section of the and then the Operations A3 or the and third of the and then the that the the of the and the The to sheets. when the of that the than the the the as the of the allow than to the Also, and the the optional SpectroProofer each as of the If the when the optional SpectroProofer, that the lowered. If the the
the the the and from the that to the To the the the displayed the and then the to On the and specified from the the to its and the and from the the however, specified from the the and printed. The factory On Loading Manually from the Rear the Prints and each Prints Prints sheets. Operations the the the and from the that to the To the the the the and then the C the the when A3 or Prints and each Prints Prints sheets.
the to the width of the to the the with the as shown the the reaches the that the leading of the as as the the Press the to feed the Operations the to the and third the If the while the correctly. each of as ejected without the the when the optional SpectroProofer, that the lowered. If the Loading and Ejecting Thick the optional SpectroProofer from the front to the
the the the and from the that to the To the the the the and then the C Press the to release the its with displayed the the with the the the front as shown the Prints and each Prints Prints sheets. Operations the cover. the the the of the internal as the the cover.
the and its with the the the the the to Press the that the screen and then the to the to the the to the and third the If the while the correctly. Operations The only of thick each of thick as without the sheets the If the to Thick the Follow the below to that Press the the Press the to release the and then the C the the
You such as and from the connected and then Turn the and the Loading Loading created the from the C selected, and then Preferences or to the Operations Select the Quality and Source to the the the as the the OK The displayed, and
while The following displayed when and the (the displayed. On this the the and or while Click to to to the Operations OS X) Turn the and the Loading Loading created the from the of the and C The displayed. OS and the arrow to the OS the of the
OS or items the the screen to the OS or follow the below to the From the of the that this selected, and then the of the following the XXXX the such as A4. XXXX: with Prints the Margin from the XXXX with Margins the top, and right, and the or Operations Select from the and then each the or Quality to the the the sheets). Normally, correctly items the The displayed the while Click the to the You the of the and the information. You Also, while displayed.
Printable This section the the If the than the following sections the specified printed. and right to the and to to the both printed. The the below shows the the and right, the and right The arrow the the of the The as shown below, the Margin the Margin The factory Margin C C Margin Operations Margin Top C C Selecting the the top and of the to selected, the the following when the of the off the the trailing the The when the Printable the and right, the and right The arrow the the of the Margin C
with the The the when the and right. Operations the of Black This allows to both and and switch them the type. Black reduces the of photo them smooth, professional finish. Black increases when type the following section to the type. the type of the It to to switch the type (from charging Also, when switching to of the to consumed. switch the necessary. Turn the the Press the to the If the while switch the type of Black the Press the to Black and then the C The of the to switched to based the Press the switching the that the type of the right the
from the Normally, the type of specified from the However, when that with both of the following to switch the type of from the that only type of to the type of the the Black to the If Black to switch from the The factory the or OS X). selecting the type from the to C Operations OS other and then
Turning the This with the following of You transitioning or the function to off the when the of The when there received, and or other operations the the off and the and other switch off to Press the the to the these the off seconds operations The of completely and its when to operations, when or the recovering the You the to from and At the factory the operations You the the the the as the turned off, the light The includes function that allows the to turned off there received, and or other operations than the specified amount of the Operations specify the the turned off hours within of to At the factory the off when there received, and or other operations hours. You from the
Canceling There to operations the the finished to the the from the the Canceling from the the displayed Click Stop the Click the the Select the to and then from the to from the If the to the displayed the Canceling from the OS X) Click the the Operations Select the to and then If the to the displayed the Canceling the Press the the and then the The the of It while the to ready You which the the the operation. "Canceling from the to the
the the You the the following From Methods(Windows) From the From the Follow the below when specifying or such as or Head the or and Click Click Sound and then the Driver(Windows) and then Devices and and XP Click and Other and then and If XP and then and Right-click and The displayed. the These become the of the
You the the following Click Right-click the item to Click the to the or search to the the Driver(Windows) Right-click the item to and Right-click the and then XP, the item to the title and then
the You the or the items as as Select You of the items the each item the and the that to as Select Click the or the and then C You to You choose from the Select the Driver(Windows) You the as clicking You the clicking to the another You the items of the the the items the Click Custom
the and then C You to You choose from the You the as clicking You the clicking to the another items To items right Select and as follows. items. Rearrange of to the and the Driver(Windows) Select Item C or items the You and items and To To and items to Not the however the items the Click
Summary of the You the following functions from the This function to the head clogged. If or the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the head Head cleaning If or the head cleaning. It cleans the of the head to the Cleaning the head Head If the appear or of Head The Head function corrects head Correcting Head the Driver(Windows) EPSON You the such as the and from the Preferences You the displayed the EPSON or shortcut the to the If the Shortcut the Preferences the shortcut displayed the right-clicking the the following and EPSON when the clicked from the You the of On the information the to printed, and these and You basic operations.
You items, Select and them the of access. items or You or the This function when to the computers. EPSON LFP Remote You the firmware and the EPSON LFP Remote If EPSON LFP Remote and EPSON LFP Remote the Software from the Software You the firmware to the the EPSON LFP Remote the with this this function. You then the optional SpectroProofer to high-accuracy or using the built-in the You the SpectroProofer or installed. the Driver(Windows) Uninstalling the Follow the below to the and EPSON LFP Remote You with account. or requested, the and then with the operation. Turn off the and the interface to the and Uninstall from the category. C Select the software to and then Uninstall/Change (or Change/Remove or You EPSON and the selecting Uninstall Select EPSON LFP Remote to EPSON LFP Remote
Select the and then OK You Network clicking the and selecting the Network using other printer(s), their the Network Utility. If using other printer(s), Network Utility. Follow the on-screen instructions to the appears, the the the Driver(Windows)
the OS X) the The of the the or the OS OS X) Click the to the OS X) You such as or Head Cleaning This when the Starting Double-click the Applications the Software and then the Functions You the following from
EPSON You the such as the and from the This function to the head clogged. If or the head cleaning to clear Cleaning the head Head cleaning If or the head cleaning. Cleans the of the head to the quality. Cleaning the head Head If the appear or of Head The Head function corrects head Correcting Head EPSON LFP Remote You the and the EPSON LFP Remote You the to the the EPSON LFP the OS X) Uninstalling the Follow the below to the and EPSON LFP Remote You with account. Turn off the and the interface C Click the Apple the Preferences and then the Scan OS Select this and then Click (or OK the "Software with this
Double-click the and then the If the appear, the EPSON the Double-click the If the following displayed, the the user to the OS X, and then OK If the displayed, the and then the OS X) Select Uninstall and then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to EPSON LFP Remote EPSON LFP Remote the EPSON LFP Remote the EPSON LFP
Correct and (PhotoEnhance) The this with the function PhotoEnhance that the of the reproduction corrects to using PhotoEnhance, to match the such as scenery, or You or and white. Colors corrected selecting the It recommended that with of This function OS X. featuring function, specify to from these without function, from the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or Colors OS XP (other than the other of Photoshop CS4 the and then Select Colors as the and then the displayed, Custom PhotoEnhance and then Advanced Methods(Windows)
On the PhotoEnhance to apply to the C the each other and then Correct and The and internally corrects to match the You from the following correction Charts and correction to based the EPSON the and corrects the RGB the RGB and corrects the Furthermore, Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, and each correction this option when the correction function. featuring function, specify to from these without function, from the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the Colors
other of Photoshop CS4 the Select and then Select Colors as the and then the displayed, the correction Methods(Windows) To correction, and then the correction If Custom to manually, and then Advanced each item when Custom C the each You the correction the the of the You the to the other and then OS featuring function, specify to from these without function, from the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS OS and OS other Colors
of Photoshop CS4 the Select and then Select Colors as the and then the OS X) C OS and Matching from the and then EPSON OS to using the following with OS or otherwise EPSON Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or the Advanced correction. Select from the and EPSON or Charts and from the manually, Advanced using the following with OS clear the RGB Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or Select the when from those
the the each other and then Black and White You and white with the the The affected. You when without the from applications. It recommended that with of featuring function, specify to from these applications. without function, from the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other applications, of Photoshop CS4 the Colors
Select and then Colors or as the and then the displayed, Advanced B&W as the Methods(Windows) Select Custom as the and then Advanced C the the each other and then OS featuring function, specify to from these the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or
OS OS and OS other applications, of Photoshop CS4 the Select and then Select Colors as the and then Colors the from the and then Advanced B&W as the OS X) the following with OS clear the RGB Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or Select the when using from those C Click Advanced
the the each other and then You without the The of choose as shown below the type. the and right the and right only the optional SpectroProofer the operation. About Cutting and right appear the top and of the Top and Printable of You the following The the to slightly than the and the The sections which the printed; therefore, such as the to the of the as follows. Match the and the If the the to the as as the
the than the the to The the such as the to the of the as follows. than its the and right If the the to the as as the Select this to the The following The using or sheets. Supported A4/210 A3/297 A3/B/329 A3/329 A2/420 US B/11 inch US C/17 inch inch inch inch You when the with the and with inch Removing and the spacer the type, the or selected.
About Cutting whether and right or and to the the Option The operation each shown the following chart. Normal Cutting Explanation The Normal The top become slightly the the while the top of the If the slightly, of the shown the top or of the If this the operation the as that continuously sheets, the the top of the first and the of the to showing The top become slightly the the operation while the top of the The than the specified the the the to showing top and the of the previous the the and then the top of the following Although this to cut-off the
Procedures the displayed, such as Source Methods(Windows) Select and then C Select or as the of If of the the of the as shown below. and right and right (the to the right) and right Moving the the Therefore, appear the of the the and Option and the About Cutting other and then OS the and the from the option, and then OS X) The selections displayed as shown below. XXXX Expand)) XXXX XXXX Expand)) XXXX Where XXXX the such as A4.
using OS or items the the to the OS or the and If selected, of the the of the the Select from the The following shows the than the and right and right and right the the Therefore, appear the of the the and (the to the right) C About Cutting Select from the and then the other and then
Enlarged/Reduced You or reduce the of There three to Automatically or reduces the to the to only) or reduces the to the Custom You specify the or reduction this to Page/Scale to the displayed, the as the or Methods(Windows)
Select the of the the from the to selected as Reduce/Enlarge C other and then OS the from the and then to OS X) OS or OS Select the of the the as the Destination clear the only C other and then to only) the displayed, the as the or Methods(Windows)
Select Reduce/Enlarge and then to C Select the of the the from the other and then Custom the displayed, the as the or Methods(Windows) Select the of the the from the or Select Reduce/Enlarge Custom and then the to C directly or the to the right of the to the Select the within of to other and then OS the displayed, the of the the from the using OS or items the the to the OS or the and OS X)
the If the the and then the You as You of of If A4 as shown below. the function when the reduce/enlarge function to to the of Enlarged/Reduced
the displayed, the and then Methods(Windows) the specify the of and the If the selected, each C other and then OS the displayed, from the and then specify the of and OS X) You around the function. other and then
Double-Sided only) You easily both of the and then those and them manually to the when Performing Double-Sided the following the type and the through to the back of the The function when with Performing from reduction or If reduction the the or the manually Performing the of the with If the the the Cleaning the path You combining this with Procedures Loading the displayed, Double-Sided selected as the Source Double-Sided this the Source first from the Methods(Windows) You the Edge and Margin clicking Margins the the specified and the Select to as the shown below, the that appear the when the first. C other and then
the finished and the on-screen appears, the as instructed, and then to cover sheets and only) The function and the You the sheets to or to (four sheets four sheets) of There to only) This and the and without You the together. To the expanded that slightly the that the printed. Therefore, the the To the precisely, the following with with This and the and with You to the and then the together to Although the slightly to off the the precisely.
Procedures the The the when the displayed, the and then Methods(Windows) C the the of the Select or with and then that to selected: Select If the selected or the If or selected as the the of the shortened or and the together perfectly. with selected: Clear Supported Select or Normal
the together: cleared and with selected, the items displayed. The finished the whether or selected. selected, the finished with other and then the together The the together and with This section to four together. and match the and them the indicated below using the back of the with the following the the below to the four together the The black-and-white The following to four together. the the
the top of right the as shown the below, and temporarily them the back. C While them the the and right together. to the of the together. to the the of the the the sheet top of the the as shown the below, and temporarily them the back. While them the the and sheets together. to the of the sheets together.
of the together, the the outer You that already the If and the below, the from the If creating user follow the below to the that created the and then You the following The this (length) If than this that than (length) and then the to the to to The using that the the the the and the OS Custom although specify which this properly. The the OS X: to
the displayed, Methods(Windows) You or selected as the Source and selected as the the to and then You to characters the You easily the selecting to the to from If the and ratio the as the from Aspect Ratio and or the this the or height. To the the from the the To the the from the the and then You to C Click OK You the from the You as OS the displayed, Custom from the OS or items the displayed the to the OS or the and Methods(Mac OS X) Click and then the
the the and the and then OK C You the and the Supported Supported Expand) Margins top, and right top, and right Supported top and and right top, and right top, and right To the that the from the the of the Custom To the the from the the of the Custom and then To the the from the the of the Custom and then The the operating operating Click OK You the from the You as
You and and There to Source Applications software, editing software, and Applications that the while the and The following The this (length) If than this that than (length) and then the to the to The that the the the the and the OS X: the Methods(Windows) Select or from the Source You only that Selecting the top and of the to
Click Option and then Normal or from the C Click and match the to the of the necessary. If using that to as the Source Click the and and then to or to If using that to Reduce/Enlarge as the Source the of the created the from the and the the the or that the selected. other and then
OS the displayed, the of the created with the using OS or items the displayed the to the OS or the and OS X) You selecting the as shown below. Where XXXX the such as A4. XXXX Prints the top and and the and right. XXXX The expands the approximately to the and right to the that there the and right. Therefore, to that than the the and right The top and Select Custom from the and then the to the of the created to the of the to If the the and then the You as
only) The function allows to of created the freely and them once. You or of where Also, allows to effectively. The following items the freely
Procedures that the connected and ready to the to C the and the of the the as the Methods(Windows) The the The the Click OK with the The printed, the of the as the and to to the of The to the the the You to and them, buttons and the to and the You and whole the Preference or the each function. Click and the Source and Click the the and then
and Calling You the and to If to the of to and then to On the and then as the the location, and then C the Right-click the shortcut the the displayed. The displayed. If the shortcut the Summary of the On the and then C the location and the and then
About when using the the and the displayed and the to the the This to the characteristics when input such as and as and when such as and from the The to characteristics input and as processing, each operating with such as ICM and ColorSync OS X. to matching (This ICC The of input input (or and of output such as (or each type this The the input and the the there that match when using to specifying the where as The and type of the You match the the and the input and the To match both to the input and the as You using this the following Choose the to the the operating the of the and with This from that the This when to the operating with the with the The the operating and You the using the following ICM (Windows)/ColorSync OS X) when from that This effective from the operating ICM ColorSync OS X) ICM only) This allows to from that only)
the input and three of their differently. This the the or as the following ICM ICM ColorSync OS X) Application Applicatio each type that when with the You the from the the following information. only) ICM ColorSync OS X) with the Applicatio Applicatio Applicatio with the with function. the the and the function. the applications. of Photoshop CS4 the Select and then Select Photoshop Colors as the the Profile and the and then Applicatio Applicatio the or screen OS X). Methods(Windows) OS OS X)
C to off. the Custom as the and XP (Service or and .NET selected. OS Select from the and then as the other and then with the ICM which input Also, the ICM. the using the the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other of Photoshop CS4 the Colors
Select and then Select Colors as the and then without function, from the Custom as the ICM and then Advanced Methods(Windows) Select ICM C selected from the the to the type selected and the Profile To the the Check other and then ColorSync OS X) which input Also, the ColorSync. OS or the ColorSync supported. the functions the the OS X) Matching from the and then ColorSync C
Furthermore, OS from the and then from OS the functions the the type of the the following the below. Applications Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or Other of Photoshop CS4 the Colors Select and then Select Colors as the and then the from the and then ColorSync as the OS X) C other and then ICM only) The its to You the following correction
ICM Specify type of and the ICM (Advanced) The distinguishes the the Graphics and Text areas. Specify three of and each featuring function the the the type of the the following the below. Photoshop CS3 or Photoshop or Photoshop or OS XP (Service or and .NET or XP (other than the other applications, of Photoshop CS4 the Colors Select and then Select Colors as the and then From the Custom as the ICM and then Advanced Methods(Windows) From ICM the ICM ICM or ICM (Advanced) If ICM (Advanced) the and each such as graphics, and text Explanation the and the
Explanation Converts the that produced. This when of Relative C other and then Converts the that of and white (or the match their coordinates. This of Assigns to the and and the Therefore, white (or the or This such as
the Operations Primarily, the following from the You or such as when and the Normally, the or You the the when the ready or when loaded. You head cleaning or or the type of You the the when the ready or when loaded. If the while then head cleaning or from the that You both roughly the as below. that to the selecting item to to the the to the the of the the
The following section the as the
The following items and and the the reference each Item the Narrow, On, Margin Top On, On, Refresh Margin On, On:Periodically, On:Every On:Every On:Every Black On, Network Information Custom to to Clock MM/DD/YY HH:MM [E F] [E F], [E F] History to Prints myEpsonPrinter Not Started, Disabled, Uploaded MM/DD/YY HH:MM GMT, (Not Uploaded)
Item Head Head Network Network SpectroProofer SpectroProofer the Length, Custom Selected Custom to Thickness Thickness Network IP IP,SM,DG IP Address: to On, WSD On Network Information S/N, Color, to Gateway: to
of the The factory Item Explanation Narrow Select the which the the head and the On Select whether to On or to which to the This sheets. Margin Select On Select whether to On or to the and top of the the Top Normally, Select smeared. If, head that completely Narrow This cleared when the turned off. the turned back this operates the factory If Custom from the the Custom priority. when the that specified the than the of the that the to the top and and the and right the and right other Printable to the the of the the than the However, the following apply. to with this to On The top become If displayed and to On the correctly. If the of the the of the becomes with If this the of the become with
Item Explanation On This effective only. Refresh Margin On This effective only. On:Periodically Select the the This effective only. Black This function when to that both and the On:Every On:Every On:Every whether to On or to the and whether or the straight. On the straight, whether to On or to the leading of the to which the when with the optional SpectroProofer this to and displayed the On:Periodically to the the On:Every each the Head Select whether to On or to the to On the leading of the the and there when Select switching or switching when switching the type of from the selected, the switches to the type of the the type of the and the match. displayed when selected. If choose to the switches to the type of specified the and then the operation. to that type of the type of from the of this You the type of that with from the the of Black
Item Explanation On the UltraSmooth this to the If to On UltraSmooth the of the the of the other than UltraSmooth to On This the the and the Suction from the back to their factory Item Explanation Sheet You the of the Network Sheet You the Information You the information the to Custom You the information Custom Item Explanation to to Clock MM/DD/YY HH:MM You month, hour, and to the internal clock. the this to On the following operations selected, and the following operations specified from the and executed, to and feeding from the to the From the when specified from the and to and when Sheet selected from the the sheets, and or selected from the from You the when to with of The when information.
You the as displayed the Item Explanation You the firmware [E F] You the and The of free You the reliably than with the the History to Prints You the of to myEpsonPrinter Not Started, Disabled, the amount of and the type. The factory the [E F] [E F] This function and Uploaded (Not Uploaded), MM/DD/YY HH:MM GMT You the of each The of consumed. You the reliably than with the the the the You and each of displayed. The You myEpsonPrinter or If the displayed.
Item Explanation You the type loaded. the Select whether to On or to display/record the amount of On to to the the within from to to You to to within from to to to warning when the amount of below that You to This when to On from to Custom Selected This only when the to On the and the and the These the amount of that displayed the Also, when the each the amount of the and the the as the with another type of already the replaced, the and the updated allowing to the efficiently. the of the from to of the You the should displayed and of the The of displayed the based the choose and
Item Explanation Custom to to the to the characteristics of that which Thickness, Drying and Suction. You to assigning them to to using the specifying the when the turned off, the retained. Custom the characteristics the characteristics, the or with You the Custom from the the the that to Also, to the from first, and then the and If the the Quality Quality from the or OS X), and then clear the High the the following the Custom as this there another creating Custom with EPSON LFP Remote EPSON LFP Remote procedures the You the Software with this EPSON LFP Remote easily Custom the memory. the EPSON LFP Remote and with the items the and then OS X: the the Custom both the and the the when from the
Item Explanation You the type that the to the Narrow Thickness to the thickness of the this to or the sheets, the the to the of the head cleaning or head the Select the with the least from the This allows to and correction the lightest to the the following should selected as the lightest. the confirmed each to F. You the based the the The correction to of feed. too white white or light too
Item Explanation to the the to the of the sheets (the of the This when Drying to You the to the head each head to allow the to the or type, the while to If the the the Suction This the using amount of the to the and the head the suction Tension Normal If appear the while High or High On Select whether to On or reduction. Head You head the following Head Correcting Head Item Explanation Thickness You the thickness of the used. from the The the and the the to the and the the to High High Thickness this this of the thin the suction too the the head and the too which to or the correctly. If this the suction. The suction when the lowered. If the Thickness within of to to
Network You the the items, the to to the previous and then the network and seconds. This displayed while The factory Item Explanation Network The following items appear when selected. IP Select whether to DHCP to the IP or to the manually the IP,SM,DG below displayed. IP,SM,DG You the IP and information. On Select whether the interface On or WSD Select whether the interface WSD On or Network You the to the factory SpectroProofer These only when the optional SpectroProofer Item Explanation SpectroProofer Information the each item S/N, Color, and of the SpectroProofer. when the the or the displayed. the On
The and actions that the as follows. the the following head cleaning and the Head Item Explanation selected, If clogs Cleaning detected, head cleaning the of to Cleaning C/VM, PK(MK)/LK, O/G, LLK/Y, VLM/LC, Colors, and Colors (Powerful) The of the the If detected, the and Cleaning Black You switch the type of to the You Select the head to head cleaning and whether to cleaning or cleaning to the head cleaning process. cleaning head cleaning which should that to cleanings. the of Black
the Head You to the head white appear or the You the following the head to the Carry the and Checking There to while the other specified Checking when to clogs the head's There checking as shown below. the function to clogs the head's and the as If detected, the displayed and Cleaning The function to amount of when clogs. when cleaning Prints checking the or the should head cleaning. or with every Cleaning detected. Cleaning the head If or the head cleaning. The following functions cleaning the of the head. Cleaning the head Cleaning and, detected, head cleaning the of where the detected. Whether or head cleaning the Cleaning from the The factory Cleaning once. Cleaning Select the to clean, and whether to cleaning or cleaning. cleaning head cleaning which should that to cleanings. the head head If the appear or of Head The Head function corrects Correcting Head Checking Although from the or the the cleaning procedures as below. From the You
From the You from the following types. You when the light with the currently selected the of the type of loaded. the with Black to the as to Black From the Explanations this section the as OS X. that the or of A4 or the the and type correctly to the Click from the the (or Click C The printed. the If there If there Clean that the or cleaning the head. From the that the following that the or of A4 or the the type correctly to the Press the to the C Press the buttons to and then the Press the buttons to or and then the the the completed, displayed the informing of clogs. If the detected. appears, the
If The following clogged. displayed, the to Press the to the the closed, the informing which the while to the following section. of There the of If the head cleaning. Cleaning the head this function from the If to On:Every whenever On:Periodically when based internally the type, of the detected, Cleaning the of the (the factory once; three the cleared. Cleaning the head Although head cleaning from the or the the cleaning as below. From the You From the You from the following types. Cleaning Cleaning Notes head cleaning the following when head cleaning. Clean the head the or the incorrect or when head cleaning Colors Colors (Powerful) Cleaning from the from of the only and white consumed. You head cleaning when the light the with first. (If there enough head cleaning, to head cleaning from the repeating head cleaning the to amount of the there enough the If the cleaning the head trying cleaning.
cleaning than head cleaning. the and cleaning the If the cleaning, off the and it overnight or the If the clogged, or Support. If Cleaning displayed the the following section to the and to the Displayed Cleaning From the Explanations this section the as OS X. Click Head Cleaning from the the (or Click Head cleaning and about to Click C Confirm the If the Clean From the that the following Press the when the ready when loaded, or when The displayed. Press the buttons to the type of cleaning, and then the C You cleaning the when Cleaning selected. If selected Cleaning the head to clean and the If selected Cleaning to choose whether to cleaning or cleaning. Cleaning once selection. The light flashing and head cleaning to when to On from the or Cleaning finished when the light and the
Correcting Head there the head and to or the force of the head's or the head bidirectionally. appear or of this Head to the Although Head from the or the the procedures as below. From the You or manually specifying the of and whether should bidirectionally or unidirectionally. the reads the while and the to the to the and the There four of to and the head unidirectionally with reference to Light Light and Light to the head bidirectionally. Either Black or Black based the type of currently selected the to the head bidirectionally. to the From the with head with this operation. normally from the as this the the of the satisfactory, from the Head to the of the the to From the Explanations this section the as OS X. that the or of A4 or the the and type correctly to the head bidirectionally.
Click Head from the the (or Follow the on-screen instructions to the head. The reads the while and the to the From the To Head from the the following Thickness Select or and then the You the following of when the Head function. and thick than A4 Head with the currently selected the of the type of loaded. the with Black to the as to Black that the following Thickness that the or of A4 or the Press the to the C Press the buttons to Head and then the button. Press the buttons to Thickness and then the the and the Thickness Press the to and then the Press the buttons to the type used, and then the Non-Epson Press the to Thickness and then the Press the buttons to thickness to to and then the the thickness, the or with Press the to the to the instructions to both and
the head the displayed, Head and then the button. Press the buttons to and then the C Press the buttons to the type of and then the If already Head from the If Head the first Press the to the The the while and the to the If the of the unsatisfactory, If the of the unsatisfactory, the head manually with first and then with If to try the displayed, Head and then the Press the buttons to and then the C Press the to and then the Press the to the the and the that the least If C displayed the the buttons to the confirmed and then the the C to VLM, and then the to the of the Select and then to Head the To and to
Cartridges If of the expended, If warning displayed, the cartridge(s) as as If while the when the Supported and Products to The following Black as You the to recommends the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed, and of recorded service the the cover. Press the the to the cover. C the to the You hear and the slightly. the straight of the
around the supply to the surrounding when the the from the the seconds as shown the the IC the You to properly. the with the arrow facing and then the as as clicks. Match the with the the back of the cover. to to other each You of the empty. the cover. and If the or Not Enough Empty displayed, the specified Supported and Products to or that and the of The the and and to enough The on-screen reads however the this while
the right-hand cover. Press the the cover to the cover. releases the lock, and straight C the the clear included with and that the closed tight. the to the following the or correctly otherwise. the IC the of the from the top of the cover. The instructions as follows. The on-screen reads however the this while the released. If the of and/or once resumed.
the the of the slightly to the optional SpectroProofer Release the C that If should or the affected with immediately. the the clear included with and that the closed tight. completely the clear and the closed. The and the surrounding the it firmly. the IC the of Doing operation and
the lock. the optional SpectroProofer the the when cleanly. Supported and Products cross-head screwdriver to the cross-head screwdriver with the to the or the Turn off the If loaded, from the when the optional SpectroProofer SpectroProofer Mounter the covers the and right. C the cover. the front cover. cross-head screwdriver and the four screws holding the front cover the front cover.
when the optional SpectroProofer installed. the cover. the cover towards while holding the as shown the to the cover. the from the the screw holding the cross-head screwdriver and the straight the the that the the matches with the the cross-head screwdriver to the screw to the Screw the firmly, otherwise the slightly shifted or the within the reach of The injury. when the
the cover. the hear the the front cover. the four screws that the cover and cross-head screwdriver to them The of the screws the top and the front. the screws that with washer the front section (the cover section). If the optional SpectroProofer, the SpectroProofer without the front cover. If the front cover properly and the respond. the cover and the and right covers.
Cleaning the To operating it (about once month). Cleaning the from the the turned off and the off, and then the from the C clean cloth to or If there serious using cloth with Then off with cloth. thinners, or to the They and Cleaning the of the following cleaning operations or Cleaning the feed, or front or Cleaning the from the or the from those areas. Cleaning the Follow the below to the feeding Turn the and A2 or inch Loading and Removing the Press the as as the pressed. If the cleaning the cleaning Cleaning the Follow the below to A2 or inch sheets the Loading the Check that the and that sheets selected as the type. C Press the from the the with Cleaning the turned off and the turned off, and then the from the the
C the cover and cloth to or the the shown the following To the from the to the If there serious cloth with Then, the of the with cloth. cleaning, the and the absorption the otherwise, to the the otherwise, the If (that white the something to finished cleaning, the cover.
Displayed If should with the properly), the and/or light light and displayed the informing of the The displayed the following section. If to the and the to the What to Cleaning This the the This the the Black Black match To To to or correctly. Cartridge cover. Press the to the and then from the Press the to the and then from the The type of the and the the Press the to switch to the type of specified the and It to to switch (from charging Also, approximately to of the to consumed. switch the necessary. the following Press the to and then the the of Loading Loading Supported If the or the the correctly. the the or Loading the Loading Loading If to from the try to On the cover the
What to Cartridge right and covers. Cartridge Cover right cover. Cleaning head cleaning Retry? Cleaning Not enough cleaning? (recommended) Cleaning Not enough cleaning? (Recommended) detected. Cleaning recommended. Command nearing of service life. the F/W the Cartridge Quality of the and right covers. Cartridges the cover the right. cleared cleaning. Select to Cleaning the head If the cleaning from the off the while and then If cleaning and to ready If the displayed. the with to cleaning. If cleaning and to ready If the displayed. the with to cleaning. Cartridges If cleaning and it to ready head cleaning to clogs. This to displayed the cleared, when printed. while the displayed. the Head Press the and to Then that the the the the Turn the off, and then the Then the using EPSON LFP Remote If this appears the or Support. Select to the with Selecting warranty. and Products Cartridges
What to Cartridge Please Cartridge cartridge(s). Cartridge Please the Cartridge Too To Clean The Unlocked of service life. to free or the confirming, the free with the with that with this and Products Cartridges the and If this the with the that caused the the least four hours the Notes the and that with this and Products Cartridges the with Cartridges The displayed when selected to Cleaning or Clog Detected the with Cartridges The on-screen reads however the this and correctly. If the with The on-screen reads however the this correctly. If the with The on-screen reads however the this
What to Cover front cover then Cartridges cartridge(s). Rear Unit the Enough Empty the Clog Detected Not enough cleaning? (recommended) Clog Detected Not enough cleaning? (Recommended) Press the from Turn off the then the front cover. the correctly and then the the front cover the correctly. correctly. Loading the the to the to the sheets from the while section that follows. or ejecting with The on-screen reads however the this If the displayed. the with to cleaning. If cleaning and to ready If the displayed. the with to cleaning. If cleaning and to ready correctly. Press the to release the and then the or ejecting the the the Press the to the the Press the to release the and then the
What to from off and then Press the and the Press the and the Press the and to from and the the rear to than thickness, from thicker then from front Press the to the sheets from the while or sheets from the front/rear sections the reference that follows and the or ejecting to the sheets from the front/rear section the chart the following reference and the or ejecting to the sheets from the front/rear section the chart the following reference and the or ejecting Press the to the then the Loading to the from the while section the chart the following reference and the or ejecting to the sheets from the front/rear section the chart the following reference and the or ejecting to the from the while section the chart the following reference and the or Loading and the the the rear or front the thickness of the Loading Manually from the Rear Loading and Ejecting Thick Confirm that printed, then the and the Loading the Press the then the Loading If of while the printed once If to from the the instead of from where the the and that, the and the operation
What to or to the or correctly. loaded. and to This from than thickness from correctly. Source loaded. and to If this displayed when head the following items. that head head with or thick that than A4 that of A4 or clogged? head cleaning. Cleaning If this other when head that the the The correctly such as or transparency. The feed the and match. the the and the the and from the Loading that from the the Press the and then the from the feeding the the front or the thickness of the Loading The supported. Press the to release the and then the the following and with The that the inches. that A4 or when head If displayed though with loaded, to to from the The straight. Press the to release the and then the correctly. Loading Loading Press the to clear the and then the from the and the the
What to Source loaded. and to Cover Please the cover. At the of service life. To SpectroProofer of SpectroProofer then SpectroProofer to the and the ILS20EP to SpectroProofer. Turn the off, and then Press the to clear the and then the from the and the the to from the the type when the the cover. with The reads however the this To The on-screen reads however the this Turn off the and the SpectroProofer Turn the once the connected properly. SpectroProofer Mounter Turn off the and then the from the SpectroProofer mounter. correctly and then turn the SpectroProofer Mounter
What to SpectroProofer to the to to the XX (The displayed instead of XX) the the the and the as follows. If Turn off the and then the SpectroProofer mounter. Turn the when the cover correctly SpectroProofer Mounter (PDF) SpectroProofer Mounter If this appears the or Support. If Turn off the and then the SpectroProofer mounter. the SpectroProofer and then correctly. the SpectroProofer mounter correctly and then the SpectroProofer Mounter (PDF) SpectroProofer Mounter If this appears the or Support. or displayed Turn off the and then the SpectroProofer mounter. and around the of the the correctly. the SpectroProofer mounter correctly and then the SpectroProofer Mounter (PDF) SpectroProofer Mounter there with the type or the SpectroProofer Mounter (PDF) If this appears the or Support. If displayed Turn off the and then the ILS20EP and the white from the SpectroProofer mounter. that the the the ILS20EP and the white the otherwise, with of the If the the ILS20EP or the white the correctly and then the SpectroProofer Mounter (PDF) If this appears the or Support. If other appears the the and or The the The lowered. the
Call/Service What to Service XXXX off and then If this the and service. XXXX to the service when: The connected securely that cleared service occurred, the Turn off the the from the and from the AC the and then Turn the If the service the or them the service "XXXX". the nearing the of its service life. or and them the You clear the the replaced. service to the
Troubleshooting You the Symptom What to The turn the the outlet or the the securely the The off automatically. the to If the to off automatically, this to The properly The properly OS X). there with the outlet connecting the another the the or and The installed. "The connected correctly to the the The the the match the the Click the the and the to the following USB: USB the the USB Network: The IP the If indicated, the correctly. and the Uninstalling the the to the Click the Apple the Preferences and then the Scan OS If the displayed, the
Symptom What to The with the You the The Confirm occurred the the lights and the the properly? the interface securely the of the and the Also, the If connecting with the the interface match the the the interface match the specifications the and the the interface connected directly to the If switching or the and the to the their combinations. the and the directly with the interface and normally. using USB correctly? the USB of to USB that the to the first connected directly to the the the of the become If this should the USB directly computer's USB the USB correctly? the USB correctly the If the USB correctly, of the USB from the USB and then the USB interface directly to the USB the USB about USB operation. the correct? the the directly to the USB and then to If USB, there the or to the If USB, the section this Displayed
Symptom What to The the of If or the of the You this whether the caused the or the from the that that the the and and the correct. Double-click the the and from the to clear the the the (or OS X) OS and If Scan OS and then the released. Click the Apple the Preferences and then the Scan OS Double-click the that Click OS If Stop the the it released. Double-click the Applications the and then Double-click the that Click the that and then If (or displayed the follow the below. Click the (or the Double-click the that Click the that and then that the turned and ready and A4 or From the the and or Right-click the and On the the while the to If the correctly, the the and correct. to the section. If the correctly, the items You the The shown the the of the This from the that
The sounds nothing Symptom What to The head nothing The correctly. Confirm the without connecting to the operations and the Check the section the correctly. the displayed the The the internal while without off the head cleaning. The clogged. head cleaning. Cleaning the head the If the the and clogged. to when the Notes when the
The what expected Symptom What to too light, or too too light, or too (Continuation) the head clogged? If the clogged, fire and the Check Head With bidirectional the head while and right. If the head accordingly. If with bidirectional Head Correcting Head using This with If the smear, or the of the the correctly detected. to the The when used. the with the the the (within months the the correct? affected the selected the or OS X) the match with the that the to match the type with the that the (such as as the Quality? The when Quality or Quality that assign to from the If to that assigns to such as Quality or Quality the with the the and differently, match on-screen perfectly. the cover while If the cover while the head causing the the cover while the The when the the with If there the head cleaning
Symptom What to The exactly the as another The properly the the head bidirectional With bidirectional the head while and right. If the head accordingly. If with bidirectional Head Colors the type to each characteristics. and each the exactly the You with the or the the To match the precisely, the to specified the the the of the and the the correct? If the the and the of the match, the where or of off. this the the If to the the the when the to On the the within the If the than the normally to the the the the to On the the to or If the Margin the than the the the Margin priority. when and right of the the and right of the of created the of the the printed. Printable Correcting Head
Symptom What to The or The creased. the should to C, humidity: to information about such as thin from other that the with the The of the the too thick or too thin? that the with this information about the and from other or when using RIP software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. the creased or or with the or become or to or which the to the correctly. the the or the head the If the of the scuffed, the and from the the head scuffing the of the the Margin to Top from the the the and the of the the when this to with the using the characteristics to On the If the than the normally to the the the exceeding the causing the of the to To the of the to On the the the and type, the while to the the Also, the Drying from the the (ejecting and and the the the While the the You the OK Cleaning the
Symptom What to Too fired. the correct? that the match the that The amount of to fired to the type. If the match the loaded, too fired. Margins appear the correct? the of the the from the The firing too the the the the the correct? that the the as as the the correct? that the of the match the that the amount of the amount of Margins appear the amount of to the correctly? The or correctly that appear when the with the information the using that that or while that appear when that to the there the top and of the while It reduce the
or Symptom What to to or the the the following the to feed or (Continuation) to the the cutting? The rewound the when the the Loading Loading If the correctly, the of the that the the sheets vertically. If they the the and Loading trying to sheets from the or the front when already loaded? selecting from the to from the the first, and then sheets. Loading Manually from the Rear Loading and Ejecting Thick the creased or or with the that Also, should the to If the and that feed properly. the or become or to or which the to the correctly. the the or the too thick or too thin? that the with this information about the and from other or when RIP software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. the should to C, humidity: to the the cover of the and that there or the If below and clear the the suction too If to with try lowering the Suction (the amount of suction to the the feed path). Custom
Symptom What to To follow the below: the cover and off the the of the (Continuation) both of the and from the the from the the cover and other necessary. Turn off the and then back the and Loading
Symptom What to sheets from the while sheets from the while (Continuation) To follow the below: the output and the the from where the If the rear, the with the to the as shown the and then the the With the to the the hear it Turn off the and then back the and Loading the
Symptom What to sheets from the front/rear Others Symptom What to the You turned off the while occurred. the turning the back and The turning off. when the Black or when The cleanly. the If the cleanly, the To follow the below: the from the rear/front the cover and other necessary. Turn off the and then back the and Loading Manually from the Rear Loading and Ejecting Thick the The to its that operations, such as when the pressing the the the or when received. You the the the head cleaning process. Colors or Colors (Powerful) from Cleaning cleaned and from consumed. when Black selected, the while cleaning.) Cleaning the head the
Symptom What to The light the The displayed correctly when EPSON or EPSON LFP Remote This The light light the Network installed.(Windows) Select Network from the Software the Software and
and Products The following options and products with of July, the information, the Product Explanation the following section the of the or of The of that covered warranties, and Information about displayed. C12C815351 the following section to the T653B T655B Light Light Black T6539 T6559 T6534 T6554 Light T6535 T6555 Light T6536 T6556 T653A T655A Black T6538 T6558 T6533 T6553 Light Black T6537 T6557 T6532 T6552 Black T6531 T6551 T6190 which the of its service life. T6191 which the of its service life. Cartridges the
Product Explanation C12C811251 as the with the C12C811201 as the with the C12C890121 SpectroProofer Mounter C12C890631 the when the to the with the SpectroProofer Mounter information to and
the following high-quality information about the and other than or when (RIP) software, the with the or the of the or the of the RIP. Item the the or the Thickness: the thickness of the Core: the of the whether the only. Capacity: sheets the only. Black the type of that with the ICC the ICC the The of the as the the or the Table Black Thickness Core ICC Profile PK PK PK PK: Black/MK: Black PremiumGlossyPhotoPaper250. PremiumLusterPhotoPaper260.i
Black Thickness Core ICC Profile Enhanced White Publication UltraSmooth Textured You the with the Removing and the spacer You specify and however, appear or the to the expanding or contracting. sheet with sheets with and right PK PK (A2) PK (A2) PK MK EnhancedMattePaper_MK.icc MK PK PK PK PK/MK PK/MK PhotoPaperGloss250.icc PremiumGlossyPhotoPaper170. EpsonProofingPaperCommercia EpsonProofingPaperWhiteSemi EpsonProofingPaperPublication UltraSmoothFineArtPaper_PK.ic UltraSmoothFineArtPaper_MK.i TexturedFineArtPaper_PK.icc/ TexturedFineArtPaper_MK.icc
Black Thickness Capacity ICC Profile A4 US A3 A3/B A2 US C A4 A3 A3/B A2 US C A4 A3 A3/B A2 US C PK PK PK: Black/MK: Black PK PremiumGlossyPhot hotoPaper.icc
Black Thickness Capacity ICC Profile Enhanced Quality EPSON White White UltraSmooth A4 A3 A3/B A2 US C A4 US B/11" A3 A3/B A2 US C A3/B PK EpsonProofingPaper A3 A3/B PK/MK A3/B A2 US C PK/MK MK EnhancedMattePape MK PhotoQualityInkJetP WatercolorPaper-Ra WatercolorPaper-Ra UltraSmoothFineArt UltraSmoothFineArt
Black Thickness Capacity ICC Profile You specify and however, appear or the to the expanding or contracting. A3/B A2 US C PK/MK
Commercially This the following that scuffed, torn, or Although and other and the as as they the following specifications, the Although other other the as as they the following specifications, the feeding and quality. and inch and inch outer 2-inch to Thickness inch or inch or 3-inch to to to A4/210 A3/297 A3/B/329 A3/329 A2/420 inch inch inch inch inch The the OS as follows. that the below. the that the specifications of the the computing and to OS X: to You only when the with the and when the with inch Removing and the spacer sheet and Width: to Thickness using (Custom the to the characteristics You the following Length: to inch to A2) to to A4/210 A3/297 A3/B/329 A3/329 inch inch inch
with Custom the or from EPSON LFP Remote and to this with the and to Custom items the and then OS X: the the Custom both the and the the when from the to the characteristics such as fixating, or thickness the the characteristics, the or with the with this purchasing amount of If the the Quality Quality from the or OS X), and then clear the High You the or the or to the factory Starting and Turn off the the and the the light release the the displayed, release the the below the C To off the
The factory Item Explanation Select the the Units Select the of which displayed the or the Units C Select the of which displayed the or the Cleaning The type of to the If to the English Dutch Chinese The of to cleaning when The flashes when The flashes when enough The flashes when or when enough If or the flashes when of these reaches their respective The flashes when when enough or when
Item Explanation Sheet The when there received, and or other operations This allows to to such as items and to their factory Custom to these instructed to of About You the applied. increase the efficiency. Please the Choose whether or to On the to On Sheet the from which the of to and the of the On The off when there received, and or other operations hours. To to 24hour(s) Turning the To the amount of the turned off completely, the the To You specify and hours of hour the To If the to off, to This normally used.
Notes or the the following operations when or the shown below, the the indentations the and right the otherwise, the and the with the otherwise, the and to or or Transporting the following or the Turn off the and optional they Notes Transporting the using the and to from shock and or Transporting or the head Checking
The following to and the software this XP CPU or higher Memory GB or Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. SVGA or higher shielded twisted-pair or higher). as user with account to the group). OS OS to CPU G5 or higher or Memory 1GB or OS and Interface USB-Compatible with the USB Specification. shielded twisted-pair or higher). GB or Ethernet 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX GB or WXGA or higher OS XGA or higher Ethernet 10BASE-T, 100BASE-TX Specifications Table Specifications ESC/P command) Friction feed memory MB Rated AC to Rated Rated to 0.4A to C to o F) Humidity to (without Black,Light Light Light Color: Light Light MB Network to W/Approx. the optional SpectroProofer Approx. off: or to C to o F) (within hours C o F), within month C o F)) to C to o F) (within month C o F)) to (without to (without
Specifications (W) (D) (H) the and Specifications Black, Light Light Light Black the the Cartridge (without Color: Light Light months the Uninstalled: to C (within month C) Installed: to C (within month C) to C (within month C, within hours C) (W) (D) (H) The below C If it C) least four hours (without the and UL EMC FCC Class Warning: This this interference which the to CAN/CSA C22.2 Directive EC EN CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR Class EMC Directive 2004/108/EC EN Class EN EN EN
Where To Technical Technical with that the troubleshooting information If and to the the If the or other downloadables, the Then, the section of To Contacting Contacting If operating properly and the the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased to them the following information: Product (The the back of the Product Product software (Click About Info or the software.) Brand and of operating and and of the software normally with
North America the technical services below. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative (U.S.), or to through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product of purchase (such as and of purchase Computer of the other software the that software technical information. Purchase and You purchase and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or Warranty information to Where To information, and services World www.epson.com.tw Information specifications, and products with the following the and information Product or service and warranty service Telephone E. City 1F., E. City City, County Township, County City, County City, County
Telephone 1F., Rd., North Hsinchu City 3F., City City East City N. North City 1F., City City 1F., City, County wishes to with high of service. to the following information: Dont that often and The should the first they often and easily as as the to Where To URL Access the World Worth the The information and technical as to to the and operating products and where the or service located. of The to the information when The information the the This information includes type of operating and information required. Sources of information, and services from World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Technical with the following the
and information Product or service and warranty Thailand information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), and with the following the and information Product or service and warranty information, and services (Phone): Service District City information, and services World Information specifications, Where To (FAQ), through and information Technical Service 3A/B IIB Natour HSBC MTC P7-8 JI. Phone/Fax: Phone/Fax:
To technical as as other services, users to Limited. established both Chinese and English the to with the following information: Product information to of World Technical You technical the following and numbers: Contacts information, and services World Information specifications, (FAQ), through (M) Head Office. Where To and information (Infoline) services warranty, and technical information, and services World Information specifications, and products Head Office Phone: Offices: Location Telephone Cochin NA
Location Telephone Service, Product info or to (9AM 9PM) This Toll-free Service (CDMA Users) (9AM 6PM) STD the To technical as as other services, users to the Corporation the and and below: Direct World Information specifications, (FAQ), and Toll-Free 1800-1069-EPSON(37766) with the following the and information Product or service and warranty Where To
Software Terms Source Software This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its the of the to the Apple Source or its years the of of this If to the of the please the "Contacting Customer or of this and the of You redistribute and/or the terms of the Apple Source or its These WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Apple Source as follows. You the Apple Source APPLE PUBLIC SOURCE LICENSE Definitions. This to or other which Apple Computer, Inc. publicly and which Apple such or as and that to the of this Apple Source this "Applicable Rights" the where Apple the of rights, of that or or assigned to Apple and that cover contained the to the to and/or the without and the where You the of rights, of that or or assigned to You and that cover Modifications, or with "Contributor" or that or to the creation of Modifications. the Modifications, the of and Modifications, and/or respective thereof. "Externally to or otherwise directly or indirectly, to other than and/or to or as of Work, to service, including to of through with other than Work" which or thereof with the of this Software Terms
"Modifications" from, and/or to, the and/or of the Modifications, the of and previous Modifications, and/ or respective thereof. released as of to or from the of containing and/or or other of that of the Source of or other as originally Apple this including the Source of or to such or Apple this and that Apple as such the header of such and the from such Source and originally Apple this "Source the of or other that to including it associated interface to and of or or rights this or includes which by, or with, where the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. Permitted Conditions Restrictions. to the and of this Apple effective the You this and the royalty-free, to the of Applicable Rights and copyrights covering the to the following: You internally within organization, and Externally of the or that each instance: You and of the copyright and other and of Apple as they appear the and the that to this and You include of this with every of Source of and You or Externally Deploy, and You offer or terms such Source that or this or the rights as Section You and internally within organization, and Externally and or that each instance You of these You the of Section with to the Source of the You to the already the each of the Source of Modifications, and the to that You the and the of change; and If You Externally Modifications, You Source of Externally Deployed to those to whom You Externally Deployed Modifications, or publicly Source of Externally Deployed released the forth this including the forth Section below, as as Externally the or months from the of whichever You should preferably the Source of Externally Deployed from Software Terms
Distribution of You Externally and/or Modifications) only, You include the as as related that Source of the the of this with information and where to such Source Third Party Rights. You acknowledge and that although Apple and each the to their respective of the forth Apple or that the the or other property rights of other entity. Apple and each to You brought other based of property rights or otherwise. to the rights and You hereby responsibility to other property rights third to allow You to the responsibility to that the of, and as to, the to You this You to or or this royalty-free, Applicable Rights and other property rights (other than or to and Externally of the and as Sections and Works. You Work combining with other the terms of this and the Work as each such instance, You the of this the or thereof. as stated Section other rights, or implied, Apple and/or Works from Apple which Apple its Additional You choose to offer, and to charge warranty, or obligations and/or other rights with the of the ("Additional to or of You and as responsibility, and of Apple or Contributor. You the that such Additional Terms offered You and You to and Apple and every incurred or asserted Apple or such reason of such Additional of the Apple and/or of this from to distinguishing Once published of this You to the terms of that You choose to such the terms of of this published other than Apple the right to the to created this Software Terms
NO WARRANTY OR SUPPORT. The whole or untested, or tested The that or of and or You acknowledge and that of the or thereof, and THE COVERED CODE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY, UPGRADES OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND AND APPLE AND APPLE'S LICENSOR(S) (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "APPLE" FOR THE PURPOSES OF SECTIONS AND AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND/OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OF ACCURACY, OF QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. APPLE AND EACH CONTRIBUTOR DOES NOT WARRANT AGAINST INTERFERENCE WITH YOUR ENJOYMENT OF THE COVERED CODE, THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE COVERED CODE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, THAT THE OPERATION OF THE COVERED CODE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE COVERED CODE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVEN BY APPLE, AN APPLE AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR SHALL CREATE WARRANTY. You acknowledge that the the operation of or which the of the to death, injury, or physical or LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE OR ANY CONTRIBUTOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS LICENSE OR YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE COVERED CODE, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCTS LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF APPLE OR SUCH CONTRIBUTOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. to You (other than as this the amount of This rights to the or "Apple Computer", OS", "QuickTime", "QuickTime Streaming or other service or to Apple (collectively "Apple or to service or to Contributor. You to Apple or as of the of products from the or to or products from the other than as and with third which Ownership. to the this each rights, title and and to such Contributor. Apple rights, title and and to the and or of Apple ("Apple Modifications"), and such Apple to this Apple its choose to such Apple this or from those this or choose to them Termination. Termination. This and the rights without from Apple You to comply with term(s) of this and to such breach within of becoming of such breach; immediately the of the Section or Software
without from Apple the of this action Apple; that Apple first action You that instance. of Termination. termination, You to immediately further sublicensing and of the to the which properly to termination termination of this Provisions which, their should the termination of this including to Sections and to other indemnity or of as of terminating this with its and termination of this without to other right or of party. Government Users. The as FAR Government software and technical rights the include those rights to the as this This customary technical and software with FAR (Technical and Software) and, of purchases, DFAR (Technical Items) and (Rights Software or Software Accordingly, U.S. Government with those rights forth Relationship of This as creating agency, partnership, or other of or Apple or Contributor, and You to the contrary, whether expressly, appearance or otherwise. Nothing this right to others and/or or products that the or or otherwise with, Modifications, Works, or products that You or Waiver; Construction. Apple or to of this waiver of of that or other or which that the of the apply to this Severability. If reason of of this or thereof, to that of the enforced to the as to the and of the and the of this force and Notwithstanding the or restricts You from and/or specifically complying with Sections and/or or the enforceability of of those Sections, this immediately terminate and You immediately of the and of that or or other You and Apple relating to this the Northern District of California, and You and Apple to the of, and the and within that District with to this The of the United Nations Contracts the International of excluded. This the the with to the hereof. This the of the United States and the State of California, that of California concerning conflicts of Where You located the of the following The that they that this and related English. tous Software Terms
EXHIBIT A. Copyright Apple Computer, Inc. Rights This and/or of as and that to the Apple Source (the You this with the Please of the and this The and software distributed the distributed 'AS IS' WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND APPLE HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please the the rights and the Other Software Info-ZIP copyright and This of the Info-ZIP The of this should ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/license.html indefinitely and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Jean-Michel Goatley, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or Software Terms
versions--including, to, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must plainly as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, to, of the with the Info-ZIP (or thereof, including, to, UnZip, or without the of Info-ZIP. further from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the Info-ZIP, UnZip, UnZip, and its own and releases. Software