EPSON SQ-850 SQ-2550 USERS GUIDE 24-NOZZLE INK JET PRINTER
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the from the the that the and branch If necessary, the should the or The the following the Communications Commission helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington DC The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference that the established the FCC this If this than interface connected to interfaces. FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS WARNING
EPSON
of this publication rights reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the While every of the information the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Corporation or from the of options other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON ESC/P of Corporation. IBM and IBM PC of International Corporation. Copyright Corporation
Introduction The SQ-850 and SQ-2550 the advanced of combining high performance and with of exciting features. to the high-quality and ease of operation to from EPSON the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 offer the following: that allows selection of of the features, such as character and pitch as as choice of or advanced that allows to easily switch sheets and the buttons. You sheets without the or while the optional tear-off that tear off the the the back to the that of the The to and that allows to feed the or of inch to finely the top of and tear-off Introduction
The following built-in Quality high-quality OCR-A, OCR-B, Orator-S with fast, whisper-quiet of to characters characters inch). with the EPSON ESC/P commands the LQ-1500, LQ-800, LQ-1000, LQ-2500, LQ-2500+, LQ-850, LQ-1050, LQ-500, LQ-2550, and SQ-2500 of options with SQ-850 or SQ-2550 information the and of these and (C806081/C806091/C806101/C806111) These and of or to of and the without reloading. Introduction
Tractor Unit (C800032/C800042) The option the performance of It useful when graphics, or Optional Interface Boards of optional interface boards to the built-in and interfaces. choosing the right interface and instructions the boards Chapter Introduction
Chapter the Precautions Unpacking the Checking the the protective the Assembling the the the Testing the Connecting to supply Charging the the Checking the operation Connecting the to The interface The interface Application Software Choosing from the
Precautions the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 the to their and operation. with other of to through this of that the with or If off with If it them with and of and physician. the they the of the reach of its rated to the the that the head the turned off. To the head, the ON LINE to the off The head when the off Then off the the when the or when it the and off when the hand the when the that the head and that the If the (the off with or with the
Unpacking the Checking the the that of the shown below and that optional screw cross-head screwdriver CAUTION: of the The supply type shown the the back of the If the country, EPSON It to the another the
the protective The protected screws, locking and white These protective items the these items, them with the other to the the the and the Press the fits the the
CAUTION: the to the of the with the and the turn off the If to the of the loaded, the the section the Chapter the cover. the white and the sheet the Then the the the
the cross-head screwdriver, the screws and locking as shown below. (SQ-850 screws and locking CAUTION: the screw the of the head. the cover. the
Choosing the There things to when selecting location to the following the the enough to the its to reach. around the to allow easy operation and grounded WARNING: locations that to sunlight, heat, or outlets that switches or timers. of information and memory. outlets the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference such as or the of telephones. the
The below and If to through the of and below to that the right The should to least the of the SQ-850 or the SQ-2550). that the The should If supply below the that there enough clearance to the from catching the of the Also, to that the the enough to the of and interface that they with feeding. If the to the the
Assembling the location to the and the assembling the that protective instructions these below. the To the follow these the of the the the as shown below. the
that the its upright If the slightly the completely and allows easy and (S020002) from EPSON Each SQ enough about or about Quality that the first of the to the On of the that whether the or empty; the when and when (theres and the with this of the of the the section the Chapter information. the
WARNING: and This and with and Please the following with and If immediately with and physician. of from thoroughly with and the If physician. the the of reach of the as follows: the cover once the the three the
WARNING: or the when the the off and the head the of the removing or the the of the with the the as shown the below. Then the the the hear the of the the back of the the
the cover- the
Testing the that assembled, the built-in function to that the correctly though to to this to that and to that the correctly the to to supply, charge the and of Connecting to supply that and the to that the turned off (the the switch should the
the to that the rating the matches that of WARNING: If they match, EPSON without the the to the AC the WARNING: turning the that of the protective Turning the while the head seriously the the
the properly grounded Although the of the with from the shown the connecting the Charging the operating to charge the with You to this when the You to the every the the
charging the that the and the turned off. While holding both the ON LINE and LINE FEED buttons, the This initiates three-minute cleaning and that the operation. this the LCD the displays INK CHARGE and count of the to the the completed, the shows INK CHARGE the
WARNING: the off while the INK CHARGE displayed. the completed. without charging the the Turn off the WARNING: off the least seconds turning it back switching of the and off the completing the charging ready to the the
the The or Quality which as the the of and testing of used. choosing supply, however, should the section Chapter choosing CAUTION: the that least as as inches) SQ-850, or inches) SQ-2550. the that the connected to properly grounded outlet and the turned off. While holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED Quality the The three and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights the
Testing the Press the PAPER SELECT the the the LCD shows Friction. the the the
the right to match the of Next, the Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the the Testing the
Testing the Press the ON LINE to the of first, of characters. The the or the ON LINE If the satisfactory and to the the ON LINE (To the the ON LINE once To clear first the off and the FORM FEED or LINE FEED If to the to clear the to the off first. the
If loaded, the LOAD/EJECT to Then the both the ON LINE and LOAD/EJECT buttons. the Testing the
Testing the of typical and Quality shown below. FONT C LINE SPACING PAGE TRACTER C C AUTO TEAR OFF LEFT MARGIN the
Quality FONT C C PAGE TRACTER PAGE CSF BN1 C SKIP AUTO TEAR OFF LEFT MARGIN the Testing the
Testing the Checking the If the properly, the below. The that to the head and the operation. If turn off the Then the the and The or The INK END light o The "COVER OPEN" the The when the ON LINE The head the The or the to The cover the and Turn off the and the previous section. the FORM FEED or LINE FEED while the The interface connected to to the interface The protective the protective from the to
The head nothing printed. The or the characters or graphics. C The appearance. ABCD If the the correctly, EPSON The with Turn off the and then the while holding both the ON LINE and LINE FEED buttons to the charging to The head clogged. Press the ON LINE to the off Then both the ON LINE and LINE FEED buttons to the head cleaning the type of the of the too rough or too smooth. Although of business with the SQ, should the to it You the of both of to which the the Testing the
Connecting the to SQ-850 or SQ-2550 interface interface and RS-232C interface. If which this information. If shielded should to to immediately. If of the that type of interface, should to of the optional interfaces Chapter The interface the If to the built-in interface, to the SelecType The interface the interface as below. the interface that both the and turned off. the of the securely the WARNING: than interface the This the the
the together they (If these both of the the incorrect.1 If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground of the Connecting the to the
Connecting the to The interface the interface as this section. connecting the interface that both the and turned off. the of the securely the screwdriver to the the screw each of the the
If the screws that with the the screw the interface, to these screw with the optional with the If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the If there ground the of the to the ground of the Connecting the to the
Application Software that and tested should that with the to specify the type of that the of the features. of these or section that of to choose from. Choosing from the family of EPSON commands, the SQ-850 or SQ-2550 its selection If the SQ-850 or SQ-2550 the first from the following The of preference: SQ-2550 SQ-850 LQ-1050 LQ-850 LQ-2550 SQ-2500 LQ-1000 LQ-800 LQ-2500+ LQ-1500 the
If of these listed, the first the following LQ EX FX LX RX MX EPSON To the of the SQ-850 or SQ-2550, however, to with the SQ-850 or SQ-2550 its If the software to information software, Chapter Connecting the to the
Chapter Choosing Loading Continuous Positioning supply Loading Switching Continuous and Switching to sheets Switching back to The thickness
Choosing the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 With that too the slightly, causing characters to with that enough, the too to and smeared easily. The and thickness of the that rough or finish. that too thick or too thin. the section information. the SQ-850 or SQ-2550 without It however, to the Also, should and To supply of from the and the the the chapter and the (You this with You should both of the to which the If the or smear, the should with
of to of inches) the SQ-850 and inches) the SQ-2550. Loading To of follow these Turn the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights and the three
Press the PAPER SELECT the LCD shows the the
the right to match the of of the sheets
Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the If the without the the and firmly; then the LOAD/EJECT
Press the ON LINE to the WARNING: the feeding of or other feeding of the the and tear-off If to the of the loaded, the the section the Chapter than the when reaches the of the this the ON LINE light off or software. If the ON LINE light the first thing should the ON LINE to the off Once the ON LINE light off, the that necessary, the FORM FEED to the and Press the ON LINE to the and follow from software.
Continuous The built the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 easy to and Its low-profile and of to of inches) the SQ-850, and inches) the SQ-2550. Positioning supply smooth and feeding the of supply. Three of and supply shown below. that the supply with the the tractor that the smoothly the
Loading that the turned off. the and off of the Turn the and the PAPER SELECT to the to Tractor Continuous
Release the and right them back. the the and Next, the right to roughly match the of
the to the the covers. Continuous
the first four the the of the the covers.
the first of clean, straight that smoothly the the right to where the straight and and then the the back of the Then the together that they about the of the
Continuous Press the LOAD/EJECT to to the If the LOAD/EJECT when already loaded, the to the Press the ON LINE to the
The this and each to the the the of the the and tear-off If to this the the section the Chapter the and perforation and the the sections and perforation Chapter Continuous
Switching Continuous and with the easily switch to without the from the tractor. Switching to sheets To switch from to sheets, follow the below. the the ON LINE to the off
Tear off sheets or sheets. If the tear-off the FORM FEED to to where If the perforation of the the of the the first the FORM FEED the to the while the turned WARNING: tear off the LOAD/EJECT feeding This and and inches). through the easily off the and the
Press the PAPER SELECT to the the LCD to Friction. The to its The attached to the tractor, the path. the
the the Next, the right to match the of of the
Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the Press the ON LINE to the
Switching back to It easy to switch back to with switching back to that the off Press the PAPER SELECT the shows Tractor. If loaded, it and to the the sheet from the the together that they about the of the that the together.
the slightly and the back of the Press the ON LINE to the
to sheets and of types, including and If graphics, or recommended that the optional to the section Chapter Also, when forms, or that the within the areas. That should that (one-half inch) from of the or information the The thickness thickness that allows to thicker than such as the its or the to its lowered the the off and then off the
the cover. the thickness as
the cover. CAUTION: the to its upright when back to ordinary If to choose the type that mounted with with the tractor. they friction You the that the section this chapter information.
WARNING: through the easily off the and the Also, the tear-off function or the LOAD/EJECT to If become the the to To the from the follow these the
Tear off the of the perforation the tractor. to and humidity, them operating Press the ON LINE to the off Then the FORM FEED to the to the LOAD/EJECT to
You of including or the the of this chapter. Chapter with the to slightly while the LOAD/EJECT
If to the the ON LINE to the off Then the LOAD/EJECT CAUTION: that the within the as shown below.
If the the thickness to the the head the section the thickness and the
Chapter the the The The lights The buttons Other SelecType SelecType SelecType the SelecType the Perforation the Loading Position The the Short Tear-Off What tear-off the tear-off Selecting Character Character Selecting International Character Choosing Character Table the
the The SQ-850 or SQ-2550 of three the (LCD), lights, and the buttons mount buttons and four buttons). The lights and the of the and the of the and The The shows the of the If of the following the shows the SelecType and operation this chapter. PAPER OUT The of NK END The supply or the The C the
The lights POWER READY PAPER OUT (red): INK END (red): ON LINE TEAR OFF On when the turned and supplied. On when the ready to input This light while received. On when the that the of On when the On when the and from the On when tear-off selected. the the
the The buttons ON LINE: FORM FEED: LINE FEED: LOAD/EJECT: the This the line/off the the ON LINE light and the and from the the off this to of or to to the top of the the off this to the or to the continuously. the off this to or the
Press this to FONT: character The selected shown the Pressing this displays the following OCR-B, OCR-H, Orator-S the section this chapter information. the SelecType this to the SelecType as MENU the the
the PITCH: PAPER SELECT: the Press this to the character spacing. You choose or (characters inch) or IS The selected character shown the the section character this chapter information. the SelecType this to the SelecType as MENU the off this to the The selected shown the The selected the following Select CSF or CSF the optional the SelecType this to the SelecType as SELECTION
TEAR OFF: MICRO FEED: Press this to feed the perforation of to the tear-off of the tearing off the this to the to the the tear-off section this chapter information. the SelecType this to the SelecType as SELECTION The to the slightly and the to the slightly backward. This to the top of tear-off or the the
the SelecType: CLEANING: Press both the ON LINE and RESET: LOAD/EJECT buttons the to the This to the section the this chapter information. the Press both the ON LINE and FORM FEED buttons the to the SelecType the SelecType the FONT, PITCH, PAPER SELECT, and TEAR OFF buttons as SelecType buttons. The the SelecType the section SelecType this chapter the off both the ON LINE and LINE FEED buttons the to head cleaning. These buttons to initiate charging
Other features holding the LINE FEED or FORM FEED Quality) while the the The the and operating of the the section testing the Chapter information. holding both the LINE FEED and FORM FEED buttons while the the This allows advanced users to the of the and the section the this chapter the the
SelecType SelecType SelecType the SQ-850 or SQ-2550 to With SelecType every aspect of operation. SelecType to Choose the built-in the with the LCD the without DIP switches SelecType To SelecType both the ON LINE and FORM FEED buttons the You the SelecType these buttons once the SelecType four buttons (FONT, PITCH, PAPER SELECT, and TEAR OFF buttons) to the the MENU items selected the FONT or PITCH and the SELECTION options selected the PAPER SELECT or TEAR OFF the FORM FEED ON LINE
The below. FONT OCR-B, OCR-H, Orator-S 10CPI, 12CPI, 15CPI*, I7CPI, PITCH 20CPI, CPI and/or spacing. such the pitch displayed. LINE SPACING PAGE Tracror* PAGE CSF BN1* PAGE CSF BN2* AUTO TEAR OFF LEFT MARGIN to (SQ-850) RIGHT MARGIN to (SQ-2550) The based pitch of CG TABLE Italic, Graphic, Download 1/6inch, inch to LINE to LINE to LINE The of inch On, On, to (SQ-850) to (SQ-2550) SelecType the
SelecType COUNTRY o PRINT DIR INTERFACE BAUD RATE* PARITY* AUTO LINE FEED C C The SQ with which the the 300BPS, 600BPS, 1200BPS, 2400BPS, 4800BPS, 9600BPS, 19200BPS This option when the INTERFACE option to o This option displayed when the INTERFACE option to
INTERFACE: If interface, to the interface to If optional interface board, that the interface of the type of interface the section interface boards Chapter information. BAUD RATE, PARITY: these the interface. These options SelecType the interface to the and and the and to properly. AUTO LINE FEED: This should its the of every If of the top of each other, then AUTO LINE FEED to On. DC1/DC3: This should its the of these Chapter information. SelecType the
SelecType the SelecType The following the the CG TABLE option, the other options the Press the ON LINE and FORM FEED buttons the to SelecType that the shows FONT the selected the
Press the FONT (or PITCH the the LCD to CG TABLE Italic. Press the PAPER SELECT or TEAR OFF the right of to Graphic. the SelecType
SelecType The SelecType the initialized. the of the with SelecType. The following options this chapter: PAGE LENGTH, SKIP, AUTO TEAR OFF, FONT, PITCH, COUNTRY, and CG TABLE. the To SelecType effective, the to that allows to the without to off the It allows to supply, the head cleaning the SelecType both the ON LINE and LOAD/EJECT buttons the the
You the the software (ESC or turning off the the section Chapter information. SelecType the
The SelecType function to the of with the tractor feeding or the sheet The of inch within of to that the correctly the type of If the the and when the built-in this SelecType to this To the SelecType, follow the the SelecType section earlier this chapter. the
Perforation the SelecType SKIP option, perforation to ON or OFF. If this ON when one-inch the and the the that the the perforation. This top and If to the of the the of and the top of the as shown the following SKIP perforation OFF) the
Perforation SKIP On perforation ON) To perforation to one-inch SelecType, the SKIP option following the the SelecType section earlier this chapter. of top and Therefore, perforation these the
the Loading The Loading The the of the when the The where the each If the too high or too the the using the below. sheets, and the WARNING: the feeding of or other feeding of the while the the and tear-off If to the the this the this and as reference feeding the The the of inch to of the Once to the of the that off or the the the friction or sheet the
the Loading the To the follow these Press the MICRO FEED (the or The shows TOF ADJUST (TOF top of Press the to the or the to the backward. The when the reaches that approximately from the top of the You this as reference when the the
Short Tear-off What tear-off There of operating the tear-off One to the AUTO TEAR OFF option with SelecType. finished and the perforation the top of the the perforation of the to the tear-off of the tear off the the back to the the SelecType section this chapter instructions the AUTO TEAR OFF option. The other of operating the tear-off using the TEAR OFF the to the perforation of to the tear-off of the tearing off the the TEAR OFF to the to the WARNING: the tear-off when that the SelecType AUTO TEAR OFF off. off the and the the
Short Tear-Off The tear-off operated the TEAR OFF below. finished the TEAR OFF once to the perforation of to the tear-off of the Tear off the the tear-off of the the
If the perforation of the the tear-off the tear-off of the with the the Press the TEAR OFF to the to its Short Tear-Off the
Short Tear-Off the tear-off If to the tear-off of the perforation to the tear-off the The of whether the tear-off SelecType or with the TEAR OFF that the TEAR OFF light then the MICRO FEED The shows TEAR OFF ADJUST. the
the tear-off of inch the to feed the or the to backward. CAUTION: The tear-off only with the built-in feeding the TEAR OFF or tearing off the the to the Once the to the tear-off the that turned off. Short Tear-Off the
Selecting of using character character spacings, and other You three software commands, SelecType, or using other the This section to the FONT and PITCH the The these buttons once the turned off. Also, commands from temporarily these Character built-in character To the FONT the shows the the FONT
The following the character each back of What the SANS SERIF o o o o o o o Selecting the
Selecting COURIER o o back of What the PRESTIGE back of What the back What the the
back of What the OCR-B back of What the ORATOR MINIATURE ZEBRAS IN RECENT BACK ISSUE OF C C FOR QUANTITIES OVER ONE GROSS? the Selecting
Selecting ORATOR-S back of What the character high-speed which rough The other Quality (LQ) Quality to characters The of the OCR-A or OCR-B to known as input another The of OCR-A and OCR-B as with other such as and the
Character of the built-in choose character of characters inch or To spacing, the PITCH the shows the spacing. of the offer character spacings. the below. OCR-A OCR-B Orator-S The following the character This This This This This I0, IO, PITCH the
Selecting the pitch and each character amount of spacing, character from character to the than W. The following spacing) with This This spacing. the
Selecting International Character The to international character with of characters and other the SelecType COUNTRY option, of character International character Country ASCII U.S.A. U.K. Norway America To the international character SelecType, the COUNTRY option following the the SelecType section earlier this chapter. 5B 5C 5D 5E 7B 7C 7D 7E the
Choosing Character Table The SelecType CG TABLE the character the EPSON Graphics character or the character (CG Character The EPSON Graphics character graphics characters corners, and international characters, characters, and mathematic If IBM or the EPSON Graphics when to the graphics characters as they the Since the character affects the of the character selected the EPSON Graphics character To the characters that previously., the character Also, the software command to the ESC and ESC commands the information character the
of the characters and the EPSON Graphics characters shown below. Italics EPSON Graphics To the character EPSON Graphics character or Download character SelecType, the CG TABLE option following the the SelecType section earlier this chapter. Choosing Character the
to easy users to the of the and of the reaching the produced. To the the FORM FEED and LINE FEED the while the the FORM FEED LINE FEED
or written the to the as shown below. To off the the ON LINE to the off and then off the (The INIT from the the
the shown the characters the right with the of what to the If characters they appear as their ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as of to the first three the third of the Each while the the T. the third of the right and the preceded The chart below of the first of Command Function 1B ESC 1B ESC R0 Select USA character 1B ESC Select EPSON Graphics character 1B ESC characters DC2 ESC 1O 1B ESC the
Software and Graphics Enhancing Character Character and Selecting with Select Graphics The head The graphics reservation graphics hand-calculated to graphics graphics option commands The reassigning command Characters characters characters information to characters Copying ROM characters to RAM Quality characters Software and Graphics
You of with the SQ-850 or SQ-2550, from the of characters inch to or to selected and phrases. This section of the to with software. software of these features, the instructions or their commands the Command Summary Chapter Character To to the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 pitches as as spacing. selected with software command, or SelecType or of the built-in choose character of or characters inch or spacing. The below the pitches. shown characters only about two-thirds the height of and characters. This when to from the Software and Graphics This This This This This
and each character the amount of The of spacing, however, from character to character. Therefore, than W. The of each character the The following with spacing. Character to the pitches and spacing, the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 offer three other that the of These double-width, double-height, and condensed. Double-width and double-height The double-width the of character, while the double-height the height of character. These headings reports and displays, amounts of These to This o This double-height, This double-width and double-height. This This spacing. Software and Graphics Enhancing
Enhancing Both and reduced to about of their using the This spreadsheets because allows to to characters 13.6-inch selected with software command. characters or the characters or the and usually to the of characters to the and condensed. and The SQ-850 and SQ-2550 of features those or These directly software commands. these effects. to Software and Graphics
Emphasized and Emphasized and the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 each character as the head the with the character offset slightly to the right of the first. This characters. the head each the text and combined. The following the both and This ROMAN This ROMAN, emphasized. This ROMAN, This ROMAN, with both. You the character SelecType or the using the ESC software command. of shown below. This ROMAN This ROMAN Software and Graphics
strike-through, and The strike-through, and highlighting selected This to and without You choose from of including: or to of these features. If this the the ESC Chapter information. o o o o and and footnote and mathematical formulas. The below shows and combined mathematical and The and features and to text that to such as headings. The following the and individually, of with Software and Graphics
Selecting with Select Select that allows to choose of emphasized, double-width, and information to to The of the Select shown below: ASCII ESC 1B The that the or of To the of the below to the or the double-width Hex. Software and Graphics
to title, to double-width characters and them You would three together to the of Double-width the of would the Select to the to the ASCII ESC 1B The and separately, using SelecType or the ESC and ESC commands. There things to when the Select command: Select of the features that to already character other than and Select to the character to and Software and Graphics
Graphics The graphics allows to charts, or other graphics think of. software graphics, to and the this and the software instructions. The and to graphics to graphics With such usually and then command to the to the If software that graphics, to know about graphics to the software. If, the other hand, to or to the graphics, Software and Graphics
Graphics The head To graphics to know about head The head. On the SQ, these the to to the to of the head the the fire to numbers, or the each other both and the Quality it to Instead, the and to of the to vertically, the the head than the of the the of that the that of Software and Graphics o o
head to graphics as as text graphic the about the that newspapers and printed. If closely newspaper photograph, that of its with of as as inch and vertically. The the therefore, as finely as the the of this section. graphics that with the written such such as the EPSON FX, RX, LX, and EX the graphics with Although this third of the graphics and allows to the written graphics. Twenty-four-element graphics The graphics that of the head graphics. It this with of them, to inch the head the every of inch instructions about which of its to fire. At each fire of from to This that the of information each it Since the of information its with three of information each Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics the To the which to fire each first each of the three sections of each and each section Since there of the each section, that allows to to specify which of the This shown below: To fire its To fire than the the of the and the to the With these the fire the top To fire the If to fire only the top and and then the together, fire of Shown below three of to the that fire of Software and Graphics
With this of the to and and duplicated. Since there each each of the three sections each this of and graphics inch, of graphics inch numbers. Fortunately, software the these graphics however, to know the of the graphics command. The graphics The graphics from the other commands the of the other such as and double-width, the and another off. graphics, the command the that graphics the this the as and them the that allows to of the graphics The of the ESC Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics this command, selects the graphics option and and the of to graphics. The graphics options below. Option High-speed CRT CRT II CRT III Hex-density* this reservation The graphics than to to thousands of the than Therefore, the graphics To and the of The the the numbers, supply than the of and Software and Graphics
to of graphics should and should The the of and as graphics what they This that to supply enough of graphics or the and and to locked. If, the other hand, supply too graphics the and as graphics This first to the graphics command, reservation numbers, and BASIC and the following to include both The the below WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(32)CHR$ FOR X=1 TO LPRINT CHR$(170); NEXT selects graphics and graphics. Since graphics three of each to of the which the first shown the section and finishes the (40)CHR$ Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics hand-calculated to graphics With what know the of graphics hand-calculated to graphic While this the tedious, graphics. Also, graphic that The below shows to where to printed. This of graphics each of graphics of inch high and graphics inch horizontally, this about of inch high and than of inch The that the the of of that each other both vertically and The reason the each that using of the the they cover each other. Therefore, that each the of and the actually each other. Software and Graphics
the assigned of the to and then the each of These the that to the as graphics to the shown the three sections to At the of each section the of each the of the that section. This of to this Software and Graphics Graphics
Graphics the BASIC that the shown the Notice that the the that the that the WIDTH IBM PC BASIC; the WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(39)CHR$(42)CHR$(0); FOR X=1 TO READ LPRINT CHR$(N); NEXT LPRINT DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA this assigns the graphics option triple-density) with the of of bytes) each the that below. Notice that the This the graphics option the the to the inch both Software and Graphics
the following to the the to as shown below. FOR TO RESTORE NEXT C graphics option commands previously mentioned, to commands that EPSON FX, RX, LX, and EX There four graphics option commands that the as the ESC command, each graphics option. these commands graphics that these commands than the ESC because they to graphics option. They shown below: Command Function ESC ESC ESC Software and Graphics ESC Format ESC Graphics
Graphics The reassigning The SQ that allows to the graphics option assigned to of the four graphics options commands. The this: The the that to the assignment (K, L, Y, or Z) and the of the graphics option that to assign to to the ESC to the CRT graphics option, the command BASIC This to the aspect ratio of the that the graphics option the without the height. You should, however, this with If of the graphics options to graphics option without the that the graphics the the graphics options three as graphics as the graphics Software and Graphics LPRINT CHR$(27>;?;K;CHR(4) ESC
Characters With this to and characters of You or typeface, characters such as mathematical or or graphic with characters to as building Below of typefaces created with the character function. You the of characters using software that creating characters or with of characters already created. Also, software of the character function to (These characters characters The characters the Memory (ROM), and the characters the Access Memory (RAM). characters characters graphics the instructions where each printed. fact, character graphics Software and Graphics
Characters To character that high each head. The of the character the character characters, the Quality and characters with the both Quality and spaced closely together than those The below shows height characters and characters. The the height the top of and the the those with (the of such as and The The the right Quality or characters. Quality the Software and Graphics
There characters. the That there to the and to the right of each that This Quality, and characters The first characters to the as them to The the the graphics section, to each the below, with character the created to the information to Every assigned Each which of first three of Each of which consists of Hence, Software and Graphics Characters
Characters The within each of and the of the that the (which of the top and the least (which of the The shows to this to the the character. On the of the the the The of each the of the where appear. The right of the shows the whole character with the three each indicated the This the this written BASIC and everyone with The to however, that with Software and Graphics
to character and the to The character to this information to the information to The characters the Quality, or that the currently It records whether or or turned This that to character the the turned when the character. The to characters of the its The of the command this: The ESC enough. The (which ASCII the allows At this ASCII With characters with command. The and the ASCII of the first and characters If only character, and the You and and to to which the Also, instead of ASCII and ESC Software and Graphics Characters
Characters to specify and If, instance, to the characters through Z, (or ASCII and would (or ASCII the command ESC AZ the the of Following the of the of characters to this three that the of the character and the around The specified and the right specified The the of of that to the character. the of the character and the around proportional-width characters that The below shows the these bytes. Quality Quality The of the character the that the each character. three to the of of to follow character should this clear: LPRINT CHR$(27)"X0" LPRINT CHR$(27)"&"CHR$(0); LPRINT LPRINT CHRS(1)CHRS(9)CHRS(1); FOR I=1 TO Software and Graphics
READ A: LPRINT CHR$(A); NEXT LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT CHR$(27)"%"CHR$(~); LPRINT END DATA DATA DATA the ESC selects The character The and the of characters this of and The information about the character which the the of the to the the and Quality or characters BASIC, WIDTH to and from with characters If the arrow and the RAM location ASCII the You three-line of The first and third and of the the the the arrow that Software and Graphics Characters
Characters the to the below: both of characters (the ROM characters that the normally and the character the The to switch the and It If to the ROM character selected (this the If to the character selected. If the character characters, the and the ROM characters You switch character the of To try the of and the Copying ROM characters to RAM the the character and to other characters, the that the arrow. Since other characters the RAM nothing Other characters to the as as they to of the characters to the of the alphabet as to switch back and forth the character and the character It however, rather Software and Graphics ESC
Therefore, which allows to of the characters from ROM to the character The as follows, where the of the family: This command characters created. You this command to the characters. If this command the of then characters and the character with the as character to switch back and forth Quality characters If Quality with the ESC command, characters using to of the Quality/Proportional The spaced together than (the of inch as to of inch characters). characters Selecting the character characters of the highest Characters using of the Quality/Proportional ESC: Software and Graphics Characters
Characters that Quality and as There to the and right of each that and You and characters. as Quality characters when the Quality selected, characters created when or selected. These characters as or as The characters exactly the their that The characters and characters that they They of high and their shown the below: Quality Software and Graphics
Since characters they as information when them. characters, of each of these characters shown the below. Software and Graphics Characters
Characters Mixing of the three character Quality, and with of instance, with characters. The characters to this Mixing the of character If, and characters, then and the first character destroyed. type of character RAM If characters then switch to another and the character the effective and the character ROM printed. The character however, unaffected. If switch back to the which they then and them. that characters RAM, which Whenever the turned off, or the with the INIT the characters this each BASIC loaded.) ESC however, characters. Software and Graphics
The Testing the the Loading the Switching the and insertion Removing the The Tractor the tractor Interface Boards Choosing interface Compatible interfaces the interface The interface
The Sheet The optional and of SQ-850 C806081 C806091 SQ-2550 C806101 C806111 You the without to of each and whenever required. the following the instructions its accompanying The the following of the C806111 with the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 and the that the turned off. Then, the and the cover.
If to switch and as the assembled both and its notches the of the Then the the the cover. The
The which sheet (CSF) select, the the The CSF (the front the following (The C806081 and C806101 the the shown the below. the right to roughly match the of
the and right of the selected the and to allow Then the the of and Next, the to the The
The Sheet
Turn the Press the ON LINE to the off Press the PAPER SELECT to the the LCD to CSF Press the PAPER SELECT to CSF If loaded, the The
The Testing the the the the counts the of the and this the of the first as shown the The of counted the becomes the This however, SelecType or software commands. The the the as when the off. of the selected of the and that the turned off. While holding the LINE FEED or FORM FEED (LQ the
The following shows of the the first of the The of the to the Chapter The the or the ON LINE To the the ON LINE The
The Sheet To the the ON LINE once To the loaded, the FORM FEED to Then, off the Loading the as CAUTION: the C806091 or C806111 to them that CSF selected select, then the the the below. S-10
of the right to match the the and right and the they The
The of and then the the the to front (You to the the section information.) Press the LOAD/EJECT to Then the ON LINE to
the the that the ON LINE light the of whenever character or feeding to the as that the earlier this chapter the first the and whenever to the the PAPER OUT light off while the of the the selected empty, the off and the PAPER OUT light To then the ON LINE If off or the To the from the when the that the off LINE FEED: Press this to the or to the continuously. The
The FORM FEED: LOAD/EJECT: Software operation The following commands the to the the without the FF: ESC EM R: Ejects the The ESC EM command software command to the of the information about this command, the summary of commands Chapter there the and to manually, this to the that when there the this to the without the there the and to manually, this to the that when there the this to the without the
If the reaches the of the when of the following feeding commands used, the the and the loaded. LF: VT: Feed; the the to the ESC J: of inch Software while the off that the to the software commands. Switching the and The SQ-850 and SQ-2550 allow to easily switch the and the feeding without to the or the supply. that the loaded, then the to the The
The To switch from to the PAPER SELECT the shows Tractor. to its Press the ON LINE to the
If to the tear-off tear off the perforation of the the the section tear-off information. WARNING: to when the To clear the of to the front cover. To this, first the cover and then the cover. Clear the and then the cover. the with this cover sheet insertion sheet This allows to switch to type or of without the supply of already using this that the selected with select. The
The the with the the front of the cover; then the the feed Press the LOAD/EJECT to the (If than the from the supply.) Press the ON LINE the
Removing the the the the back section of the to release its notches from the and off the The
The the to the its and
The Tractor The optional tractor (C800032 the SQ-850 and C800042 the SQ-2550) The and of the recommended the highest graphics. the with the built-in tractor, as this section. the and the cover.
The Tractor the built-in tractor as to the section Chapter the
the with the to the right, the notches the mounting the the front the front The Tractor
The Tractor the the and the cover. CAUTION: the to feed the while the turned If to the to the Chapter with the tractor, that the tractor and then follow these CAUTION: The tear-off function with the tractor, that the AUTO TEAR OFF
the the shows Tractor and the the tractor. the to off Then the FORM FEED to the that the the tractor. The Tractor
The Tractor Release the and the to match the of the Then the that they the the tractors covers.
the the the the tractor and the covers. that the crooked or and the The Tractor
The Tractor Press the tractor and slightly to from the the with the tractor Press the ON LINE to the
the the turned off, then the the cover and the The Tractor
The Tractor Press the the tractor. Then the tractor back and off the the back and the cover. the tractor, to the its and
Interface Boards There of optional interfaces that to the of built-in and interfaces. Choosing interface The following information should of the features these optional interface boards. Optional interfaces The IEEE-488 interface, which offers trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the that they freely. interfaces, which necessary with interface or interface that to the instead of the RS-232C. the interface boards user rates and These interfaces offer of the following features: X-on/X-off and that increase the capacity. If whether optional interface, or would to know about interfaces, with EPSON Compatible interfaces The following of EPSON interfaces that with the SQ-850 and SQ-2550 that of these interfaces
Interface Boards Interface New interface interface IEEE-488 interface Coax interface interface EPSON interfaces the EPSON them. If the with and should to of the the the DIP switch and the interface board to the instructions and interface the board. the interface The optional interface boards easy to and the cross-head screwdriver. Turn off and Then the interface from the and the
Removing the interface board cover the from the Then the from the rear of the WARNING: High the when the NEVER to or interface board without first turning off the and from the Also, try to the board of the of the the electricity that Interface Boards
Interface
the board There basic interface which with to the ground (FG) attached. This the of the interface If the FG attached to the interface board, the of the the FG located the board. Interface Boards
Interface Boards the shield the interface the located the back of the the interface the as shown below, the board catch of the wires the
the the optional interface board with the the board; then the the the with three of the screws provided. Interface Boards
Interface Boards the FG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the ground beneath the interface the interface board cover and with the screw.
WARNING: the from the built-in or interface the interface board, to SelecType to the INTERFACE option to the SelecType section Chapter This the interface the board the The interface board If optional interface, to the of the or the that they properly. should the information optional interface or to match the with the interface. If using the optional board with the SQ that through the section below selection. You to to the sections and interface information to the SQ other such as or the information the with optional interface. Interface Boards
Interface Boards selection You from the following or (BPS). the the selection below. the the input to bytes, the X-off or the DTR to (MARK) indicating that Once the the recovers to bytes, the or the DTR to (SPACE) indicating that ready to detected, other including and ingnored.
Cleaning the Cleaning the Head the Cartridge Transporting the
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly Turn off the and the or tractor, to and
If the outer cover or or them with clean cloth with the cover to from the WARNING: or thinners to clean the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the EPSON think Cleaning the
Cleaning the Head If should the built-in cleaning function. To operation, should the ON LINE and LINE FEED buttons becomes The cleaning that the properly. To the cleaning follow these Turn the and the ON LINE to the off
Press both the ON LINE and LINE FEED buttons to the head cleaning The shows CLEANING about seconds. the cleaning finished, the ON LINE to the and Cleaning the Head
the Cartridge the INK END light that there the The however, to completely of How this what Once the completely empty, the INK END displayed and the off The back the replaced. Also, off the when the INK END light the The INK END light whenever the the with the SO20002 EPSON the WARNING and This and with and Please the following with and If immediately with and physician. of from thoroughly with and If physician. the the of reach of
Follow these to the the cover located the front of the once the the three Then the from the On of the that whether the or empty. with this to the of the immediately the Cartridge
the Cartridge the of the with the the as shown below. Gently the the the the cover as shown below and the ON LINE to the and
Transporting the If to the the and CAUTION: the tation, the PAPER SELECT the shows Tractor. and then follow the below. the off turning off that the properly capped. the optional or tractor, installed. Chapter option instructions.) the from the then the interface and from the Next, the
the the and the straight of the the and Then the cover. the rotating the
the cover and the then the white the and as shown below. the cover. Then the the its and
Chapter Troubleshooting and Supply Troubleshooting
and This chapter while operating and their If the first the the below and to the the supply to supplied. to The or to The or to The what expected. The of the what to expected. sheets properly. to properly. to the the preperly. to the with the tractor, to properly. optional interface, the to properly. Troubleshooting
to the The POWER light The POWER light and then off. The light off when the switched off and The to completely the Turn off the and the the and the to The switch off. Turn the switch. The with the that the such as switch. to to the another to the to whether the outlet operating properly. The that the of outlet matches the rating indicated the the back of the If the match, the and EPSON immediately. the to to Troubleshooting
The or The ON LINE light nothing printed. The ON LINE light off (the off Troubleshooting The software properly (or to the then the correctly. The interface securely. both of the the and the If interface, the using the You the interface interface the specifications the and the to The off and the the If the ON LINE once to the (the ON LINE light to
The PAPER OUT light The INK END light The COVER OPEN" the The the sounds, and the abruptly. The head nothing printed. The of the to The too to the right. If this the the the the to the the PAPER OUT light The or the to The cover the cover and This operation. Turn off the or other then the back If the correctly, EPSON The with Turn off the and then turn the while holding both the ON LINE and LINE FEED to the charging to Troubleshooting
The or the characters or graphics. C The or too The appearance. ABCD Troubleshooting The head clogged. Press the ON LINE to the off Then both the ON LINE and LINE FEED buttons to the head cleaning You to this than once. If cleaning the head the head The the head and the correct. the the and head the thickness to You using the type of the of the too rough or too smooth. Although of business with the SQ, should the to You the of both of to which the
The what expected. The or characters that software printed. The of characters. characters instead of the selected graphic characters. The software correctly the (or to the then as and the correctly. that the interface and that the correct. information. You to the from the of the reaching the produced.) The character selected. If of the EPSON Graphics character ESC If the CG TABLE option of SelecType to Graphic. to Troubleshooting
The what expected. (continued) Graphic characters instead of the selected characters. Characters to the selected international character printed. The character or character selected SelecType printed. Troubleshooting The character selected. If of the character ESC If the CG TABLE option of SelecType to Italic. to The international character selected. If of specify the international character ESC If using the COUNTRY option of SelecType to the character to software SelecType the (or to the then the correctly.
The characters than expected. The with SelecType initialized. the the SelecType and then both the ON LINE and LOAD/EJECT buttons trying to New the the or turning the off and to The If of the the DC2 to the to Troubleshooting
The of the what expected. Text the Text with Text with the to off. too high or too the Troubleshooting feed the of each of the AUTO LINE FEED SelecType, and to to the AUTO LINE FEED SelecType and to off. to interface correctly. the AUTO FEED XT of interface. The incorrctly. to the to If the the top software necessary.
The of the what expected. correct. One of software incorrectly. (or to the the If of the commands The Command Summary. The correctly. to the If allow the and right the ESC and ESC commands. to If BASIC, of the following WIDTH LPRINT WIDTH LPTI Troubleshooting
appear the perforation the perforation the of the graphics to the from the the and ASCII characters. Troubleshooting The perforation with SelecType. SelecType and off the perforation to The correctly. the with software You the ESC C or ESC C command to the length. The of the too high or too the to the that the perforation within the the top and If this the SelecType to off perforation bidirectional of the with SelecType or the ESC to the Unidirectional increases reduces slightly. to
The following section through sheets and If the optional or the tractor, to the section sheets properly. The LOAD/EJECT buttons pressed, the and You tring to feed of the while the (ON LINE light Press the ON LINE once to the off then feed the feeding the the ON LINE to the to The too to the right. If this the the the the to its and the the to Troubleshooting
sheets feed properly. The LOAD/EJECT and the rotated, feed. Troubleshooting The and right too together, the from feeding smoothly. the of the that the and freely. to The the path. feeding thicker than lightly the while the LOAD/EJECT to Friction. that the the shows Friction. If the off and the PAPER SELECT the Friction displayed the The of the trying to the specified of the that the that within the specified
The feed crooked. The The attached or the the its upright to The and right too the to match the of You trying to the using the FORM FEED The the FORM FEED the LOAD/EJECT to the Troubleshooting
Continuous feed properly. The LOAD/EJECT and the rotated, feed. The crooked or the Troubleshooting to Tractor. the off and the PAPER SELECT the shows Tractor. to The correctly the tractor. the to the tractor. The the upright that the lowered that as to The caught the using that the closed and the the of the to The of the Reposition the the to
The of the match the of the the right to the to The or the covers the to match the of then them the to Something supply. that the feed smoothly the to The of supply from feeding straight the the of incoming and outgoing that the straight. to The supply of too from the the supply that than to Troubleshooting
Continuous feed properly. appear the perforation the perforation the of the Troubleshooting You the LOAD/EJECT with already the Pressing the LOAD/EJECT with already the the to ejected. If this the LOAD/EJECT once to the to The perforation with SelecType. SelecType and off the perforation to The correctly. the with software You the ESC C or ESC C to specify the length. The of the too high or too the to the that the perforation within the
The of the shifts slightly while the automatically. The tear-off properly. the top and If this the SelecType to turn off perforation The trying to too heavy the built-in tractor. highly feeding necessary, such as when recommended that the optional tractor. The tear-off function selected. the to its If this function, SelecType to off. to The AUTO TEAR OFF option the AUTO TEAR OFF SelecType. to of the the printed. The tear-off the of the the and the the top of If tear-off when AUTO TEAR OFF FF command) to the to Troubleshooting
feed properly. The LOAD/EJECT to the the or Troubleshooting You to back too the the to
the the feed properly. The LOAD/EJECT pressed, the and the feed. from the the and the feed. The to the from the to the (CSF the the or CSF If rotates, feed. that the The PAPER OUT light the to You the LOAD/EJECT while the the off feeding the when the from the while the The off Press the ON LINE to the Troubleshooting
the the feed properly. (continued) The incorrectly the and the that the mounting notches properly mated with the the to Troubleshooting The of the The of the back. of the to the back. to The the correctly. the they The and right too together and the from feeding smoothly. the of the that the and freely. to
There too sheets of or the the sheet The of of of the sheets. to The or creased. The feed and of crooked. The You to the the manually and the to the The of sufficiently. of to sufficiently and the of the to You using the to that within the specified to Troubleshooting
the with the tractor, properly. The FORM FEED or LINE FEED pressed, the feed crooked or the Troubleshooting The the buttons to feed the the off (ON LINE light Something supply. that the smoothly the to The supply of too from the the that than to The and both tractors and The the of the to the of the and rotating the the right of the tractor. to
Several of the perforation the shifted from the perforation, or the perforation the of the the automatically. LOAD/EJECT to the off the You the to the within the specified to perforation Turn off the perforation SelecType. to The of the incorrectly. the correctly the Selectype. You the ESC C or ESC C to specify the length. The of the too high or too the to the that the perforation within the The tear-off function selected. The tear-off function with the tractor. SelecType to off this function. to the to Tractor, the to using the tractor, the FORM FEED the to Troubleshooting
optional interface, the properly. The or the what expected. Troubleshooting The interface correctly. Turn off the and that the interface correctly the the board. You the interface. the specifications to that the interface with this The DIP switches or the interface board the interface the the however, the turned off and the The interface correctly to with the the The and interface match. to match the each
If the properly the of the interface to that there on-board If abnormality found, Troubleshooting
Chapter Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications interface interface Specifications Technical Specifications
below. Quality Characters inch Characters/second/line Quality Bidirectional both text and graphic Unidirectional through SelecType or software command. l/6-inch, or spacing: of 1/60th, 1/18Oth or of inch. below. Printable Character IO IO double-width double-width double-width character) character) Specifications characters W-850 SQ-2550
8K Character (characters inch) Font EPSON EPSON IO, EPSON EPSON 1O, EPSON EPSON IO, EPSON OCR-A IO, EPSON OCR-B EPSON EPSON Orator-S Character sheets ASCII characters. international character EPSON Graphics characters Friction feed tractor (optional) (optional) (optional) SQ-850 to to inches) to to inches) Technical Specifications SQ-2550 to to inches) to to inches)
Envelope length: Printable Technical Specifications inches inches) inches inches) inches) inches) inches) to to inches) or or or or
Continuous or SQ-850 to to to to or or or or or Envelope Approximately inch feed spacing; Technical Specifications
sheets thickness: to to inches) Continuous to to inches) Envelope to to inches) inches) Mechanical of Cartridge: cleaning operations) characters Quality: characters and type Black to the SQ-850/2550 (SO20002) to years from to 40C to 65C Transit (within hours 65C) (within month 40C) Technical Specifications
WARNING and This and with and Please the following with and Should immediately with and physician. of from thoroughly with and the If physician. the of reach of MCBF: head: MTBF: hours SQ-850 duty) SQ-2550 hours head life: SQ-850 SQ-2550 Technical Specifications
Insulation AC and shassis): Humidity: Technical Specifications 120V AC (120V 220V AC (220V 240V AC (240V 35W AC and chassis. withstand withstand Operation: Operation: 5C to 35C -30C to 40C -30C to 65C (with (within hours 65C) (within month 40C) to without to without
to within Operation: to within to to Operation: to to Technical Specifications
Interface Specifications interface with both and interface. Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following Direction ACKNLG OUT About LOW that and that the ready to BUSY OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following off PE HIGH that the of Technical Specifications STROBE IN DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA to through 3.3K SLCT OUT STROBE to than the IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN These information of the to of respectively. Each HIGH when and LOW when OUT
ERROR OUT This becomes LOW when the off The SLCT IN IN when this HIGH. (The achieved SelecType.) GND NC to its and the cleared. This usually HIGH; its than the as Unused. OUT to +5V through 3.3K Specifications LOW, the
The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and the of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW.) Interface The below shows the the interface. Specifications
and The below shows the relationship or the line/off the (SLCT IN), and the of on/off characters, DC1 /DC3. ON LINE SLCT IN ERROR BUSY ACKNLG (Disabled, on/off High High/Low cond.) High High High/Low DC1 High DC3 High High/Low Disabled* off High/Low High While characters and acknowledged that the another DC1 character, which allows to when the SelecType On. interface The built-in interface RS-232C interface with the following characteristics: length: Parity Stop or or second. Technical Specifications
3V to 27V +3V to +27V DTR or X-on/X-off. The DTR to meaning the ready to when the of the input to The to that the ready when the of the input to character detected. other Connector D-SUB the below, the of to the RXD SG ground FG chassis ground Other used. Technical Specifications TXD X-on/X-off DIR Whether or the ready to
Specifications and weight: C80608 C806091 C806101 C806111 mounting the capacity: thickness should only to capacity: Envelope: to type and Hight Envelope*: to of to sheets of thickness should to and type) to to of to of Technical Specifications
MCBF (Mean Realiability: +5C to +35C Operation: -30C to +7OC Operation: to without to (with to without to (with C806081 to C806091 to to C806101 to to C806111 to to to to to Thickness to to to to to to Technical Specifications Envelope and to to
Printable Humidity: to Technical Specifications
There four that the to of the turned the &Software the ESC Software the command. These four of slightly effects. ESC the clear the input or clear the character Technical Specifications INIT the interface LOW). both the ON LINE and LOAD/EJECT the
The below shows the that become when the turned Item Top of and right VFU Font selection Justification Character characters Graphic assignment when the turning its INIT or the with buttons, the cleared of text to. SelecType SelecType Cleared Every characters SelecType SelecType Hardware: Cleared Software: Deselected only ESC ESC 0,&C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Technical Specifications
Command Summary the Command Summary chart Commands Topic MSB Motion Motion and Character Word Processing Character Characters Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary This chapter and the commands The first of this chapter commands and the where each If which the to the of the where The Reference Card the of this of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The of this chapter and each the commands the following Word motion Character characters motion Graphics and character command section and section. The section the ASCII, and this command. The section the of the and information using The section includes: ASCII: the ASCII characters the the Summary
three and should easy to the to instance, BASIC might to the first and might the second, and would the third such as and The the section. to commands to the the chart information. The type of consists of character to the instance, to the The ASCII SI More commands of or character to the ASCII ESC 1B this (ON) or (OFF), to or To ON from BASIC, the command LPRINT the following commands that or the the ASCII and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC ESC and ESC the Command Summary Command Summary
BASIC double-width with of these LPRINT ASCII LPRINT ASCII character These BASIC commands to the commands below: ESC SO or ESC chart through The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the the other Also, of these Hex. OA OB OC OD Summary C Hex. OE OF 1A 1B
Commands The following shows and ESC (with their and and the where the command found. ASCII Hex. BEL BS HT LF OA VT OB FF OC CR OD OE SO SI DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 CAN DEL ESC SO 7F ESC SI ESC EM ESC SP ESC! ESC ESC ESC ESC Backspace Select Double-width Select Select Double-width Character Select Double-width Select Intercharacter Select MSB Position Select Characters OF OE OF Command Summary
Commands ASCII Hex. ESC ESC 2A ESC 2B ESC 2D 2F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 3A ESC 3C ESC 3D 3E ESC ESC 3F ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 4A ESC 4B ESC 4C Summary Select Graphics n/360-inch Spacing Turn On/Off Select Select /&inch Spacing Select Spacing n/180-inch Spacing Select Printable Characters Copy ROM RAM Select Unidirectional MSB to MSB to Reassign Graphics n/GO-inch Spacing Length Select Emphasized Emphasized Select n/180-inch Select Graphics Select Graphics
ASCII Hex. ESC 4D ESC 4E ESC 4F ESC I ESC ESC ESC SO ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 5A ESC 5C ESC ESC ESC ESC 6B ESC 6C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Select Perforation Perforation Select Right Margin Select International Character Select Select Turn Unidirectional On/Off Turn Double-width On/Off Select High-speed Graphics Select Graphics Relative Select Justification Select Select Family Margin Turn On/Off Select Character Select Character Table Turn Double-height On/Off Select Quality or Commands Topic Command Summary
Topic The following section and the commands topic. the Reference Card the of the the of the commands topic. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the and clears the the command. Chapter DC1 Format: ASCII DC1 the to the selected the (DC3). the switched off the ON LINE The selected SelecType Summary
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the the received. The reselected with the ON LINE If the selected SelecType, this Character DEL Format: ASCII DEL 7F the character the ESC Select Unidirectional Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3C normally bidirectional. This command selects only. (It The head to the (home) and from to right. Command Summary
Commands Topic Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following turned ON. OFF. normally bidirectional. This selects positioning text This SelecType. ESC EM Format: ESC EM ASCII The following Loads from from R: Ejects loaded). The should the It other than or The ON/OFF of the and the selection of or selected the PAPER SELECT Summary
MSB MSB the MSB (ESC ESC and ESC graphics or characters. ESC MSB to Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3D the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics printed. ESC this ESC MSB to Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3E the MSB of to ESC MSB Format: ASCII ESC 1B the MSB ESC or ESC Commands Topic Command Summary
BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the C CR Format: ASCII CR OD Prints the the and the to the the AUTO FEED XT the interface LOW. This the SelecType AUTO LINE FEED CAN Format: ASCII CAN text the Summary
Motion FF Format: ASCII FF OC Prints the the and the to the top of the to the length. with ESC C. the FF ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C the to the The of from The top of to the the SelecType C C o C Command Summary
Commands Topic ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to inches. The of froml-22. The top of to the the SelecType PAGE TRACTOR, PAGE CSF BN1 or PAGE CSF BN2 ESC Perforation Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4E The the of the and the first the with the (l/6-inch) and ESC and then This ESC ESC C or ESC C The of from the SelecType SKIP Summary
Perforation ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4F the perforation ESC N. the SelecType SKIP LF Format: ASCII LF 0A this received, the the and the the spacing. Select /S-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character and the SelecType LINE SPACING Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The the character and This the the SelecType LINE SPACING n/180-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC the to of inch commands. The the character three and The of from O-255. ESC n/360-inch Spacing Format: ASCII ESC the to of inch feed commands. The of from O-255. Summary
n/60-inch Spacing ESC Format: C o C the to of inch feed commands. The of from O-85. n/180-inch ESC Format: C o C 1B 4A Advances the of inch. The of from O-255. This and Vertically VT Format: ASCII VT 0B Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If the Command Summary
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B to the spacing. affected spacing. The as from The character the of the command. ESC ESC clears the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which O-7. Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC This to the with the of from VT commands the selected this command. Motion Margin ESC Format: ASCII ESC C the to the character the treated as This clears and characters the lowercase (as the The the the of double-width character. This SelecType. the SelecType LEFT MARGIN Commands Topic Command Summary
Right Margin ESC Format: ASCII ESC the right to the character the treated as This clears and characters the The the the of double-width character. the SelecType RIGHT MARGIN Backspace BS Format: ASCII BS Prints the then the to the Backspacing to, beyond, the BS with the ESC command. Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This the from the that characters to printed, this of of inch. The and the previous effective the specified the right ESC Relative Format: ASCII ESC C the to the which of following To and first the If the to the from the this of The would the the of inch and of inch Quality or Command Summary
Commands Topic HT Format: ASCII HT Advances the to the The of characters the currently selected character spacing. affected character spacing. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This command allows of to which as (from with the character terminating the command. The ESC clears The or ESC every characters. The the character and the of characters the Summary
Select Quality or ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following Selects the Selects the Quality (LQ) the SelecType and Family ESC Format: ASCII ESC This affects the Quality If the the used. To of the other the family of the shown the to choose the Commands Topic Command Summary
The following OCR-B OCR-A Orator-S the SelecType FONT and ESC Format: ASCII ESC Selects of the following condensed, emphasized, double-width, and to the section selecting with Select Chapter Summary
and Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects characters inch). the pitch, this normally to or the SelecType PITCH and ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4D Selects characters inch). the SelecType PITCH and ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects characters inch), and or combined with condensed. the SelecType PITCH and Command Summary Select Select Select
Commands Topic Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following turned ON. turned OFF. The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. The the character which appear A. the SelecType PITCH and SI Format: ASCII SI 0F Prints characters about of their the characters inch. The condensed. the SelecType PITCH and Summary
Select ESC SI Format: ASCII ESC SI 1B OF the SI and the function of SelecType and DC2 Format: ASCII DC2 SI, ESC SI or the SelecType and Select Double-width Format: ASCII SO 0E Double-width the of characters. This or DC4. ESC SO this command. Command Summary
Commands Topic Select Double-width ESC SO Format: ASCII ESC SO 1B 0E the SO command. DC4 Format: ASCII DC4 double-width selected SO or ESC SO, double-width selected ESC or ESC ESC Turn Double-width On/Off Format: C o C The following turned ON. turned OFF. Double-width the of characters. Summary Double-width
Turn Double-height On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following turned ON. turned OFF. Double-height the height of characters. Select Emphasized ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B text each ESC Emphasized Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC E. Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B text each ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC G. Select ESC SO Format: ASCII ESC Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the of the character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B or Turn On/Off ESC Format: C o C 1B 2D The following turned ON. turned OFF. This including Commands Topic Command Summary
Select Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following Select Select Select Select with This characters, with the of character B0H to DFH, F4H, and F5H the EPSON Graphics character Summary
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2D or ASCII characters. the following the first The of the location of the through The of whether the or the selected Command Summary
Commands Topic The three of the characteristics of the as shown below: On If and both off, the selected and combined the Summary Continuous off off
Word Processing Select Justification ESC Format: C o C The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes HT and BS there within Intercharacter ESC SP Format: ASCII ESC SP the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of which should from O-127. Each of of inch and of inch Quality and Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Character ESC Select Character Format: ASCII ESC Selects the character Selecting EPSON Graphics selected ESC The following Selects Italics character Selects EPSON Graphics character Selects character The and the function of SelecType CG TABLE that the of or ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B characters to printed. This the EPSON Graphics selected ESC or the SelecType CG TABLE character graphics Summary
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the selected ESC Select International Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following USA Norway UK America the SelecType COUNTRY Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Characters Chapter and information this topic. Characters ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows characters to the currently selected Copy ROM RAM ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3A This the characters the ROM RAM that characters The the family. OCR-B OCR-A Orator-S Summary
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC This to the characters of the ESC to the character The following Selects the Selects the Printable Characters ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the EPSON Graphics character selected, this the of through as characters, Commands Topic Command
Commands Topic ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the EPSON Graphics character selected, this through to treated as This the Graphics Chapter graphics the ESC graphics Select Graphics ESC Format: ESC ASCII graphics The of Summary
Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC C low-speed, graphics The of ESC Select High-speed Graphics Format: ASCII ESC high-speed, graphics The of ESC Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC graphics The of Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2A graphics the below the The of this ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3F graphics to another. The character (K, L, or Z), which reassigned to (O-6, Summary Reassign Graphics
A-2 Table A-6 Character
Width This the of characters. The of inch. of of inch.) You to these the of characters that The characters with indicated international characters or graphics. the the the international characters. Also, the of the ESC and ESC commands and information to these characters. The following shows each character, its ASCII and its If there the the the of the character. 2A 2B 2C 2D 2E 2F A-2 CHR 3A 3B 3C 3D 3E 3F CHR
4A 4B 4C 4D 4E 4F 5A 5B 5C 5D 5E 5F CHR C 6A 6B 6C 6D 6E 6F 7A 7B 7C 7D 7E Table CHR A-3
Table CHR A-4 CHR B0 B1 B2 B3 B4 B5 B6 B7 B8 B9 BA BB BC BD BE BF C0 C1 C2 C3 C4 C5 C6 C7 C8 C9 CA CB CC CD CE CF D0 D1 D2
D3 D4 D5 D6 D7 D8 D9 DA DB DC DD DE DF E0 E1 E2 E3 E4 E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 EA EB EC ED EE EF F0 F1 F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7 CHR F8 F9 FA FB FC FD FE Table CHR A-5
Character These character selected SelecType CG TABLE or the ESC software command. the EPSON Graphics character of the ESC or ESC software whether to to 9F as characters (ESC or (ESC Character A-6
EPSON Graphics Character Table Character A-7
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and feed this the SelecType each (CR) (LF) of the of Usually to second. bidirectional which the head from to right every other On the other from right to This increases the of the head both GL-1
or which the of information or memory. of information consisting of The that the to the bidirectional the head actually to the CG The SQ three Character (CG) Italic, Graphic, and Download. These the characters the characters inch of the of text characters, often to as pitch. the or which each character approximately of the of characters. or spreadsheets the which each and perforated GL-2
the characters, the ASCII includes other which These such as sounding the and or feed. sheet optional, that of the troubleshooting the each that as as ASCII that the characters. or that when the turned or initialized. graphics graphic of of which each or of double-height which each character as high as GL-3
of characters. character of the head: the the slightly below the Can only One of of character high-speed Quality. of characters. Each character of of the head; the the slightly to the right of the EPSON Graphics character containing international characters, characters, and character graphics corners, and areas. ESC to commands. ESC/P EPSON This of commands software of from It EPSON and software computers. of type family GL-4
feed and that the to the top of the To the of the turning the or INIT interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This italicized. Quality (LQ) One of Quality reduces the and increases the of character to increase the quality. feed and that the (LCD) The the that shows SelecType and the of the The to which the loaded. It with the GL-5
memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory. The then information from its own memory This of frees the to other while the The memory the that the and tear-off of inch This immediately Three commonly with and the and (This the and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and and the and information to that ON or OFF. often and the with the connected to GL-6
switch the that when with causing the PAPER OUT light to interface interface. Parity and to the of pitch Indicates the of characters inch The pitch. The that the of quality: and Quality. high-speed, Quality polished which the the character from character to character. than The than typewritten tractor optional, that through the GL-7
built-in that through the RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and SelecType that or the of the operation of the the the its SelecType and the characters that its ROM. interface interface. tear-off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the This with the perforation function that the to perforation then this when GL-8
only. Allows than bidirectional graphics. characters Characters that and the the known as characters. GL-9