EN without FR DE NL
About This Informationen Follow these as instructions: instructions Warning: to injury. to to to and to installation. Indicates where information found. Notes information and hints the informations informations hin, Informationen Informationen informatie informatie
Copyright Notice Copyright of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other printers. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON STYLUS and of Corporation. SDHC Memory Stick, Memory Memory PRO, Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory Stick, and Memory of Corporation. Card of Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those
EN FR Table Instructions to the LCD the of the LCD Selecting Loading Memory Card Copying Copying Copying from Memory Card From Sheet Checking the Cartridge Checking/Cleaning the Head the Head PictBridge Cartridges Quality/Layout Contacting Customer Support.....................................................................................................................62 LCD LCD Insertion PictBridge service
DE NL Inhoud Pictbridge-Setup selecteren Cartridges
Instructions only the that with the of another fire or shock. the with other of the the outlet where the easily of only the type of indicated the type type the become or the while copying, or scanning. Scan- of
products that or around the Doing fire. Gase of as specifically to service the yourself. of the reach of and the hors Tinte If off with and If them immediately with If or immediately. Tinte wast arts their this If the supply from and and the as the the supply or surrounding tout cartouche, Tinte stof of
to C Copy Memory Card activeren. the of Foto activeren. Foto activeren. each Affiche
OK Selects and items. copying/ activeren. on/off to the sous/hors Changes the of or the of copying/ or of
the LCD LCD or to the of the selected touche Foto of Press or to the Press or to the The highlight or of of of Press to the item Press or to the displayed the LCD photo LCD. LCD- Foto of
The saffiche of inactivity, the to Press On to the to its touche touche On On On The slightly from those shown this LCD-
the of the LCD LCD You and the of the LCD LCD of
Selecting selecteren The of land. If to this Bright White Heavyweight Quality with of to that already the the right-hand the English Choose this the LCD Loading LCD ordinaire photo photo photo tableau
LCD- Bright White Heavyweight Quality
Loading C and the and the when Informationen the arrow the
back. the of the with
Memory Card Insertion Memory Card the light of the light of to force the the the It should etwas On Flashing
Card Card Card M+ Card SD SDHC Memory Memory PRO Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO-HG Memory Memory If the memory then the the otherwise the CompactFlash
You from to face-down You of the they than to the corner. coin.
Copying
Copying the of C Select the Lay-out the Copy activeren. Select
the copying. the the and Pap.form. the
Copying Proceed. Select or On. Non of photo(s) Foto(s) Proceed. C the Foto activeren. the of
You and photo. Press and the photo. Foto the the and Pap.form. If the photo. photo. the the copying.
EN FR DE NL EN Copy to Color/B&W Color, B&W With Copy A4, Quality to A4 With Quality slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Select the amount the expanded when FR N&B Marge, A4, A4
DE SW Rand, A4, A4 Rand Tinte NL Lay-out rand, A4, Foto Foto Pap.form. A4 Lay-out of fotos.
from Memory Card
Select and C photo. Select photo. photo. Foto Foto memory You and photo. Press and the photo. Foto Foto the Memory Card activeren.
the of the and To and the the the
From Index ordinaire A4. memory You A4 First the that to and then the to A4. A4-Indexblattes A4-index. C the Memory Card activeren.
Select highlighted. Select. with the of the Select the of the Index Select or Rand of
Select to with horodatage. Selecteren of from the Select the of You or photo the face-down. Index photo.
EN FR DE NL EN C Memory Card and A4 With Quality Bidirectional On, slightly and to the of the top and of the or the smeared when Select On to increase the Select to the slowly). Select the amount the expanded when FR C A4 Marge Non Non
DE C A4 Rand Tinte NL C Index Prem.Glossy, A4 Lay-out of Selecteer fotos.
Checking the Cartridge C Black the activeren. Select ctche C
On the C to they expended. You this and then Cartridge the instructions C ctche instructions relatives C C activeer Cartridge instructies the or of If the displayed. saffiche of
Checking/Cleaning the Head the activeren. head cleaning from the head toutes Tinte C Select Select ordinaire A4. the
the If cleaning four off the least hours. Then cleaning the head If hors service head cleaning. head cleaning.
the Head Head ordinaire A4. the activeren. Select the C Select Select the
the and tous the head.
PictBridge PictBridge Pictbridge-Setup PictBridge- the and turn the the activeren. to C Select PictBridge PictBridge PictBridge-Setup
PictBridge Format JPEG to PictBridge Format JPEG PictBridge JPEG PictBridge JPEG the this and the of type, and supported. photo associations charge. Layout-Kombinationen lay-out of the reflected the
EN FR DE NL EN PictBridge FR ctche PictBridge Head Cleaning Head Cartridge Format with Info, without Info, ctche Format infos, Afficher DE Displayformat Info, Info, PictBridge-Setup NL Cartridge info, info,
EN FR DE NL EN Press the OK to the the and the Press the to the the Turn off the the correctly. occurred. Turn off the then On to occurred. Turn the off and then back If the appears, The nearing the of their service life. The the of their service life. Please the memory or the memory or correctly. If to there with the or and the the correctly. Turn the off and then back that the If the appears, to the of their service life. the the and to to
FR OK ctches bourrage. hors hors tche Marche. hors saffiche fin fin hors saffiche fin
DE OK, Epson-Support
NL Oplossing OK Printerfout On Scannerfout. foutmelding Support. of of of of of of foutmelding
Cartridges Cartridges Cartridge Precautions the head hand. from the following operations: head cleaning and charging when efficiency, only when ready to with when recommends the of the or of The of that covered and Information about displayed, and of recorded service Once the the obtained the the head the ready to the The to its reliability. Other products that covered warranties, and off the charging as this expended, the other Nous informations relatives conserver hors
Tinte Tinte Informationen Information Tinte Tinte hand. Cartridges herinstallatie Epson-cartridges of functioneert. informatie service
the to C and and the while the head to the the of the
the yellow and charging If to copying, to charging finished, the that copying and from the If to the cover, each clicks
C If the rear
If near the Turn off. hors Turn C
Quality/Layout EN the following from the Top. further information, You (light or ABDEGI or smeared. ABDEFH or ABCDG You incorrect or DG The or incorrect. JKLM the type. the (the whiter or of the facing the right or as the Quality as the Bidirectional Bidirectional C quality. Clean the head. the head. If try the to the head. To the of the without the further information, within months of to and recommended If (cross-hatch) appears the or the of selected the and the and the correctly. If the of the or off, the slightly from the corner. Clean the
FR dinformations, N ABDEGI ABDEFH ABCDG incorrectes DG incorrecte. JKLM type correct. Non C dinformations, hachures) coin.
DE Informationen ABDEGI ABDEFH ABCDG DG JKLM C Informationen Informationen, Informationen,
NL Oplossing of ABDEGI of ABDEFH of ABCDG of DG of JKLM of of of Bidirectioneel C Epson-cartridges of of Pap.form. Lay-out of of
Contacting Customer service If the the troubleshooting information, services You the information or warranty If there, the where purchased informations services service service Informationen Informationen informatie of
EN the Head Bidirectional C Cartridge cleaning, of the Copying Crop from Cartridge Memory Card PictBridge Quality Scan Scan (photo Supported Troubleshooting
FR C laffichage) bourrages charge Pictbridge ctche photo
Index DE Foto Foto Pictbridge-Setup Randlos/Rand Scan Scan (Foto
Index NL C Cartridge Foto Lay-out Pap.form.
land. SX410 TX410 EN Black FR DE NL information dinformations Informationen informatie C T0891 T0892 T0893 T0894 T0711 T0712 T0713 T0714 T0711H 73N (T0731N)/ 73HN (T0731HN) 73N (T0732N) 73N (T0733N) the SX410 the T071 the TX410 the the parenthesis the SX410 recommande T071 TX410 SX410 T071 TX410 73N (T0734N) SX410 type T071 TX410 Copyright Corporation. rights Printed XXXXXX