NT EPSON EPSON EPSON XL INSTALLATION OPERATION MANUAL
The Software That
Graphics Corporation. Rights This whole, or copied, photocopied, reproduced, translated, transmitted or converted to or of Graphics Corporation. Information this to without and the of Graphics Corporation. Graphics Corporation warrant, or the or the of the of included products. match of Graphics and of Incorporated which Win32s, and NT of Microsoft tion the U.S.A. and other of Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. This written based and whatsoever, or implied, this including with to its merchantability or its other the of their respective owners. without written
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS SOFTWARE or higher, or NT or higher NOTE: HARDWARE or higher MB of RAM and MB of RAM NT section RAM.) VGA or SVGA with least MB free and MB free LPT A. that (LPT) and active. B. that MB free the of C. the EPSON to the that with Graphics Corporation
The following of cessed The supply the with that to that the high graphic using the Applications, to which high and that to the and the EPSON Text, EPS, and tions to through tions, the when On and to the C:\BIRMY directory. this directory and the that then the LPT to the to On NT, the C:\BIRMY instead of the LPT this directory to process. processing, the created to the LPT or LPT If the C then the Graphics Corporation
PANTONE PANTONE included These directly commonly the of PANTONE Colors the EPSON and XL The self-extracting to directory and type from the DOS and and its to the or the correctly. the the PANTONE with This self-extracting 3MB Copy this to and type from the DOS then the created PANTONE.WRI with the technical with the and of please Customer The hours of tion EST Please the information. There that location; the phone the tion only. Graphics Corporation
technical ready to and its the of of and of the encountering. Please to the Troubleshooting Section Technical Graphics: Graphics Corporation East Graphics Corporation PowerRIP-Support Birmy.com
the Software of the There protection the You to and the installation. If the and software correctly. the following manually To (WIN32S) already software Turn the and the the or B). From the then instructions the the Graphics Corporation
Graphics Corporation the type A:\SETUP and OK. (If from type B:\SETUP.) NOTE: If from then type A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP); or the software option The to and Click NEXT.
The then to choose the and directory to The You the directory or and then NEXT. If choose to this CANCEL to the installation. The then and finally Click OK each (If from the displayed, to selecting OK.) Graphics Corporation
Graphics Corporation loaded, the the and NOTE: If the appear. This the of the from the You the the section to this. screen turned off. It with the cess. know to this. from and from Click the and then
or NT the section. the or B. Then from to then type or B. A:\SETUP.EXE Click OK, then the would to the This information about You this Select The its and to restarted, Click should the Click the Graphics Corporation
With the or and that Then EPSON and should and to and and as and Graphics Corporation
Select FILE. Then OK. The to the section Software. from You to C:\BIRMY directory or the where I Direct to C:\BIRMYUOB fin- ished. Graphics Corporation
Click section of Click then Next. Graphics Corporation
Click then Next. You this Click Graphics Corporation
the or B. If B, to that Click OK. You CD or to the Select and Next. Then to Creates Click Next. Graphics Corporation
You the and OK. this selecting Finished to CD or the The to the section Software. If would to and the section about Graphics Corporation
from You to C:\BIRMY directory or the where If would to to the C:\BIRMM directory or the where You should to to this. Other users the that rights to C:\BIRMY directory their to this directory. to the section from Workstations Graphics Corporation C:\BIRMYUOB
NT Click the Select and and to and Other. You then prompted to the NT A. or B; B. PWWRIP hint Please the indicated or Graphics Corporation the
Select and OK. to to and Other. Select C:\BIRMY\IN.PS and OK. If than C, type that Graphics Corporation Drivw:
If to the Click OK. If selected then the section from Workstations back to and another LPT. the that the printers. Select the to as or the LPT that EPSON nected to and OK. this Graphics Corporation
This LPT where the ripped. where or the they to the each This information the to and other This The to the section Software. Graphics Corporation
To the the of the This the which If the the bot- of the From this microweave, the or to from this You to automatically. features, from the from the imformation. The DPI Selected Selected Treat RGB as Selected Selected Selected Selected Microweave LPT1 Selected Graphics Corporation
from Workstations Network the nected to the EPSON workstations Workgroups, or NT to the or directory shared as shown the previous The NT activated as shown the section. If to the C:\BIRMY directory or the where The workstations then to and the Graphics Corporation
NT On NT Network with only to people to to with and This the as as the previous section type: instead of If than C, type that This the workstations to to which this when the options checked. This that write and as as the and Workstation Workgroups, and NT The workstations to the If NT, instead of to Network or to Network of If Workgroups or search the that and to the computers, only the Please information or and C:\BIRMY\IN2.PS Graphics Corporation You
Software the or and OK. Graphics Corporation You of Follow these Click the
the You and found the this phone technical the technical the type the Unlock and OK. ready to Section instructions Graphics Corporation
If and If or NT without the the The seconds to the the loaded. the clicking the the right of the The should with Other click the You the shown below, which and the following sections of these Graphics Corporation
Allows to EPSON Select NOTE: The shows only the which purchased If to purchase Graphics Corporation Allows to select: A. B. Optional C. D. RIP E. LPT The following appear. Graphics Corporation
Definitions: Select the or other Dictionaries to the the Microweave which to reduce the of (white and this option selected, the from right to and the from to right. creased when selected. Graphics Corporation
The right to This reduces the of (white of the amount of that represented. tion of measured the of inch The higher the the the RGB RGB the of Red, and combinations, commonly the industry, to CIE based ABC. Application optional third tion software. Stochastic Stochastic as to Stochastic tones and than LPT The LPT that the nected to. NOTE: the EPSON the should selected. Graphics Corporation
the following and allows to of that appear. this the as as and directory. You the option of selecting the directory and of to included directory which testing. Section Graphics Corporation c:\powerrip\progfam
.PI of About information about The and should included information to Graphics Corporation with the Graphics Corporation c:\powerrip\examples Bead
Testing EPSON the instructions EPSON Turn the and Turn the the the finished and the to the the clicking the arrow the of the the This the Click The appear. Select NOTE: If or the type accordingly. Graphics Corporation the following A. B. Microweave C. Optional features= D. E. Stochastic F. RGB Coated =On =On On
Click OK. To Print. Graphics Corporation
Graphics Corporation the Then You should the the .PS Click then OK. The the The seconds to of the of and the amount of memory has. The Qirectorier:
and the Quality The Graphics RIP the to when the RIP These dictionaries the Photoshop when directly to the created Photoshop other and the they as LAB.EPS or RGB.EPS RGB.TIF and CMYK.TIF the dictionaries other and then printed. includes of RGB.TIF RGB.TIF with software switch Treat RGB as calibrated. This switch RGB the dictionary. If reason to this turning off. included, These ICM allow of cessing of these the of Graphics Corporation
RAM Graphics Corporation these the Treat RGB as calibrated option should CMYK usually created where items to the of rather than accepting the options dictionary RAM the complexity of that to that increase RAM. performance increases with to MB of RAM. Once EPSON obtained increase RAM performance. If the option,
To high-quality the follow- the and recommended coatings to the and than and Graphics the half- tone and to with and recommended screening as to screen tones and than to allow to to from CMYK this with tions to of and too to as as offset the publication and allow within of to Graphics Corporation
Graphics Corporation To and the or to and to the directory and the this directory. To the to to the Select the and then It to selection. Then to the and or to and to the directory and the this directory.
NT: To NT, to Select the LPT that created when the NT Drivers. Then the this Then the the or the to to the Select the and then It to tion, click OK. Then the clicking Graphics Corporation
Troubleshooting the phone This or type. with the of downloaded. If the the or the of to the the heads cleaning. Graphics Corporation type or characters. On and to to to and LPT that when On NT to the directory and LPT section information. RAM or CPU. The that of with RAM.
EPS EPS to other They directly EPS and from that or art and art and larged, they when EPS text and text to other They directly these and from that White Screen the CPU to the process. Turn off from or other from and from Click the and then Graphics Corporation
Printout or type. RAM. If other to the directory, then Graphics Corporation C:\BIRMY\PRPCTEMP.PS This and the directory. or RAM DOS This To the following to Then Advanced, Click and then and and OK then
Several meaning within the of this below: Application CPSI CPU EPS Network Applications the that to this as Photoshop, preprocessed or This PC rather than peripheral this to The the than This type that graphics. It as to include graphics other applications. of physical of software to and the CPSI Ethernet cabling and software to to each other. oped to the graphics, and of each there Graphics Corporation
The which and and produced. RAM RIP TIFF Access Memory. with of RAM and with MB as You RAM to computers. information. or that Format. This consisting of Graphics Corporation