COVER1.FM A4 R4CE990 One Product Instructions and Notes. Instructions the Functions Loading or the Table Copying Copying Copying Margin Copying to Copying Canceling Copying or Scanning from Scanning to Canceling Cartridges Choosing Cartridges. Precautions Cartridge Cartridge Checking the Head and Cleaning the Head the Head Troubleshooting the Light and Other Lights to Clearing Contacting Customer Customer Services. Product Information Product Specifications. CRE Sign-off: English
R4CE990 COVER2.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: One Product rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their owners. and rights those Copyright Corporation, cover cover USB AC
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Instructions and Notes to to to Notes information and the operation of Instructions of the instructions this section when and using this this to and Also, this from sunlight, light, and heat to shocks, and enough around this this outlet where easily and this this that this If this the than the back of this and the This properly or this its or otherwise, from the choosing only the type of indicated the the back of this the that with this of another fire or shock. This with this only. with other fire or shock. AC the R4CE990 or cord. If with this that the rating of the the the cords Also, that the rating of the outlet the If to this Germany, the building protected or to short-circuit protection and over-current protection this the from the this the of the reach of allow to or when as there around the supply If the thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. this this or the or cover the this to service this yourself. this and servicing to service the following The or this this or the cover this normally or performance. this to or other with the of the Each orientation. the both connected the the this this this with the If with the the head this becomes to Instructions English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: the Functions Function On this and off. the head to the when that or nearly detected. the head to the the head to its head cleaning three seconds when the light off. the Copy Copy and allows to the of Selects or as the type. Select when or when DURABright Selects A4 or as the of the A4 the You A4 or when using the to or the of the to the selected of B&W copying. The ejected. The of increases when this once. The of displayed the LED If this when displayed as the of appears the LED This that To and that displayed, then the amount of the as the of If to when this finishes and of To clear the the Stop appears the LED this when displayed.
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Lights lights off pressed, the lights to their Light On On Indicates this Flashing Indicates this copying, scanning, replaced, charging or cleaning the head. Flashing Indicates this (fast) turned off. On or Indicates that Flashing occurred. Troubleshooting Flashing Indicates that the to empty. On Indicates that or Copy to Indicates the of (LED Indicates that Indicates that occurred. Indicates that the to the Indicates that the to the Indicates that the operating reduced (The switches to this of inactivity. The to when other than the On pressed.) On Indicates the selected type. R4CE990 A4 On Indicates the selected to On Indicates that the to the that fits to the selected the English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Copying This section to the Loading the then the and then the the and the the that the the slightly than the to Copying the with the the right and the the that the of the first the that the with or than the the that the the the that the to the If other than when the to the and compromised. the back. The affected the of the the
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: or the Press the On to this the cover. the facing the that the properly the with the the top of the the its heavy top of this the cover that the To the properly, the cover to interference from the light. photographs the of They to the of the This to the following with without this function copying with increasing the R4CE990 to reduces or the of the that the fits to A4 or Each of the copying the as shown the following Copying to A4, A4, A4, On to A4, On to the section that follows the procedures with each Copying Follow the Loading Follow the or the Press the Copy repeatedly the of the LED To and the Copy repeatedly displayed. information about the every sheets printed, the sheets from the output Press the type to information about selecting the type, Press the to A4 or information about selecting the Press the to or the B&W to the while or otherwise, this A4, On Copying English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: the of this The exactly the as the If the light flashes to while copying, the or and then the copying You or photo than with copying using the copying function. The of the with copying as high as the of with copying. copying when A4 and selected. To other of with when the and white Follow to Whilst the Stop the to or the B&W to Copying Follow the Loading Follow the or the Follow Press the type to Press the to A4 or information about selecting Press the to The to light Proceed with Copying Margin Copying Follow to Press the type to You with when and A4 selected. Press the to A4 or information about selecting Proceed with to Copying You reduce or the to A4 or Follow to Press the type to or information about selecting the type, Press the to A4 or information about selecting the Press the to The to light Proceed with Canceling Copying To copying, the Stop Once this pressed, lights the light the The to the
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: or Scanning This section to from and to that this connected to and the software information, the from Follow the Loading the the to Click the If the appears, to The selected printed. The On light flashes as this and the The the the with information the Reference Scanning to Follow the or the EPSON information, Starting EPSON the Reference Click the Scan and the EPSON Specify the Location, and Format Click Scan and to scanning. Once the scanned, with the and specified to the location specified R4CE990 information about scanning, the Reference Canceling To the Stop lights second. the The to the or Scanning English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Cartridges This the amount of each using IC built the If the or the light or flashing, or displayed to of the to Choosing Cartridges You the following with this Black Black T0461 EPSON recommends the of EPSON EPSON warranty caused the of other products. To when to the Lights Precautions Cartridge of the instructions this section and the the them. If to temporarily from this to the of the from and the the as this the that its the of the facing upward. The the to that released. However, recommended. the supply of the or its surrounding Cartridges to this immediately following the of the If the promptly, the head to to the the of the when from its or tear the the otherwise, This with IC The IC the amount of each and then of its used. each the this its reliability. T0472 T0473 T0474 the IC the of the This the becomes empty, copying or the other copying or the to copying or the following operations: head cleaning, self-cleaning when this turned and charging when this the This the amount of IC built the the amount of the IC and therefore the amount of replaced, the become empty. the light flashes to the
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Cartridge To using the follow the below. The of the the to that this The On light should flashing. that the cover closed, and then the the when the cover Press the The head to the and the On light and the light to flash. The indicated the or the than three seconds. this cleaning the head. If or empty, the head to the without to the Proceed to the head hand, as this this the to R4CE990 Press the If than or the head that the or indicated the This each the or indicated. Once of the or indicated, the head to the when the pressed. the four or the the from the the cover. the of the that to the of this and of properly. the or to The shows of the Cartridges English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Warning: If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. the vertically the then the clicks finished the the cover and that clicks then the Press the The charging the This about to the charging finished, The On light flashing and and the light The On light to while this the charging operation. off this while this light flashing. Doing charging of If the light the On light flashing (and the correctly. Press the and the clicks Cartridges
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Checking the Head and If that the unexpectedly or the the head to the You each Follow the below to the head and using the that A4 the sheet that this off. Press the On while the button. This and the the The shows the and the of each The following when the head to cleaned. head to cleaned Not head to cleaned. The (CMYK). If the there with this It or head. To these the sections R4CE990 Cleaning the Head If that the unexpectedly or the to these cleaning the head, which that the properly. head cleaning both and To wasting the head the incorrect or cleaning the head, the first to really to cleaned. This If the light to to or flashes to that to the head. this the first. this and the light off. the three seconds. Cleaning of the head and the On light flashing. off this while the On light flashing. Doing to the the On light flashing, to that the head clean. the previous section If the repeating this four or this off and overnight. Then, the and head cleaning necessary. If the or both of or and to replaced. To Cartridge To least once every month. English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: the Head If properly the to this the head. You the head from the or from the Head included with software. Follow the below to the head the buttons the to the head accurately, of the Head recommended. that this turned off. that the to the A4 the Press the On while the Copy printed. the and the patch which printed, with noticeable or Press the Copy the that appears the LED Press the B&W to selection. and each of the other the (This should four about the head, the Head the Reference
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Troubleshooting the Light and Other Lights to You the light and other lights the If the and the light the following to the and then the recommended The and this apply when the as stand-alone to the Reference that when the from light On the the Flashing Press the occurred. If the cleared, the Clearing light flashing R4CE990 light light empty, or Flashing fast/ H flashing the LED On/ light other lights and E the LED flashing the and then the to Press the Stop to lights and E the LED flashing and the and then the to Press the Stop to Clearing If this the light flashes. You to clear the the Follow the instructions below. the and then the to the head to the affected that Press the to the If the ejected, to the where the If the the feeding or the of the hand. If the this the On to turn off this the and then of the hand, including torn Then the On the and then the to the head to the of the and or the Cartridge occurred with The the when copying the the to the If the to the to or smeared the to Press the to this replacing. the this Turn this off, and then back Then the released. If the appears, Troubleshooting English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Contacting Customer Customer Services If operating properly and the using the troubleshooting information services If below, the where purchased information Contacting Customer Support, the Reference users the United and the of Ireland URL Telephone (UK) (The of Ireland) the East URL Telephone URL Telephone Norway South Africa URL Telephone or Contacting Customer EPSON french.htm AIDE EN LIGNE. SERVICES EPSON Service EPSON M. (MI) TECHNICAL HELPDESK URL Telephone users URL Telephone
OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Product Information Product Specifications 100-120V 220-240V to 132V to 240V Rated to to copying ISO10561 power-off the the back of this the information. Operation:10 to 35C to 95F) Mechanical About (W H, including and without yellow) R4CE990 Scanning type A4 or US (The reading specified from software.) Scanning Since the of or type of the EPSON the of or type of of purchasing or copying ISO10561 power-off specifications These specifications those when the as stand-alone or the Reference the specifications of this A4 Thickness to to inch) to reduce the and or other If switch to higher or to 25C to 77F) to RH The and the recommended and the the operating of this inch) photo Product Information English
R4CE990 OPG.FM A4 CRE Sign-off: Printable The the following the of when B-L B-R C Copy Margins Copy A: top B-L: B-R: right C: the type of used, the top and of the or these smeared. The slightly the Product Information Copy