EPSON
Printed with least Copyright America, Inc. rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other EPSON and EPSON and ESC/P and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION DX3 and SelecType and EPSON Preferred service of America, Inc. EFI, the EFI and the U.S. of Inc. Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Notices Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION CPD-9990
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: P180A
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
Turning Margins the Turning the with the Thickness, Drying and Suction Selecting with EPSON Choosing Choosing Selecting the Correct Choosing Advanced Background with EPSON Choosing Selecting the Correct Choosing and Choosing Advanced the the
the Checking from the and the Normal Checking and Responding to and Light Checking from Checking from Preferences and Transporting the Cleaning the Head the Head the Head from the Cartridges the the Used the New the and Cleaning the Transporting the the Transporting It the the the Quality
Introduction The EPSON 24-inch that to You photographic with text and art without productivity. 24-inch to thick and sheets to thick of (DX3 includes and and The DC-based allows bidirectional productivity, Ethernet or high performance EFI X2 RIP purchased. The EPSON RS-5100 of and with Microsoft NT, and UNIX computers. The X2 RIP processing, and The EPSON with the RS-5100 and ColorWise ProTools, professional CMYK and RGB correction, ICC and high-quality (CRDs). flexibility, the EPSON third-party and with EPSON and photographs and other
Introduction To This of which includes the below. The EPSON Assembly and Instructions to and the and and The EPSON Reference summary of the and cleaning and the head. to easy reference. The Reference the EPSON CD-ROM information about the and software. You the browser, such as or Microsoft or If the RS-5100, includes and The RIP Station Started to the RIP, software and from the Software CD-ROM, and It to the The RIP Station to options and to the RIP from and OS computers. The RIP Station and of the RIP the platforms and It includes UNIX, NT, and NetWare to services to The RIP Station introduction to the basics of theory. It includes and instructions. Release Notes information and of the
This This the following information: Chapter Chapter Chapter to interface the to the and to the EPSON Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter instructions and sheets, both EPSON and and Chapter Chapter Chapter to the EPSON and computers. Chapter Chapter Chapter to EPSON and computers. Chapter Chapter to the and to the Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter instructions cleaning and the head, and the and cleaning and the Chapter Chapter Chapter troubleshooting and operation, and Chapter Chapter the technical and The instructions the included the of the Introduction
Introduction Warning Notes, and this information throughout this to injury. to to Notes Notes Notes Notes information about TIP Where To EPSON telephone and information the installation, and operation of graphics products through the EPSON Preferred SM Protection A.M. to P.M through and A.M. to P.M. Unit ID which included with the EPSON Protection information that with and of purchase.
Service Access World From the reach Professional Graphics EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Technical To technical through to and the the troubleshooting as EPSON technical hours through the services and services the following You purchase and from EPSON www.epsonsupplies.com www.epsonsupplies.com www.epsonsupplies.com www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. The EPA ENERGY STAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, printers, and to reduce caused Introduction
Introduction the off the this the light flashes then the or off the to the the light off. This that the head capped. Instructions using or RIP Station the following instructions to the and effectively. Turn off and the (and RIP Station cleaning. Clean with cloth only. the (or RIP Station the (or RIP Station or heating or sunlight. to and or shock and the or sunlight. Bright light with the causing and related the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the (and RIP Station They properly they or or cover the the (or RIP Station or through the the type of indicated the to properly grounded outlets. outlets the as or that switch and off. switches or timers. the (and RIP Station where the easily fiche the cords become or frayed.
If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the the as specifically the to service the (or RIP Station yourself. the from the the (or RIP Station and servicing to service the following If the or the (or RIP Station the or the the (or RIP Station normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. Cartridge Instructions the or the To the the head hand. of the If off with and If them immediately with of the reach of and the the or to them. This to the head. Once the to with the immediately from its Leaving the reduced the the within months of installation. Introduction
Introduction this the the the and the instructions.
Chapter Connecting and You cant both the USB and interfaces the Once ready to to or and the If the RIP Station to the to the RIP and the RIP software. the RIP Station Started instructions. the EPSON the and the to or of the built-in interfaces to to You the EPSON interface If the directly to the or to allow This chapter instructions the following: the or interface Connecting to the USB interface Connecting to the interface the software and the software and the or Interface Card connectivity without RIP, of the following T/100 TX)C823632A EPSON Interface Card IEEE 1394)C823722
Connecting and Warning To shock and the interface when the turned or connected to the the that with information. Then follow these the off and the Phillips-head screwdriver to the screws the shield plate to the optional interface Then off the to the screws them the shield
Connecting and or DIP switches the the On the DIP switch to ON (advanced the interface the both of the to the the internal the interface the with the screws included with the the turned off the Then the cord. To the EpsonNet the while holding the the about seconds.
Connecting and the to the and to or To interface off the the cord, and follow the the and operating the instructions. the software, as or
If USB the to first If the with the directly to the USB Connecting and Connecting to the USB Interface shielded USB AB interface than with USB clean of or Follow these to the built-in USB interface: of the interface to the USB the back of the the other of the to the USB You cant both the and USB interfaces the the USB interface, the interface to (the the information. You the software the instructions or
Connecting and You cant both the USB and interfaces the Connecting to the Interface high-speed, high-quality, bidirectional, IEEE-1284 than Follow these to to the built-in interface: both the and turned off. the securely the interface.Then the together they both the other of the the instructions the software. You the software the
Connecting and the Software and You to the and that to the EPSON each the Then follow the the software. to Checking The memory the following 33-inch the complexity, and of Recommended G3 or higher OS recommended USB 14MB (foreground 128MB memory 23MB (background 10MB free the 2GB recommended software CD-ROM CD-ROM Quad-speed or the Software off protection software instructions. Then follow these to the software: the software CD-ROM. the and the Then follow the instructions the the the Chooser and the
Connecting and If to the first to as the to which connected. Then, specify the to the from each that and the software those Follow these to connected directly to with other Turn the the Chooser and the Then the to which the connected. Click the You the following this then type the and information as
Connecting and Click OK The of the shared appears the the Chooser. the Chooser. On each from which to the the Chooser, the and the You from the connected to If the the then OK. Select the Background option, then the Chooser.
Connecting and the Software and the Then follow the procedures the software and the installation. to Instructions both and NT. Checking The memory the following 33-inch the complexity, and of Recommended and NT II and or higher OS or NT 16MB RAM 128MB RAM or memory 40MB free the software to the VGA VGA or CD-ROM CD-ROM or the Software protection turned off Then follow these to software: the connected and turned off, then software CD-ROM.
If the New or other appears, and follow the If the Not found appears Connecting and The automatically: If Then CD-ROM Double-click Then follow the instructions the If or NT, with If or follow the on-screen instructions to The automatically. If the USB interface, the USB automatically. If correctly. information, Chapter this or Troubleshooting the Reference software CD-ROM. the OK.
Connecting and Checking USB If using USB to that the correctly Follow these Click to and EPSON appears the Right-click the then Click the and what to the following You should (EPSON If the displayed, Chapter this or Troubleshooting the Reference software CD-ROM. and to the as the to which connected. Then, specify the to the from each that the as Follow these to that connected directly to with other Click to then Double-click Network Click the and button. You the following:
Connecting and Select to to allow others to to printer(s) and OK. the Network click OK the If the or CD-ROM, the CD-ROM and follow the the Then the and from Select and choose from the You the following: Shared the information as then OK.
Connecting and Accessing the through To the from another follow these On the from which to the to and Double-click the You the Click Next You the following: Click Network then Next. Click You the following:
Connecting and Double-click the of the that directly connected to the Then the Click OK and follow the the NT These instructions apply to users only. If and would to to the as the to which connected. Then, specify the to the from each that and the software those computers. as Follow these to that connected directly to with others Click to and Select then the You the following:
Connecting and Click Shared and the choose from the Then OK. Accessing the through To the from another follow these the the from the software CD-ROM. the from the right-click then Click the to the following
Connecting and Click You the Select then New You the the text type the following information: of that connected to the of the shared Then OK. Click to to the the and the selected. Then OK
Connecting and
Chapter The EPSON of including and to inches The straight-through allows to heavy including to thick. This chapter instructions the following: Selecting and other EPSON and the with the Selecting and Other You of coated, and other You purchase optional 3-inch which allows to with 3-inch The following shows the to to to to Thickness to to of the purchasing or or other to their thickness and instructions.
the EPSON prographics. or authorized EPSON and other that EPSON and EPSON which specially EPSON high-quality The the from the shown the the to the or other EPSON A4 S041061 S041140 S041071 S041026 S041062 S041141 S041072 S041029 S041070 S041156 S041075 S041044 A3 S041068 S041142 S041073 S041045 A3/B S041069 S041143 S041074 S041043 A2 S041079 C S041171 B2 S041237 EPSON type Product (24-inch S041295 Heavyweight S041291 Heavyweight S041292 SP91021 SP91023 Quality Quality
EPSON Follow these and touching the of the or other with quality. the or choose the options the or from the its and cool, to or where they to high humidity, or sunlight. You with 2-inch to inches With the optional 3-inch that 3-inch Switching process. This section covers the following: Attaching and from the the the Loading the Attaching to the Follow these the cover and the the off the of the
To the of the the its including the and boxto the the the as shown: the the fits securely the the back the and it the of the Removing from the to follow these to the from the the cover and the and If the first the and the the the the with hand. the off the of the the from the the to the
the the the the to the following these the cover. the the of the
the that the white (with the the right. the the top of the necessary. the and the mounting the white
To feeding through the when To the wound when the included with the section to the Loading Once the attached to the and the ready to Follow these the turned Then the Source of the lights
If using thick choose that too thick the To the the while the or light flashing. Choose the to each printed. Choose the automatically. If the the right of or If the the right and of instructions. You through which the or this or the RIP Station information. the light and light flashing. Then the the
touching the of the with TIP If the of the the cover and the through. If the cover closed, the the the the through the
To the the while the or light flashing. the of the the back to the Then the with the of the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the If using and the of the Cut/Eject to the Press the button. The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.)
To of the the the of the You Manually using the to the manually finished. Follow these If the correctly, of the buttons to the Normally, to this finished. Press the Source the light Press the Cut/Eject The
Turning the right of or or the right and You off this to printed. Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item PAGE LINE=ON appears the Press the PAGE LINE=OFF appears the Press the to the Press the SelecType to the You off through or (or the RIP Station information. Margins The inch or and right) and inch or (top and You to or affected the the top and to Follow these the Press the SelecType button. PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly ROLL MARG=T/B15MM* appears the This the Press the once to to ROLL MARG=3MM appears the Press the to to ROLL MARG=15MM appears the You the or to through three
selected the the to Press the SelecType to the You of sheet and other The from inches to inches. You the when and with the as If than inches or than thick, the following sections instructions. You to follow the this section. the and Then follow these the cover closed. Press the Source repeatedly the light the the
touching the of the with quality. To the the while the or light flashing. the the the right of the straight and with the the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To the while the the and Then follow these the cover closed. Press the Source repeatedly the Sheet light INCH MM
touching the of the with the light and light flashing. Then the the the sheet the through the the with the of the the PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the
To the the while the or light flashing. You cant cleaning when heavy the Press the button. The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To the sheet while the button. You heavy to B2 inches). Follow these instructions when or other than thick. the to catch front of the (when using the the straight front of the to the from Press the Source button repeatedly the Sheet light the light and light flashing. Then the the the cover the the the the of the the cover.
To the the while the or light flashing. the right straight. It should with the the cover the top) and the of the the the then the cover. PRESS PAUSE BUTTON appears the Press the button. The head and the automatically. READY appears the the and seconds.) finished, the the To while the
the thick to the Normally, the AUTO allows the to automatically. satisfactory when heavy this to WIDE Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item PLATEN GAP=AUTO appears the Press the PLATEN GAP=WIDE appears the Press the to the Press the SelecType to the The appears the right of the to of the switch to this back to AUTO Turning The normally and displays try to than the or You off the and/or to these features. the that too the Follow these to off Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly PAPER SIZE CHK=ON or PAPER ALIGN CHK=ON appears the Press the PAPER SIZE CHK=OFF or PAPER ALIGN CHK=OFF appears the Press the to Press the SelecType to the
thick the to catch front of the the with the The the cloth that to the and catches as they This the from or wrinkled. You the to catch the the or straight front of the To catch front of the the the
To catch the the the If the shown below become them hand.
Its to of and numbers. or other to the thickness, and suction The only to to this or other the first If the smears or to the thickness, and suction On EPSON immediately. You to four of or other Then the whenever that Drying the or Thickness, Drying and Suction Follow these to Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item PAPER NUMBER=STD* appears the If first or batch of the to PAPER NUMBER=1 the to the to Then Press the Item button. THICK. PAT=PRINT appears the Press to the thickness You PAPER THICK. NO.=1 the Following
the to which of the straightest (shows the and the the the the straightest. Press the or to the noted Then the Press the Item DRYING TIME=0 MIN appears the Press the or to the then the with If smears, increase the This the (or to the Press the Item button. SUCTION=NORM* appears the If thin the or to the LOW Then the Press the or SelecType to the Selecting Once type of or other whenever that Press the SelecType PAPER CONFIG. MENU appears the Press the Item You PAPER NUMBER=1. Press the or to the to Then the Press the or SelecType to the the If what which shows the instructions.
Chapter with EPSON If and choose thats than the the selected. The EPSON with that the without RIP and that allow to background ICC ColorSync included, advanced of or the The CD-ROM includes Reference to and EPSON software. You the using such as or Microsoft or This chapter covers the following information: Choosing options Choosing options Choosing advanced options Choosing of the options to features that through the Software options and Follow these to choose Choose from the of You the From the or the of inches, If Then the of inch (or Click listed.
with EPSON Select the type of the from the Source If than inches You this to of without them. using the following than the of the turned and crosswise. This Choose this option the to each printed. Prints the right and of feeding the of the of Applicable only. the and or OK
If information about the with EPSON Choosing Once selected to The EPSON offers that and when using EPSON You choose advanced and instructions advanced Follow these to Choose from the of the following appears: This shows the cant them from These appear Photoshop information. Choose the of and which to Select the as the or Black the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the to the of the this appear.) Click PhotoEnhance to choose from of low-resolution photographs: People, Soft and You Correction to and other to
with EPSON You and them to this information. Click Custom then choose of the from the as below. Custom Advanced the of that of the of the head and when choose or types. Text/Graph and the and highlights. with photographic ColorSync based ICC using the If Photoshop or and RGB RGB the ColorSync. (otherwise, this CMYK the and choose the Advanced information. Choose from the following to features: Click to the and or information. Click to reduce to the Click to turn background This the information. Click to Click and then the to of finished choosing Print.
the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that with EPSON Selecting the Correct The following the to the EPSON EPSON Product Product Quality S041026, S041029, S041043, S041044, S041045, S041061, S041062, S041068, S041069, S041070, S041071, S041079 S041280, S041156, S041140, S041141, S041142, S041143 Quality S041075, S041074, S041073, S041072, S041071 S041237 EPSON Product Product S041295 Quality Heavyweight S041291 S041292 Heavyweight SP91021 Quality SP91023 Quality If the or other using the the instructions included with the If choose the You to with to which the Quality Quality
with EPSON Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through Click Custom and then Advanced You the following: Choose the to the Then choose or Black Choose of the following Quality Normal The the Choose or Each of these three options the of the
effective with RGB with EPSON Choose of the following: MicroWeave The MicroWeave and MicroWeave effects. These selected High fast, bidirectional If when the High to off or the head (as of with Choose of the following This brightness, and CMY or choose from the three as shown the You choose from three which the and EPSON choose and PhotoEnhance4 choose this that reflects the choose. of the ColorSync This the created specifically Dont other Then choose from three to information. This the Choose this to
with EPSON Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced OK The following the when choose PhotoEnhance4, or ColorSync. the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with PhotoEnhance4 Tone choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and choose from (and the intensity): Sharpness Soft and Corrects and other to Correction
If to background with EPSON ColorSync photographic the relationship as them to within charts and business graphics. the of from to another. with such as and that within the of both and with that and or them. First to background to while printed. that background and Background You background from the Chooser or the background the Follow these to background the as Click the background You the following Not background off To background the On
with EPSON To the of to of the following: to Normal Normal to the the to the the and the to the right to the the ready to release the following section Click OK to and to the Click to If selected or spooled, the the specified or released as the following section. The and as as their the the right of the and EPSON You the following: to Click to or
If and the the EPSON from the to release the and with EPSON The tracks the To or the then of the following buttons: Click to Click to Click to You the to or to the of to printed. If to the of or to the arrow the of the The Priority becomes active. Click the whose to Then the Priority and of the following Normal the the the Normal the the the ready to release clicking Priority selected the highlighted
with EPSON the the and to the then OK Click to You to or to the head cleaning information about the cleaning If to follow these Press the to off the of the following, whether background and the to the If background off, the If background turned EPSON from the Click the then the to the
Chapter with EPSON The EPSON with and that and without RIP. ICC included, advanced features of or the The CD-ROM includes Reference to and EPSON software. You the such as or Microsoft or This chapter includes the following information: Choosing options Choosing and options Choosing options Choosing to The EPSON offers that and when EPSON You choose and instructions Follow these to basic Choose from the of You the EPSON or selected, and then the (If or instead. Then the
with EPSON If information about the the following appears: This shows the cant them from Select the as the Select or Black the option as follows: Click to the the of or and the If Quality/Speed appears the it to the of the this appear.) Click PhotoEnhance to choose from of low-resolution photographs: People Soft and You Correction to and other to Click information.
You and them to this information. with EPSON Click Custom and then choose of the from the as below: Custom Text/Graph and the and highlights. with photographic ICM based ICC using the (effective only). If ICM- to closely match the with other or the finished choosing options, the and follow the instructions choosing and options
with EPSON the EPSON or authorized EPSON and other that Selecting the Correct The following the to the EPSON EPSON sheet Product Product Quality S041026, S041029, S041043, S041044, S041045, S041061, S041062, S041068, S041069, S041070, S041071, S041079 S041280, S041156, S041140, S041141, S041142, S041143 Quality S041075, S041074, S041073, S041072, S041071 S041237 EPSON Product Product S041295 Quality Heavyweight S041291 S041292 Heavyweight SP91021 Quality Backlight SP91023 Quality If the or other the the instructions included with the If choose the You to with to which the Quality Quality
the options. to the If and choose thats than the the selected. with EPSON Choosing and of the options to features that through the Software options and Follow these to choose and From the the You the Select the type of the from the Source If than You this to of without them. From the using or the of inches, If listed, Then the of inch (or
with EPSON the following than the of the The turned and crosswise. This Choose this option the to each printed. Prints the right and of feeding the of the of Applicable only. the and If to reduce or the You the following: Choose the then OK
with EPSON Choosing Advanced The advanced options these to or to of options to Follow these to with advanced Follow through to Click Custom and then the Advanced that appears the You the following: Choose the to the Then choose or Black Choose of the following Quality Normal choose PhotoEnhance4, of options the of the
with EPSON effective with RGB The the Choose or quality. Choose of the following: MicroWeave The MicroWeave and MicroWeave effects. These selected High fast, bidirectional If when the High to off or the head (as of with backlight Choose of the following This brightness, and CMY or choose from the three as shown the You choose from three which the and EPSON backlight choose and PhotoEnhance4 choose this that reflects the choose. of the This the Choose this to
with EPSON ICM based ICC using the (effective only). If to closely match the matching with other or the Click to advanced Then type the of and The to of finished advanced options, OK The following the when choose or PhotoEnhance4. the information and correction accordingly. Photo-realistic and the and brightness. Corrects or of the and the and highlights. with non-photographic the as earlier EPSON Increases Matches with
with EPSON PhotoEnhance4 Tone choose from Normal tone correction, high (as and tone Effect choose from (and the intensity): Sharpness Soft and Corrects and other to Correction with that and or them. The each The with NT) appears the when which appears the the as as information about the the appears Click to Click to Click the displayed
with EPSON You the buttons to or You the amount of each and If the to appear, off. instructions. the The with NT) displays the of and them. To while the EPSON that appears the the of the You the To or the to highlight then the command the of the Command buttons
with EPSON
Chapter the The EPSON includes of the The displays and and the lights when or software both and included with the EPSON The RIP Station displays and the RIP Station information. This chapter to to the lights and to the status-checking the and to the software. The following information covered: Checking from the Responding to lights and Checking from Checking from Checking from the The includes buttons, lights, and (LCD): You the to the amount of of and the of and other You
the to the of the SelecType the to and operations. the information. and the If to the the Press the to If to the the Press the and seconds. This clears the memory. Normal appear the and lights or to phases of operation. The following the and lights: Light Explanation or READY light ready to PRINTING light flashing INK DRY light flashing to MIN the of shown. INK CHARGING and charging the light flashing TRANSPORT PREP light flashing the to RESET lights PRESS PAUSE light Press the to BUTTON WAIT light or flashing or charging PAUSE light To the
Checking and You information the including amount of each count, and the of Follow these Press the SelecType the Press PRINTER STATUS MENU the Press the Item button. You VERSION the This the the Item to the amount each of the or service of The as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service than of (or service life) Following of the items displayed. that the the and to authorized EPSON service TOTAL PRINTS INK LEFT-K INK LEFT-C WASTE INK INK LEFT-M CR MOTOR INK LEFT-LC (light PF MOTOR INK LEFT-LM (light HEAD UNIT head) INK LEFT-Y CLEANER (cleaning CUTTER LIFE Press the SelecType to the the
the The shows the amount of each count, and life. Follow these to of the following the instructions (You Press the SelecType the Press repeatedly TEST PRINT MENU the Press the Item STATUS CHECK=PRINT the Press the The The amount of or indicated as follows: E*****F (or E**** (or E*** (or E** (or E* nearly (or service (or service Press the SelecType to the
Light Explanation COVER OPEN light cover the cover. both INK LOW light(s) cartridge(s) nearly cartridge(s) indicated flashing light(s). instructions. INK OUT light(s) cartridge(s) the cartridge(s) indicated light(s). instructions. LOAD PAPER while the light LOAD ROLL PAPER LOAD SHEET PAPER MAINTENANCE REQ. MAINTENANCE The authorized EPSON servicer to REQ of the NO INK CARTRIDGE light(s) cartridge(s) as indicated the lights. instructions. appears when the OPTION I/F ERROR interface Turn off the and the instructions. PAPER JAM the the light flashing information. Responding to and Light or or appears the The lights the or flash. The following the alphabetically and includes and instructions correcting the light options from to the and EPSON as the Introduction. the the right and the the the and
the (continued) Light Explanation PAPER NOT CUT the manually, then light flashing completely. the from the as PAPER NOT and the the STRAIGHT light flashing straight and with both of PAPER OUT loaded. light RELOAD PAPER the that light the the right and straight and with both of REMOVE PAPER too thick head the to light cleaning. the Head cleaning cleaning, SECURE PAPER released LEVER light the or another operation. SERVICE REQ. lights occurred. the and the flashing off and then If the EPSON as the Introduction. off. the from the or the and too the or the ejected. the the insertion then PAPER NOT CUT cleared. If the appears the the seconds. Then and the the the from the
Light Explanation SERVICE REQ lights The EPSON to the flashing replaced. TURN PWR OFF This appears Turn the off and then AND ON clear UNABLE TO PRINT You to while Checking from The the of and and features. Follow these to Click the the or You the Click to the Click the EPSON the seconds the Press the to SelecType If the appears clear the
the The the amount of the Click to To the OK You the the to and and the Follow these Click the the or You the Click the
Warning allow to serious and to You the Select to of and where Click to and/or the Select from the following options: choose whether to and text or text Warning choose whether warning and text or text only. Temporary and Temporary High the that the temporary created when to the Click the Select to the from the shown. to the head Normally, graphics this option, the its and then to the as whole (recommended The boxes choose to software or finishing OK to to the the Click to to the
the Checking from The of when and allows to the monitored. Follow these to the the Click the You the Click to Click the EPSON The following appears. (It when appear If or to instructions.
Preferences You to while This of of or other Follow these to Click to and appears the Right-click the then Click the then the You the the
the the Shortcut Icon, right-click the to the Preferences Click the Preferences You the Preferences Select the options to If to the appear the Shortcut Then the to the shortcut, the to the Select Allow of shared and to other Click OK to
Chapter and Transporting the The EPSON to its This chapter the following cleaning the head the the and Cleaning the Transporting the the You from the or from with the EPSON The of that head clogged. If cleaning to clear the Follow these to sheet of the following the instructions (You To from the the or Then the and follow the instructions the To from the and the Then the and follow the instructions the To from the the SelecType repeatedly TEST PRINT MENU the
and Transporting the The the the of the You to authorized EPSON servicer when this The and when the to replaced. Press the Item You NOZZLE CHECK=PRINT the Press the to the the It should something this: Each should with the If as shown below, to cleaning the following section instructions. Cleaning If unexpectedly light or or from the to cleaning This the head they properly. You cleaning from the or from with the EPSON The cleaning should first to that the head cleaning; the only amount of Follow these to cleaning of the lights or flashing. (If to the indicated cleaning To the cleaning from the the or Then the Head Cleaning and follow the instructions the To the cleaning from the and the Then the Head Cleaning and follow the instructions the
To the it off the cleaning finished and the light flashing. To the cleaning from the the Cleaning and least seconds. The light flashes as the cleans its head. The cleaning about three and the light off, or to that the head clean. You to the cleaning to effective cleaning, or If the the appear cleaning EPSON the Head If appears or straight, to the head. You the Head the EPSON If the head the EPSON 24-inch The about (to of each) and the head and the Head the following the instructions Macintosh: the the or the and the Click the Head Follow the The head printed. and Transporting the
and Transporting the the printed, choose the that the each the first below, the the the consists of
the chose each then If the with the and cant selected, the and from the Head from the If the RIP Station or third and the EPSON the head using the First of or Then which of the You the information the to the head Follow these to the head using the the following the instructions Press the SelecType HEAD ALIGNMENT MENU displayed. Press the Item PAPER THICK=STD appears the If EPSON this STD and Transporting the
and the If other the thickness of the the or button. Press the to the ADJUST. PATT.= ALL appears the Press the to the of Each consists of If to the or the appears. Then the the to them to which each the to the shown then with the following to the (or the printed) and which of the the It should something indicating that selected the or to the Then the to the The to to each printed. If to of the repeatedly to through the the the to head and to operation.
EPSON and them. to attributable to the of other covered warranty. the the ready to Cartridges of the lights flashing (and INK LOW the the of the light and INK OUT displayed, the empty. You the the following EPSON Black T460011 Light T465011 T463011 Light T464011 T462011 T461011 the Then follow these to the of the light that or flashing. This the that to the cover. and Transporting the
and Transporting the Warning If them thoroughly with and If them immediately with If cant the smoothly, the the and the containing the to the light). the straight of the the the and from its the with the arrow and to the of the Then the the the light off.
If the light the correctly. the and then as Warning to while the To the hand. the cover. the If that isnt cleanly, the to replaced. If the to heavy or to You the of the sheet or the the or instructions. To C815131), To the first to the as the following section. Removing the Used the then follow these to the Press the SelecType repeatedly CUTTER REPLACE MENU appears the Press the Item CUT. REPLACE=EXEC. appears the Press the The to the and Transporting the
and Transporting the to the or the of the the and OPEN LOWER COVER appears the the cover the REPLACE CUTTER appears the the the while turning the cover to the right. off the The
and Transporting the the from the the New the ready to the Follow these the from its the the If necessary, the the the the shown below.
and Transporting the the while turning the cover to the to the CLOSE LOWER COVER appears the the cover. The to the right) and READY appears the the the head and cleaning necessary. the and With this the the and the To the software from the as below. Click to then Right-click and and or NT) from the Click the You the Click the
If NT, to information, Reference and Transporting the You the and Select from the following High of of the as cache. If high whether or the when EPSON with NT the of EPSON instead of using the You of these beneath the EPSON option: High (DMA) that already DMA higher DMA know that DMA Reference instructions DMA them. information, or technical If DMA Not with NT If than
and Transporting the to the the To the as as the or thinners to the to the or Dont or Dont the of the with the or servicer Click OK to the and to the Then OK to the Cleaning the To its should thoroughly the turned off and the lights the off. Then the cord. the cover and the or other from the the closed. Then to or the cover and to or the cover. Then the cover. If the first the Then or around the If the dirty, with clean cloth with the closed to from If the the cover with off with cloth. To the the shafts, then with and
To the the and follow these instructions the and the Transporting the to should the and Follow these to the the turned Then as the the and the cover closed. Then the to off the The head to the right) TRANSPORT PREP appears the and the light flashes while the Then the light off and the the following Interface or other the necessary. the
and Transporting the Warning The or people using the hand as shown. If using the the wing screws and washers from the and right and them or people the off the the hand the while
the or and Transporting the the Transporting It the to the first the the Assembly and Instructions EPSON recommends the of the charging process, to the the If the and to the such as within the building or facility, the its casters. Follow these that the cord, interface and and the cover and cover closed. You to the Release the front casters and the the to its location. the casters and the The first the the head clogged. You to cleaning and the head to
and Transporting the the Approximately every years (or authorized EPSON servicer the This to to the head and and this service covered the of the warranty. You the of the through the or through the displayed the The the following the when the MAINTENANCE REQ. You should to service this the capacity, the and the following SERVICE REQ.
The first thing should the following the this chapter. Then the the fixed. This chapter instructions the following: USB The EPSON includes of to To the the and lights the information. If the EPSON and or software or information. If the RIP Station the RIP and the or the RIP Station information. (The RIP Station includes troubleshooting To whether the caused the the from the RIP and instructions. You the to Then the to technical or yourself. the following section instructions.
If of the this chapter EPSON as Where To the Introduction. You the to know to the to technical the and turned off. Then follow these Press and the while the to the HEX DUMP=PRINT appears the Press the to the The the with the and ASCII characters the right If the than bytes, to the to finished the to the off and Quality You often the following: and cleaning instructions. the head. instructions. options correctly. information, Chapter or the EPSON or the RIP Station the RIP). If of these try the the following
options incorrectly the or the the or Colors incorrect or options incorrectly the or the the or too the each appears If the too as the If correctly of the or other attached to the instructions. If the head clogged. and cleaning supply or too the lights and necessary, as The head of the head, as If the EPSON the High selected. the If correctly of the or other attached to the instructions. If the head clogged. and cleaning The or options incorrect. options incorrectly the or the the head clogged. and cleaning supply the lights and necessary, as The the to thinner too thick. instructions. The too the to the from WIDE to AUTO instructions. Turn off the High Chapter or instructions. correct.
appears options incorrectly the or or smeared. the the the the specifications or too the If using correctly of the or other attached to the instructions. If the the path. the of the with clean cloth. cleaning instructions. using high Turn off the High or Bi-Directional head clogged. and cleaning The the to thicker too thin. instructions. The too the to the from AUTO to WIDE instructions. the to and thickness and instructions. If the RIP, seconds.
The unexpectedly. The sounds nothing If cant the unexpectedly, or nothing the following: The turned and the light The securely thats switch or If using the RIP Station the interface securely connected to the and RIP and the RIP turned the RIP Station troubleshooting If of these the below: If the light flashing, the or to occurred. the and lights the Follow the instructions the head and cleaning the and lights the the light
Nothing The connected Turn off the and RIP or correctly. the interface securely PPD and/or software correctly. The match the The enough memory (Macintosh). the interface the specifications. Chapter this or the RIP Station Started If RIP, the interface directly connected to the without through switching or If NT the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the software correctly and the RIP or selected. Click to and Right-click then Click the selected the the following Then the to which connected the to the following To increase the memory Macintosh, from the Apple and the Memory You increase the of memory to increase memory. Also,
incorrect or PPD and/or characters. software correctly or selected. incorrect or the correctly they within the inverted. The or as selected If what expected, try the below: You Clear from or the or The correctly. Turn off the and RIP or the interface securely both correctly the options the incorrectly. it correctly with the of the Chapter instructions. The ROLL MARG the incorrect. software correctly and the RIP or selected. If using NT try the EPSON Click to and EPSON then EPSON Uninstall Follow the the If using the ROLL MARG the information. Turn off the RIP Station or (Macintosh) or this instructions.
(continued) printed. PPD and/or software correctly or selected. The head of the head as appears to The of The the the or the smeared. other PPD and/or only. software correctly or selected. The to correctly the options the You selected correct. options incorrectly the the or using EPSON the using the The too the to the from AUTO to WIDE. instructions. Black selected selected. options. The information about Press the the If the its the RIP, Then and the to the software correctly and the RIP or selected. the to and thickness. instructions. software correctly and the RIP or selected.
too The or Choose options too high. enough Clear or using background If the EPSON Macintosh. EPSON and increase its memory ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA If feed or frequently, or of the following the with the of the the back to the information. If using of thats the with the information. the or the within the and the too thick or too thin. and specifications. the Dont too the Turn off memory. RAM to Turn off background If ECP or Enhanced and/or DMA them to and information.
the located brightly The to correctly. the or the the the or information. If using EPSON and thickness. information. Ejection If the without the tightly wound with the as shown below:
If using the the front of the and the as shown: Clearing the and PAPER JAM the Follow these to clear If the the light and light flashing, then the the to release the the
If the head the the cover and the the the right. the TURN PWR OFF AND ON the the cover, necessary, then the to the off. Press to the back the light and LOAD PAPER the Then the with the information. If to the head the right) as shown below. If the the head to the then off the head
USB connected directly to the USB clean of or You to or the USB that from about Checking USB If the the completed, the USB or the incorrectly. Follow these to the and the necessary: Turn the the USB the and the Right-click the then Click the If correctly EPSON USB Devices should appear the
If EPSON USB Devices appear the the Other to the If USB appears Other the USB correctly. If EPSON appears, the correctly. If neither USB appears Other Refresh or the USB from the then Other USB or then and OK the following appears, OK Then OK to the the USB from the then follow the instructions to the
USB If correctly with USB try or of these the USB as the PARA. I/F COMPAT You this the as A-3. If this the off and back If USB the to the first of the or the to the USB directly. the USB and the software. EPSON Software the the then EPSON USB Devices. Next, the software, following the If EPSON USB Devices the the CD-ROM and Then follow the on-screen instructions. to to
Chapter Specifications Color: each yellow, light light Printable Printable Printable Printable Character characters inch, graphics inches 24-inch A1 coverage (or years) head approximately and covered warranty) Approximately A1 (EPSON to thick) Bidirectional or ESC/P spacing inch or 1/360-inch milliseconds 1/6-inch RAM RAM RAM RAM 10MB Character Character Character Character EPSON characters inch
Specifications specifications A1 to US A1 B2 to A2 A3/B US C B3 US A3 B4 A4 B5 With 2-inch or optional 3-inch the feed and EPSON with thicknesses of to reduce and or other If switch to higher of curled, or inches Thickness Thickness to to to
inches. and sheets: top and inches You to inches or inches the instructions. to to to C) to C) month F) Humidity (without Mechanical Height inches inches inches without or feed Friction and sheets) or sheets with insertion to RH to RH to RH Specifications to to C) hours F)
Specifications to to Rated to to to to Rated (ISO 15W or the the back of the information. The to its The input and cleared. The to the Software when the ESC@ the received: The cleared. The to the the the seconds or The head capped. the ejected. The input and cleared. The to the UL CSA EMC EMC EMC EMC FCC B, CSA C108.8
Cartridges duty) duty) Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge Cartridge years from to F to C) month F to F to C) month F to F to C) month F, hours F F C); thaws and least hours 77F C) Height Weight Capacity Capacity Capacity Capacity head cleaning and the of the reduced of Specifications
Specifications Interface IEEE-1284 Synchronization STROBE BUSY and ACKNLG TTL Connector Amphenol or IEEE-1284 Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 ECP IEEE-1284 ECP Amphenol or Synchronization to the IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284 IEEE-1284 to the IEEE-1284
USB Interface Based Universal Specifications Revision Universal Class Definition Devices NRZI USB Recommended Specifications
Specifications
A: the You the SelecType the to (as as the and operations.) The following the their and where to information: SelecType the or and thickness and and the Head the head This chapter the following Selecting the interface the interface the the Restoring information,
A-2 the Selecting the Interface The includes both and USB interface. You optional interface or connectivity. the switches to whichever interface You the to to the Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly INTERFACE=AUTO* appears the This the Press the once to the interface. INTERFACE=PARA./USB appears the the to the OPTION (optional) interface. You the or to through three selected the the to Press the SelecType to the A-2
If using ECP switch back to USB the Interface You the to the interface to ECP To this directly to the interface (without RIP), and the ECP information. Follow these to the interface: Press the SelecType button. PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly PARA. I/F=COMPAT* appears the This that (the selected. Press the PARA. I/F=ECP appears the This the interface to ECP Press the to Press the SelecType to the the The the PC437 (U.S. and character You the to to the PC850 character necessary. Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly CODE PAGE=PC437* appears the Press the CODE PAGE=PC850 appears the Press the to Press the SelecType to the the A-3 A-3
A-4 the the displayed English. to to of the following French Spanish the turned off, then follow these to the Press and the while the to turn the HEX DUMP=PRINT appears the Press the Item LANGUAGE=ENGLISH* displayed. Press the or the displayed. Press the to the Press the to the off and Restoring You SelecType and them to their Follow these Press the SelecType PRINTER SETTING MENU appears the Press the Item repeatedly INIT. PANEL=EXEC appears. Press the to and the Press the SelecType to the A-4