T2240/9 T2240/24 T2340/24 T2340/9
(73/23/EEC) relating to low-voltage Conformity with the Directives This the complying with the Directive of the (89/336/EEC) relating to and the Directive February indicated the CE to the Conformity affected by: Rates (89/336/EWG) (73/23/EWG) this the of instructions the interface complying with the specifications unauthorized This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference and reception. It type tested and found to with the computing with the of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following Information (89/336/CE) (73/23/CE) basse (CE). If necessary, the should the or The the following the helpful: to and Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, WARNING: To comply with FCC ference computing the shielded. To with FCC regulations computing shielded interface with The of This the from as the interference the peripheral that the peripheral and properly shielded FCC of the of This with DOC C108.8-M DC branch the peripheral from the receiver, the peripheral from the the (89/336/CEE) (73/23/CEE) CE (89/336/CEE) (73/23/CEE) CE. ATTENTION: trained and covers or that explicitly shown and the as to Fachpersonal ADVERTENCIA o the ATTENZIONE WARNUNG ATTENTION WARNING interface The of treated with chlorine-free bleaching process. blanchis
QUICK START-UP Introduction The the Loading the type (I) (II) Specifications this instructions the Troubleshooting Unpacking the Positioning Connecting the Switching the and off selection to the tear the tear the first (TOF) the head From to From to Selecting the character pitch specifications ENGLISH of
Introduction Introduction This as introduction with the and to users to the properly. It the of the and the information with the of the its characteristic features and further informa- tion the reference the CD-ROM which included the back of this this information highlighted this STOP the following instructions the operation to instructions from and to the STOP STOP the First the the already To follow the the README the READER directory. To the the or NT) and the START.PDF Then follow the instructions and the If CD-ROM should or please The as fee) and the PC AT CD-ROM, Troubleshooting The the CD-ROM information shooting. CAUTION information which to to the and to the NOTE or information about topic this readily the that it to the ground. the to high or sunlight. from the the to shock, or switch the when to the to and yourself; service technician. to the from the supply, the from the You information the
Interface Connector Rear Perforated Thickness Right Cover Selection Option Connectors Switch Access ENGLISH The The following the of each and the the following shows the of each The
Rear It to reduce It when the upright It to the of the this to the front, the released and the Access Perforated this the Tear to this Thickness It to the paper-pinching of the with the thickness of the to used. the Thickness Interface Connector It to the I/O to the It to the cord. Selection It to the type of to the Continuous It when Continuous to This when (ASF) or the Optional Tractor to attached. Right the right of the to this It and as It as Sheet when the option to ASF, or ALL the Initial They of the Access Cover the Ink-ribbon Cartridge to or to this to allow to the related It to from the mechanical of the It to manually or backward. Switch It to ON or OFF the of the Option Connector It to (ASF) or the Optional Tractor. The Functions It the and to It as sheet already when the option to OFF the Initial
the to sunlight. If the from with the the to which connected. The from that the to or humidity. to If and with should the as illustrated the choosing should the following: STOP the near of easily or Positioning the and such that easy to the and the and the ejected. Ink-ribbon Cord CD-ROM If item ordamaged,pleasecontact thestore where the purchased. the protection as the instructions. The and the or the Please them ENGLISH Unpacking the Please the and that the following items included. Unpacking Instructions
Switch Switching the and off The switch, which switching the and off, located the right of the the of the to the interface and with the the other of the to the STOP that the and the switched off. that the to the the USA). to the type the the of the If this the the to the as shown the the to STOP switch the when to the this Connecting the Plate
You using the and the The first of the informs about whether the or and about the selected or switching the selects It from the this Tear and the this the to the to If loaded: If loaded: Short LF feed FF Short Short feed Clears the with and activates selection LF/FF Paperway Char the to the to Tear Activates the tear function when If displayed this the the to to the the to this the following the and the of characters inch Char Tear and first Other Access to the other options the information to to these options as as about the options to the the CD-ROM, chapter Unlock the ENGLISH
STOP The Head please to the of the Head. head the head to the Access Cover the the right and the Access to the front, and the Access Thickness the Thickness to the the the the STOP the cover, that the switched off.
Ribbon the Ribbon the Head and the and the clicks. Turn the Ribbon the indicated the arrow to the ribbon. attaching the Ribbon to the Also, to the shield that become the Ribbon from the Ink-ribbon Cartridge. the shield that to the Ribbon to the ribbon. Ink-ribbon ENGLISH the Ribbon A the A the of the Ink-ribbon Cartridge to the of the the the clicks. If there while turning the Ribbon
Loading Loading to from the front of the The from the or the front. Please to the the CD-ROM, Chapter Access which this information, to the the CD-ROM, C Specification Switch the Ink-ribbon Cartridge the Access the Thickness with the thickness of the to used. to the head Turn the Switch of the ON the Thickness to the type of to used. to the head the the indicated the arrow. While the the Trays.
Loading Sheet Selection the Selection to that the to to selection the the or right. (The [A the asheet of to theLeft and the Right to the right of the the the and Right The to the and the ready to The feed-out about sheets (ream) and the to feed to the the to to the front, the ENGLISH
Tractor Plate Tractor the of the and Right Tractors. Match the and Right Tractors to the the Plate the the and Right Tractors. the and Right Tractor Fixing the indicated the arrow), and release the Selection the Selection to Continuous the to its upright This closing of the cover. Loading the Thickness to the type of to used. to the head
Fixing Switch the The active displayed. when the and from the Press the to Tractor the Tractor Fixing to the Tractor. the Right Tractor to and then the Fixing to If the the Right Tractor the of the Tractor. to stretch the that tears. the the the Tractors or right. The [A the Tractor With the of the facing the feeding the of the the Tractor and the the feeding theright the the Right Tractor and the To that the and right feeding used, and tor of the ENGLISH Loading
the the indicated the arrow. While holding the the Trays. the the or right. of to the and the Right to the right of the the the and Right The to the Loading from the Selection to Loading The and Turn The to The and If selection within seconds, the the selection First the fed-out of Continuous the perforated To this, as follows. that the the necessary. Press the If the to the tear Tear off appears the Press If the ejected. Select the of the the type You the type (the path) the selection or the the type
Tear Press the torn off the The the back to the first Tear Tear Tractor1 that the Press the Tear The the perforation of the to the tear The and to the tear to the tear the Tear that the the necessary. Short (LF) initiated Short Short upwards (FF) initiated Continuous Continuous Loaded sheets) the LF/FF ENGLISH Press the to the ready operation.
Char You should the tear the TOF function (when Press the The to the first (TOF) You the TOF function to the of the individually each and each The correction of both retained power-off. TearAdj=00/72" TOF Tear Tear Press the Press the or to the perforation to the Confirm the the The to its LF/FF Char Press the The to Press the (I) the tear If the tear of the with the tear of the (I)
The retained power-off. information, to the the CD-ROM, chapter Mechanical to the Press the or to the first to the You from to from to sheets. Confirm the pressing the The to its TOF Tear TOF Press the The of the currently first of the to the tear The factory the first ENGLISH (I) Char Press the
Ream of thickness, indicating the weight of sheets the only, of and thicker or of and thicker used. the Thickness higher than the appear scratchy and the head and shortened. Card The following shows the of Thickness of Thin Normal Thick Thickness To the thePrint Head and the to to the thickness of the to used. (II) the head The with Thickness the head (II)
The to its and the to the The and Tear off Press Confirm the pressing the The input acknowledged acoustic and the ported to the tear the fed-out of the Continuous the perforated the appears Press Paperway Char Tractor Press or to to operating Tractor The currently You to the the fed-out of the Continuous the perforated To this, as follows. Press the The to Press the The to the ENGLISH From to sheet and to to as below. (II)
The currently Paperway Char Press the The to the Press or to to From to and to to as below. that loaded. to Loading the and the Press the The to from the appears the and the of to the and the Right to the right of the the the and Right The matically to the Press the to the ready operation. (II) Turn the Selection to
CPI Press the The to its You the The directly DRAFT COPY Font CPI Press the Font Press the or to the Confirm selection the Selecting Font You the to Char Press the Char Press the LF/FF Turn The and the Selection to the The ready Press the to the ready operation. ENGLISH (II) Tractor1 Confirm the the acoustic acknowledges the input.
(II) STOP the You the CPI to the character pitch character pitch Char Font CPI CPI Font CPI STOP The selection retained power-off. information to permanently, to the CD-ROM, chapter Press the Press the Char Press the CPI Press the or to the pitch. Confirm selection the Press the The to its You the The directly The selection retained power-off. information to permanently, to the CD-ROM, chapter
of weight thickness of wire) wire) specifications head of of Interface Regulations UL VDE-GS, CE, FCC Class B, UL VDE-GS, CE, FCC Class B, of of Acoustic (A) (A) (W D) (W D) (W D) (W D) AC AC AC AC throughput VA the Ready VA throughput< VA the Ready VA Humidity C to C to C to C to with head with head width characters characters characters characters (bidirectional) NLQ Character only) Graphics Ribbon Copy NLQ/LQ ENGLISH Specifications specifications Specifications
The information the firmware attributes and Narrow while switching the to the To terminate switch off the Accessories Ribbon information specifications and specifications, to the the CD-ROM.
rights Translations, or copying of this or or the right to to this without to of information this responsibility or from or of information Tous Toute traduction Nous Toutes informations toute o o assicurare o o incluso CENTRONICS of IBM of International and NT EPSON of America Incorporated. MS-DOS of Microsoft Corporation. TRADEMARK ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS of Microsoft Corporation. Corporation. Corporation. ,,CENTRONICS ,,EPSON America Incorporated. ,,IBM International NT ,,MS-DOS Microsoft Corporation. Microsoft Corporation. Corporation. WARENZEICHEN Corporation. CENTRONICS EPSON America Incorporated. IBM International NT MS-DOS Microsoft Corporation. Microsoft Corporation. MARQUES DPOSES Computer Corporation. Corporation. CENTRONICS EPSON America IBM International NT MS-DOS Microsoft Corporation. marchi Microsoft Corporation. MARCHI REGISTRATI Computer Corporation. Corporation. Incorporated. CENTRONICS EPSON America IBM International MS-DOS Microsoft Corporation. NT Microsoft Corporation. MARCAS REGISTRADAS Corporation. Corporation. Incorporated
Martin F-92237 FRANCE Tally S.A. South, Street WA Tally U.S.A. U.S.A. TALLY REPRESENTATIVES Tally D-89019 GERMANY Tally A-1232 AUSTRIA Austria Hampshire UNITED KINGDOM Rutherford England, U.K. Tally RG24 8PD I-20094 (MI) Borsini Tally S.R.L. ITALY Federation and C.I.S. Tally Federation Office D-206 L4Z 2E5 Phone: Tally CANADA Building Tally AMT SINGAPORE Tally SRL SPAIN Tally