TM-C100 Technical Reference English EPSON
of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The of this to without Please the information. While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation. Microsoft and NT of Microsoft Corporation. Other and and of their Revision Information authorized C restriction of C CAUTIONS TRADEMARKS TM-C100 Technical Reference
Information to The following this Please the of the the WARNING: followed to serious or death. CAUTION: to the following of Physical to property of and the Notes useful information about the performance of and its operation. C
Turn off the and or to fire or shock. or the Doing injury, fire, or shock. To the of shock, the or to when there the specified fire or shock. or the with Doing shock. allow to the Doing fire or shock. If or other the off the POWER switch immediately and the to the fire or shock. to the Doing fire. the directly from the with improperly fire or shock. the heavy the twisting, and the heating that the the of the the C WARNING: TM-C100 Technical Reference
CAUTION: shown this Doing fire, and the the or Doing to the or location. Doing fire or shock. the or heavy Doing the or to leading to To the from the when containing or around this Doing fire. Restriction of this high reliability/safety such as related to or functional/ should this to inclusion of and to and reliability. The the options. these to the as telephone to to them. C
Related Software and Related Software and TM-C100 This information allowing the to the TM- C100 and correctly. This the with the TM-C100 Technical Reference This EPSON OPOS-X ADK This the OCX EPSON OPOS-X ADK This information using OPOS-X. This included the EPSON OPOS-X ADK.* Advanced This Advanced This information the APD Advanced This included the EPSON Advanced You these items from of the following URLs: from North customers from other Select the from the Select pull-down C
TM-C100 Technical Reference Chapter Product Product Specification TM-C100 related products Chapter and Operations Procedure options the ASF the Connecting the the Connecting the to the PC POS the PC POS Advanced (APD) and OPOS and of the EPSON OPOS-X ADK Chapter the to and the With the (ASF) to and the With the to and and the Cartridge head cleaning the switch the the of the when the Troubleshooting Flashing The occurred from the ASF C TM-C100 Technical Reference
The FAQ Cutting the such as matching Procedure With the ASF With the Chapter Application Information the Advanced OPOS-X Precautions OPOS-X Distinguishing the ASF and specifications Selecting the feed type (ASF specification) Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A.1 Product Specifications A-1 A.2 Specifications A-3 A.3 Specification A-4 A.3.1 and A-5 A.3.1.1 A-5 A.3.1.2 A-6 A.4 ASF Specification A-7 A.4.1 A-8 A.4.1.1 A-8 A.5 Specifications A-9 A.5.1 A-10 A.5.1.1 A-10 A.6 Specifications A-10 A.6.1 and A-10 A.6.2 A-10 A.6.3 A-11 A.6.3.1 A-11 A.6.3.2 ASF specification. A-12 B.1 B-1 B.1.1 Advanced B-1 B.1.1.1 Advanced B-1 B.1.1.2 Advanced B-1 B.1.1.3 Advanced B-2 B.1.2 EPSON OPOS ADK B-2 B.1.2.1 EPSON OPOS ADK B-3 B.1.2.2 EPSON OPOS ADK B-3 B.1.2.3 EPSON OPOS ADK B-4 B.1.3 to the B-4 C
Chapter Product The TM-C100 applications. photographs and POP items, the the following features. Since and light-weight, effectively counter Thanks to its high and it every as the efficiently using the You of such as business and the with of POS peripheral with the OPOS established the UnifiedPOS Committees. The and Product Specification TM-C100 following types, the feed TM-C100 TM-C100 ASF C Product TM-C100 Technical Reference
The with the following included only) the as as The with USB Please this yourself. TM-C100 related products The below shows the TM-C100 related products. ASF to the with the TM-C100 ASF specification. the from the TM-C100, the ASF attaching this option. TM-C100 This necessary with the TM-C100. The TM-C100 that other of This with the OPOS-X ADK OCX with the OPOS-X and included. To these items, please and from of the following URLs: Product C to the with the TM-C100 specification. the ASF from the ASF TM-C100, attaching this option. This with the TM-C100. This with the ASF TM- C100. Technical Reference This Advanced This This includes to the
from North from other countries: Select the from the Select pull-down SJIC9P, SJIC10P(K) The TM-C100 You other type of that to that performance. The following of with the TM-C100 These purchased from of type width ENP105-090 ENP076-090 ENL105-090 ENL090-090 ENL076-090 EFP105-090 EFP076-090 EAP105-090 EAP076-090 that to that performance. C Product TM-C100 Technical Reference
The following of with the TM-C100 (ASF These purchased from of type sheets ENS105-148 A6 EFS105-148 A6 sheets that to that performance. Product C
Chapter and Operations Release Pressing this switches the to and release (ready insertion of Release (ready to Release lowered: released ready to to the of to the products, to and the C release cover locking TM-C100 Technical Reference of the INK LED CLEANING switch POWER LED POWER switch PAPER LED PAPER switch
ASF of the Release Pressing this switches the to and released (ready insertion of Release (ready to Release lowered: released ready to supplying from the (ASF), to the release It when feeding hand. to the of to the products, to and the C POWER LED POWER switch PAPER LED PAPER switch release (ASF) cover INK LED CLEANING switch
The following shows the functions of the POWER switch This switches the and off. The POWER LED whether the or off. POWER LED: Indicates whether the or off. the POWER LED the cover or off the If the POWER LED and another LED flashing the that occurred. "Troubleshooting" PAPER switch Pressing this the Normally to With the ASF the ASF PAPER LED: Indicates the of the If the PAPER LED and another LED flashing the that occurred. "Troubleshooting" C On: The The off. off) The operation. (cleaning, process, power-off process, and CAUTION: turning the off, the POWER switch. If the turned off the instead of the POWER switch and the or the head become and the to the power-off process. On: The cover Normal The insertion of feeding, ejecting, or the TM-C100 Technical Reference
CLEANING switch The head cleaning the switch seconds or information about head cleaning, head cleaning" Head cleaning that head cleaning than shortens the of the INK LED: Indicates the of On: installed, or of It to the Normal and Indicates that the to the If another LED flashing the irrespective of the of the INK LED, it that occurred. "Troubleshooting" C
Procedure To the performance from to the as required. The the as follows. C the options ASF the to the the the the the options to the type, and the action TM-C100 Technical Reference
options using the ASF the ASF the the the ASF that the connected to the AC If the off and the AC the of the sheet through the the the of the the the top of the the back. to catch the of the sheet the and the sheet C the the
the the the and the the of the the option the of the back of the the the to of the ASF If the without attaching the the that C option TM-C100 Technical Reference
the that the connected to the AC If the off and the AC the of the the the back of the while the the of the the the of the the the of the the front. This of the If the without attaching the the that Connecting the WARNING: the incorrect supply fire or shock. With the POWER switch of the turned off, that the of the to the the the supply to the the supply matches that of the the to the C
the the To the the with the arrow and straight Turn the the turned the ASF or to the ASF or to the accordingly. the of the the the Instruction when the the Cartridge" to the There the and the four-color If the match the type, the Check that the turned the cover, the the from its and the the the promptly the If of its of affected. the the top of the the the facing the right the the of the cover. C TM-C100 Technical Reference
the clicks force. the cover (the INK LED off). If the INK LED the properly. the the first the charging about the charging the POWER LED flashes. the charging finished, the POWER LED flashing, and the ready off the or the cover the charging (while the POWER LED flashing). If the the charging from the This C
Connecting the to the PC POS To the to USB interface The with Please this yourself. If the turned off with the POWER switch. the to the back of the the USB through the as shown the below. the USB through the as shown the the from the and with the USB to the C TM-C100 Technical Reference
the PC POS of the TM-C100. The the Advanced (APD) and OPOS-X Advanced (APD) The Advanced (APD) and information about the Advanced B-1. and The the APD shown below. procedures, the Advanced You the with the to the B-4. the the option to OPOS and information about the EPSON OPOS-X ADK, "EPSON OPOS ADK" B-2. and the and The included of the OPOS-X ADK C
The and as follows. DISK1, then follow the the You to OPOS-X and C OPOS-X ADK completed? Completed the to OPOS-X and OPOS-X and Select the and I/F type and Font and TM-C100 Reference to the
CheckHealth and the C Succeeded OPOS-X and and completed. with the OPOS-X with the CheckHealth the to the [Application
Chapter the This chapter typical of the and troubleshooting. to and the With the (ASF) to and the that without or with the of the back. the the the back of the If there obstruction the that there the that the turned If turned off, the sheets of and the that the With the facing the vertically the the the or right to the it with the of the C the TM-C100 Technical Reference
If the release lowered, and the release If that too than to it from the top of the of the right If that "A occurred" the following The turned The release the from the the operation the the and the this operation. the release If the release to release and the If the cover the cover closed, With the to and CAUTION: the and the the of the instructions the that the turned If the turned off, Press the release to the If the attached to the the locking of the and the to the the C
the there If there the also. the of the the instructions the the to off of the the the of the while the of the the the of the as shown below. the as as the the while the locking of the the that there of the that the straight. Press the release to the The and to the If the turned when the release the positioned. this the release with the turned and C the CAUTION: Attempting to the without the locking the the when the TM-C100 Technical Reference
the following The turned The release the command from the the the release If the release to release and the the and the the If the cover the closed, and hand You feed with the when the Turn the off, and the first. information to the the the to feed." from the With the ASF sheet that without command from the ejected. command from the first. that the (the PAPER LED flashing), and the release to release the the the right of the and the of the with the the C
that the straight. Press the release that the release the (clamped). Positioning and of the automatically. the release If the release to release and the the the back of the If there obstruction the that there the the Cartridge the instruction when the There the and the If the match the type, the that the turned the and the cover. the of the currently and the the when C the CAUTION: The the that to the covered with To dirty, touch or apply to the Doing the functioning of the Since the supply the of the when that Also, where TM-C100 Technical Reference
the from its and the the the promptly the If of its of affected. the the top of the the the facing the right the the of the cover. the it clicks firmly the cover (the INK LED off). The the about the the POWER LED flashes. the finished, the POWER LED flashing, and the ready off the or the cover the (the POWER LED flashing). If the the from the This the C
head cleaning If the appears the head this the to its performance with head cleaning. cleaning head cleaning there with the the switch the Cleaning the CLEANING switch the seconds or The POWER LED flashes cleaning. finishes flashing the POWER LED flashing cleaning), the cover or off the the closed, or when the turned cleaning which cleaning head cleaning there with the the of the The and OPOS-X with the information to them. when the To when the the following the the that the half-used to that from its C the TM-C100 Technical Reference
Troubleshooting Flashing of the the the normally. than LED or flashing, occurred. the below. LED Measures POWER PAPER INK On Normal The and its necessary. On On cover the cover. On Flashing the following Flashing command from the the of If there the the or the ASF and from the and the to feed The to or the operation finishes, the PAPER LED off automatically. while. LED when occurred. On Flashing Although there ready. Flashing On operating Flashing as cleaning, Flashing Flashing operating as head the C LED when occurred. On of or the If the turned with the and the cover closed, the LED as follows: POWER: Flashing PAPER: INK: On there operation. while and the to operation. of and the to
LED Measures POWER PAPER INK Flashing Flashing On or Flashing Flashing Flashing The head or reached the of their the serviced. The If than the that printed, or and to information the of the that used, Specification" A-4 and "ASF Specification" A-7. If than the that printed, to easily. this the option (ASF or and the If force. the serviced. occurred with the following Turn off the the release that released. the the and that there or the If there or the that to the serviced. Turn the (The automatically.) from the ASF the following information to the the the "Option to "ASF." C the TM-C100 Technical Reference Turn off the promptly, and there the Then the If these the to the serviced.
OPOS-X, the option automatically. only the the the to "ASF." Turn off the and the of the ASF to the Then the with "ASF Specification" A-7 that the of the using the specification. If following and hand" the following information to the the the to feed." If the attached, that the PAPER LED flashes the from the the with Specifications" A-9 that the of the using the the APD, the the the the when finishes, irrespective of the that the information to the the OPOS-X, that there The specification) You Procedure" to the operation of the If the the properly. it serviced. the the the information to the the OPOS-X, that there the C
FAQ turning the without the the OPOS-X, that there Cutting the specification) turning off and the the the using OPOS-X, to the that there or such as matching Unfortunately neither APD OPOS-X these functions currently. Please the yourself. With the the operating properly. It the head and firmware This of other or software, to when first the and If the correctly, the the other or the software, the Procedure With the ASF that the turned off, the closed, and the ASF properly. the ASF. While FEED the C the TM-C100 Technical Reference
and The to as as the Normal If this feeding hand" With the You the of the with the when the that the off, the closed, and the properly. While FEED the and the The ready to as as the Normal If this feeding hand" the C
that the turned off, the cover properly closed, and option (ASF, While FEED the the release that released, and the Press the release that the release the (clamped). and The ready to as as the Normal C the TM-C100 Technical Reference
the C
Application Information This chapter information POS the the Advanced the Advanced to the necessary yourself. the with creation software or the the the to the when the below.) OPOS-X OPOS-X, with the OPOS-X the following OPOS-X UPCA UPCE JAN13 EAN13 JAN EAN8 CODE39 ITF CODABAR CODE93 CODE128 PDF417 C Application Information TM-C100 Technical Reference
Precautions OPOS-X This section the when OPOS-X. of the the OPOS-X Distinguishing the ASF and specifications OPOS-X from the connected TM-C100 whether the ASF or necessary. Selecting the type (ASF With the ASF of the TM-C100, the property to ASF or feeding as the feed type. to the OPOS to this to account the feed and wasteful of the head. To to the or the DirectIO to with the TM-C100. You the to the used. Application Information C
Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A.1 Product Specifications Item Interface USB supply with AC (rated) (rated) to VAC (rated) to Applicable CE EMC Directive: 89/336/EEC EN55022 Class EN55024 IEC61000-4-2 IEC61000-4-3 IEC61000-4-4 IEC61000-4-5 IEC61000-4-6 IEC61000-4-11 TV (EN Product head (Shots the of the head.) ASF (The of when the reaches the of the wear-out MTBF hours as occurring the MCBF This based relating to wearout and to the of and to to RH to to RH loaded) (within hours 20C or to to RH rated 70C (This NOT whenever operating or to to to to to to C Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A-1 North EMI: FCC/ICES-003 Class America: UL 60950/CSA C22.2 EMC: AS/NZS 3548/CISPR22 Class EMI: VCCI Class Approximately Approximately TM-C100 Technical Reference
Item Specification Packaged: to Acceleration approximately G} specifications: hour XYZ or internal and occurred operation the Packaged: specifications (ANSI (including using the A-2 Product Specifications of the TM-C100 C Unpacked: Height corner, and Height and release or and occurred operation
A.2 Specifications Item Bidirectional, and friction feed A-3 of sheets High Normal Uni Uni inch)] C Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A-3 of integrated yellow, of each the when *This with and the ordinary years from the of ordinary this years includes the year the The years from the of the containing the and the Black of the the when *This with and the ordinary years from the of ordinary this years includes the the The years from the of the containing the and the TM-C100 Technical Reference
bidirectional with without cleaning, or feed or the and A.3 Specification Item type: length: TOF/BOF selection: from to type: Friction feed Continuous feed approximately53 type: both to thickness: to to (JIS P8124) to Core: pasted with length: approximately and or the specification: ASF Approximately when immediately the A-4 Product Specifications of the TM-C100 C
A.3.1 and A.3.1.1 C Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A-5 to and TM-C100 Technical Reference or when [Unit:
A.3.1.2 both of only). the (the of only). The typical there the and thickness of the this account when the of the and the A-6 Product Specifications of the TM-C100 C to and sheets) when or [Unit:
A.4 ASF Specification Item specifications feed type: Friction ASF Detection optional Detection the TOF/BOF specifications type: to to (length) thickness: to to (JIS P8124) to sheets of sheets Combined thickness or (including the sheets or (with thickness of or (with thickness of Approximately The without or the top the the and or of the and causing and therefore necessary. to properly, that or as shown the following and of the and the and C Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A-7 and and and the and or or or [Unit: typical] TM-C100 Technical Reference or
A.4.1 A.4.1.1 that where reduced A-8 Product Specifications of the TM-C100 C or (high feed [Unit:
A.5 Specifications Item Specification specifications type: to to (length) thickness: to (reference to (JIS P8124) to sheets The without or the top the the and or of the and causing and therefore necessary. to properly, that or as shown the following and of the and the and C Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A-9 and and and the and or or or [Unit: typical] TM-C100 Technical Reference or
A.5.1 A.5.1.1 that where reduced A.6 Specifications A.6.1 and and Approximately Approximately Approximately Approximately ASF Approximately Approximately Approximately includes the (retracted). includes the and include A.6.2 Cool White (E.C.W.) A-10 Product Specifications of the TM-C100 C or (high Height [Unit:
A.6.3 A.6.3.1 C Product Specifications of the TM-C100 A-11 retracted) TM-C100 Technical Reference [Unit: typical
A.6.3.2 ASF A-12 Product Specifications of the TM-C100 C ASF retracted) [Unit: typical
This chapter information B.1 The and of the following Advanced EPSON OPOS ADK To the to the this chapter. B.1.1 Advanced the Advanced to the with B.1.1.1 Advanced The Advanced the following features. You from typical applications. You the of the with only the TM-C100). You the API with such as This to the of the with The API the API the which exclusively this the B.1.1.2 Advanced The the PC and the necessary DLL and software API USB C B-1 TM-C100 Technical Reference
The following other packages. Advanced API: Reference B.1.1.3 Advanced Supported interfaces USB Supported operating OS's) XP information, please or B.1.2 EPSON OPOS ADK EPSON OPOS ADK the OLE POS (OPOS) OPOS the UnifiedPOS and (OCX) conforming to OPOS. this when OPOS The EPSON OPOS ADK the following features. EPSON OPOS ADK the OPOS (CO SO) the UnifiedPOS the OPOS such as and the such as and and the function when and installation, which easy PC. It to include the function Direct I/O with to the TM as as function, offline buffering and Previously these to they the reducing information the API the UnifiedPOS the following B-2 C
B.1.2.1 EPSON OPOS ADK OPOS included the EPSON OPOS ADK, the following features. CO each and SO Direct I/O with the counter Prints NVRAM and function (recovering to the the turned off when turning the clearance the of the while offline) function function) and CO (the API and its the of offline or and B.1.2.2 EPSON OPOS ADK The EPSON OPOS ADK function that the OPOS without appearing the interface, installation. With this the OPOS OPOS and below. OPOS The following CO, SO, header C++, header VB, TLB CO, or information Installation/uninstallation/instructions each Application of OPOS applications: Editions specifications and each C B-3 TM-C100 Technical Reference
You and to and (Waiting to and You VB and VC++. B.1.2.3 EPSON OPOS ADK Supported interfaces USB Supported operating OS's) XP B.1.3 to the the information from of the following URLs: from North America, to the following customers from other to the following Select the from the "Select B-4 C
EPSON SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION