M00053900
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation and other countries/regions. Microsoft, and of Microsoft Corporation. The Ethernet interface of this includes software the University of California, and its NOTICE: The of this to without Copyright Corporation.
and The following to the that (EMC tested the North America: FCC/ICES-003 Class FCC American This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instruction interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the -Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 FCC According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: M242A DECLARATION of CONFORMITY TM-C3400
Precautions This section information to and effective of this Please this section and location. immediately or to fire. Immediately the and or service to this yourself. or this with this or fire. the specified AC M159B) only. to fire. the and includes ground (PE shock If with AC that the allow to the to fire. If or other this the immediately, and then or service to fire. containing or around this Doing fire. other than those this and to this firm, The or locations to high or and or fire. heavy top of this or this or causing and injury. To this the from the when TM-C3400 WARNING: CAUTION:
The the the following to the of the Restriction of this high reliability/ such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. Unpacking The following items should included with the If items SJIC15P) switch AC M159B)* AC USB (USB interface only) TM-C3400 and CD Instruction AC The AC the CAUTION: TM-C3400
Release TM-C3400 LED LED LED LED cover switch switch
switch on/off the switch cover the switch cover the switch of the switch. If with the switch cover attached, the AC immediately. fire. LED Lights when the and off when the off. when the operating head cleaning, or or LED Lights or flashes when the offline, and off when the LED Flashes when or the nearly Lights when to the when the or correctly and when the when the LED Lights when the or correctly when the correctly the FEED the WARNING: TM-C3400
Follow the below to the CAUTION: first the using the INCLUDED completed charging Installing/Replacing the Cartridge it with the Connecting the AC Connecting the to the and with the DIP switches the the Attaching/adjusting the TM-C3400 with
the the and vibration-free the correctly, and caught. the with the cover The unexpectedly, and caught. to the cover and the cushion the enough front of the the cover and the to the locations. Protect the from heavy They allow to catch or to the Connecting the AC the M159B as the AC other AC shock and fire. Should the AC immediately off the to the and the AC from the the of the AC to the AC and then the of the AC the CAUTION: WARNING: TM-C3400
Connecting to the USB Interface CAUTION: the the the to the the USB as shown below. Ethernet Interface the to the the Ethernet shielded as shown below. TM-C3400 the from off. the from off.
and Follow the below to and the CAUTION: to the operating You to as with rights. the TM-C3400 and CD Click TM-C3400EasySetup. Follow the instructions to Utility. the USB Interface that the turned off. Click the TM-C3400 TM-C3400
Click and then Complete the following the instructions displayed. If the the to the the installation, turn the Ethernet Interface Turn the Click the TM-C3400 Click and then Network TM-C3400 Complete the following the instructions displayed. Network the installation.
with DIP switches, and then with TM-C3400 Utility. with DIP Switches CAUTION: DIP switch only when the turned or the the interface. If the that, the Turn off the the cover and the DIP switch cover. the DIP switches, the of such as screwdriver. SW Function ON OFF Initial on/off of the switch OFF to OFF OFF selection to OFF change.) High OFF TM-C3400
with Turn the Click the TM-C3400 Click Complete the following the instructions displayed. TM-C3400
Installing/Replacing the with the cover The unexpectedly, and caught. CAUTION: first the using the INCLUDED completed charging Installing/Replacing the Cartridge with Confirm that correctly installing/replacing the straight from the as shown the If straight to such as obstruction, the distorted. CAUTION: TM-C3400
the the first (when the the first and the (when type of and the type: the release to the cover, and the or the cover. TM-C3400 the feed the Loading the and turning the
the feed CAUTION: The should attached to the when to the when the release to the cover. If the attached the of the cover, the of the arrow to the cover. the the to this the release to the cover. Unlock the TM-C3400
the the the of the arrow, and the with the completely the the Unlock the using the of tool, such as the to with the the and then the cover. TM-C3400
Loading the and turning the the release to the cover. the with the completely the While the with the the cover. Turn the and then the automatically. TM-C3400
the (when type of and the type: Removing the the the type, the cover and the to the the cover and the cover. TM-C3400 Attaching the the Turning the and the
the feed CAUTION: to the when the cover and the the release to the cover. the feed the of the cover to the cover. the Unlock the the of such as TM-C3400
the as as and the and the the to with the and TM-C3400 the first or when the to to and
Turning the and the Turn the the LED flashing, the with the and then the automatically. the straight least from the the cover. TM-C3400
Installing/Replacing the Cartridge CAUTION: the the first to the the to the Installing/Replacing about inches of and the the right the that off the and then back the EPSON SJIC15P as the the ready to the the from the when Turn the and that the LED lights. the cover to the the or the the as shown below. the cover. the the first the approximately The LED flashes CAUTION: off the or the cover or the cover charging. charging finishes, the LED flashing. TM-C3400
the the first the to Cartridge based such factors as type of item printed, type, of and To quality, the the LED The of when specified, of and the head the of to the lowest the TM-C3400
Attaching/Adjusting the Ejection the temporarily the the CAUTION: the the and length. the to the the the the bottom-right of the to the to with the length, and TM-C3400
the Follow the below to the to the the and (or Right-click EPSON TM-C3400 and Preferences to the Cleaning the from to the of the which the from cleanly. If this follow the below to the Turn off the and the AC from the the cover and the the the the of the cover with such as If necessary, the with the of the directly. Doing CAUTION: TM-C3400
Head Cleaning This function, and head cleaning the the or incorrect printed, to head. If this head cleaning the Turn the the Preferences of the Click Head Cleaning the The clogs. If found, cleaning automatically. Cleaning repeated the to the cleaning Troubleshooting LED or flashing to that the and the closed. If they them. the LED If lights, and the correctly to Installing/Replacing Turn off the and then back If the LED flashing, or service Turn off the and the cover or the to the the correctly to Installing/Replacing TM-C3400
Specification Three-color and friction feed Cutting bi-directional Normal PET integrated SJIC15P) Interface USB interface (USB High-speed) Ethernet interface Base-TX/10 Base-T) supply Dedicated AC M159B) Cutting type completely) (with/without (with/without UPC-A, UPC-E, JAN (EAN JAN (EAN ITF, GS1-128, GS1 Omnidirectional, GS1 Truncated, GS1 GS1 Expanded PDF417, QR GS1 Stacked, GS1 Omnidirectional, GS1 Expanded Stacked, of back and forth) head Normal Normal TM-C3400
and (H D) (The excluded) Approximately (Ethernet interface inch) OS Microsoft SP1 Microsoft SP2 Microsoft XP SP2 Microsoft XP SP3 Microsoft R2 SP1 Microsoft SP2 Microsoft R2 SP2 Computers that the operating CPU or recommended. AMD Athlon/Duron family, or that with these recommended. RAM MB or recommended. HDD MB or Microsoft .NET SP1 to Utility. TM-C3400 to 35C to 95F} to RH packed: loaded: to 60C to 140F}, to 85%RH loaded) (At -20C or 60C or 140F}: to hours) to 40C to 104F} (At -20C {-4F}: to hours) (At to 30C to 86F}: to months) (At 40C {104F}: to month)