this Complete located the directory TM-U200 A) The the of this the topics this the to the to topic Click to instantly to its topic. (If wish, increase the of the the to the right.) the the right of this to through the the to or reduce the Click the to search the to
TM-U200 A)
Everything this to the TM-U210 and Journal Interface Connector switch cover with Interface with Interface DIP switches
CAUTION: Head cover and head CAUTION: kick-out. Instruction PAPER FEED PAPER OUT light ERROR light POWER light
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation. ESC/POS of Corporation. NOTICE: The of this to without Copyright Corporation,
FCC CLASS FCC American This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to of this to interference, which the to the interference his WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this You that or the authority to the FOR CANADIAN USERS This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 GERUSCHPEGEL GSGV) ISO
Product M119A This conforms to the following Directives and Norms: DECLARATION OF CONFORMITY Directive 89/336/EEC EN and Class EN IEC IEC IEC Directive 90/384/EEC EN45501:
Introduction The TM-U200 one-station ECR and POS that the of or TM-U200 A) the following types. Two-color with interface Two-color with interface The features of the TM-U200 the following: High-speed through and to of motors, the and feeding with Command based ESC/POS interface to character AC supply Compact and light weight (ASB) function to Journal Bidirectional interface with the IEEE Two-color and red)
About This and Chapter information the the and the DIP switches. Chapter information the Chapter troubleshooting information. Reference Chapter specifications. Notes, and Notes information and the of CAUTION: to to or to WARNING: to serious injury.
the Unpacking Selecting the the Near-End Detector (Option) Connecting the to the Interface Interface Connecting the to the Grounding the Connecting the the Ribbon the the the DIP Switches the Switch Affixing the (Option) the the Switch lights Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Removing Chapter Reference Information Specifications Character Specifications Specifications Specifications and EMI Conditions Interface Specifications Kick-out Specifications.
Chapter the the TM-U200 these items. Journal If item or please the information the screws. Selecting the the that as as supply screw the with the interface. The screw included of this switch Ribbon the
The should that or or the operation. as option. Attaching the Near-End Detector (Option) If or to this section. If this with to to that the the correctly. the supply disconnected from the four screws from the of the then the cover. the
included with the the below, and whether or to them. them the to when to to otherwise when approximately the (and spacers) with screws. the spacers, the the shown the the
the of the to CN11 the the as shown the the cover and with the four screws. the
Connecting the to the You interface or interface to to the or IEEE The with Interface the and turned off. Then the the the as shown. with inch-type screws If to interface that screws, the inch-type screws with the screws screwdriver To distinguish the of screws, the below. Inch-type the other of the to the Notch or the
The with Interface the and turned off. Then, the the the as shown. the the together they both of the the other of the to the Connecting the to the WARNING: that matches specifications. the as as the Chapter Reference Information information the the
the the kick-out the of the to the interface with Interface with Interface CAUTION: telephone to the kick-out otherwise the and the telephone the
ACHTUNG: the
Grounding the You ground to ground the the below. Thickness of wire: AWG or of to attached: that the off. the ground to the the FG screw the of the as shown. the
Connecting the This supply. to supply that matches the specifications Specifications Chapter WARNING: incorrect supply fire or shock. CAUTION: or the supply from the the supply otherwise the supply or the CAUTION: the supply to the EPSON DM-D101 or DM-D202. This the and the supply. this supply to the EPSON DM-D101 II or DM-D202 II. the
the and supply turned off. the supplys the as shown below. that the of the the supplys If to the the supplys from outlet and then the the arrow and straight the
the Ribbon CAUTION: the feed the of the arrow the otherwise the the while the If the when the the EPSON ERC-38 the cover. Turn the or three the of the arrow to the the the and the the shown the the and the clicks. the
the the head and the without or creases. the
Turn the or the of the arrow to the ribbon. the the the cover. To the follow the below. the the the the of the to the the
the CAUTION: the when If there Notes: to that the specifications. Specifications Chapter If with the or to the the pulled path, which or the with the attached to the the optional or the when the that the of the appears. the leading of the as shown below. Turn the and the cover. the
the to the that the off the as shown below. the
the the and the
both of the and straight the The the automatically. the from the and the of the the as shown below. that of and and and the of the with the the Journal Journal
the the the (when the the the to that the of the with the as shown below. the cover. To the follow the below. the and the cover. the
the and as shown the below. the from the the from the Press the FEED to the the the of feeding. the to the performance of the below. This shows whether correctly. It of other or software. the
to the and the the To the the FEED while the with the switch. The the and then the PAPER OUT light to that the the Press the FEED to the of the which the the built-in character the of the following: Then the If to the manually, the FEED Press the FEED to the the DIP Switches CAUTION: Turn off the while the DIP switch cover to which the You interface and the DIP switch the off. completed the
Turn the and the DIP switch cover, as shown below. There of switches. or another to the switches. the following to the DIP switches. with the first and with the second. with Interface DIP-Switch Functions DIP Switch Switch Function ON OFF reception Prints? Approximately 1K XON/XOFF DTR/DSR Word Parity the
DIP Switch Switch Function ON OFF Parity selection BPS BPS the to BUSY when the DIP Switch Switch Function ON OFF selection to ON) to OFF) to ON) to OFF) I/F I/F CAUTION: the of switches and these with Interface DIP-Switch Functions DIP Switch Switch Function ON OFF Approximately 1K the to BUSY when off or the the
DIP Switch Switch Function ON OFF the to (BUSY BUSY when the or when reading DIP Switch Switch Function ON OFF selection to ON) to OFF) to ON) to OFF) to ON) CAUTION: the of switches and these the DIP switch cover and with the screw. DIP switch effective only when the turned or the with the interface the the to BUSY when off the or when reading
the Switch Cover You the switch cover to the switch from or operation. the cover as shown the below. You the or off with the switch cover attached pointed through of the the switch cover. WARNING: If when the switch cover attached, the supply from the outlet immediately. the
Affixing the (Option) of included as option to to or other Follow the below: Clean the or other where the the off of of each of the of and them to the of the as shown below. the off of the other of the Press the the countertop; the the
the the You feed with the the The lights the Switch The switch the front of the the and off. FEED Press the FEED once to You FEED to feed the continuously. This the ESC command, the of GS command, while the disabled. the
lights The lights information POWER The POWER light when PAPER OUT (Red) This light when the the or near the This light the following it the FEED the The option. ERROR (Red) This light when the off It to The shown below that the of the head too high. The recovers and when the head If the and the ERROR light the off, and following the instructions necessary. Then turn the back If the the supply from the outlet immediately; then service the
CAUTION: The head becomes Allow to cool reach the The switch and FEED to the the
Chapter Troubleshooting Troubleshooting This chapter to of the The lights the the correctly the the AC and to the to the If the outlet switch or another The ERROR light and the off the and the If there and the while, the head overheated. If the head overheated, the when the head cooled (usually within or three If there and the head overheated, off the and back about seconds. If the the supply from the outlet immediately. Then service Troubleshooting
The ERROR light off, nothing printed. to the to that the properly. the instructions Chapter to the If the or service If the properly, the following: the both of the interface the and the this the specifications both the and the The the and the DIP switch the as the computers. You the interface the If the or service The sounds nothing printed. The properly. the instructions Chapter The the as If the or service The The the as Chapter Troubleshooting
of the The head Stop and or service Follow these to clear CAUTION: The head becomes Allow to cool reach the the cover. the and as shown the below. Troubleshooting
the from the the the and the the of feeding. the the of feeding. If the follow the below. the Troubleshooting
the screw the head cover. Turn the screw as shown the the screw from the head cover. Troubleshooting
the head cover. the the the of feeding. the head cover and it with the screw. the and the Troubleshooting
If the its the the the the screwdriver to the right of the and the to the to the the and the cover. This allows to exactly what to the This software the function, the commands and other with section to commands. Troubleshooting
To the follow these that the off, DIP switch to ON Turn the while the FEED then release and the FEED quickly. Releasing and the FEED should the finishes otherwise the the the the software that to the The the two-column The first the and the the ASCII characters that to the 1B 1B 1B 1B 1B ABCDEFGH each that ASCII the commands DLE EOT and DLE ENQ the finishes, off the or to off the If the DIP switch back to OFF Troubleshooting
Reference Information Specifications Head Characters/line Character Fonts and B: characters/inch) Approximately characters/inch) and the allowable the this the guaranteed. selecting red-color or the to It caused the switching the Reference Information
Character Specifications of characters: characters: graphics: International characters: Character (the of (the of Character below. Character Character Spacing, Character Character Character Character CPL CPI Character ANK Graphics ANK Graphics ANK Graphics ANK Graphics CPL Characters CPI Characters inch LPS ANK characters The The characters and the DIP switch Reference Information
Specifications feed Friction feed pitch: inch) inches/second) feeding) and Normal (single-ply) Can of inch) the ESC and ESC commands. Core: that the or to the If with the or to the to the optional Thickness: to to to to to to Reference Information
Reference Information Thickness: to to thickness should or of to MITSUBISHI PAPER MILLS, LTD. Top and N40 (thickness: N60 (thickness:
Specifications AC One of the following AC selected, Factory PA-6508 North America PB-6509 (Germany) PB-6510 PA-6511 PA-6513 The supply included with the with interface. and EMI (EMC measured AC with the CE EN55022 EN50082-1 EN45501 TV North EMI: FCC UL1950-2TH-D3 C-UL Reference Information
Life: head: characters of character.) MTBF: hours MCBF: Reference Information of as the which the reaches the of the Wearout Recommended used. as occurring the of the This based relating to wearout and to the of
Conditions Relative to C to F) (when the C or there the humidity. to the the to C to F) and ribbon) to RH to RH and ribbon) C, C] C, C, Reference Information
Interface Specifications interface: RS-232 or RS-485 interface: IEEE The interface factory-installed option. One of the following interfaces RS-232, RS-485, or the EPSON TM-U200 A) Kick-out Specifications Direction GND GND or or Reference Information P U