TM-U300C/U300D/U300PC/U300PD this The the of this the topics this the to the to topic Click to instantly to its topic. (If wish, increase the of the the to the right.) the the right of this to through the the to or reduce the Click the to search the usually Complete located the directory to
TM-U300C/U300D TM-U300PC/U300PD
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information While every the of this Corporation responsibility or Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Corporation. and ESC/POS of Corporation. The of this to without Copyright NOTICE: Corporation,
EMC and Product TM-U300C/D, TM-U300PC/PD M51JC/D, M51PC/PD The following to the that (EMC tested the AC CE North America: EMI: FCC/ICES-003 Class EMI: VCCI Class EMC: AS/NZS EMI: Class WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the EMC of this You that or SEIKO EPSON authority to the FCC American This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated This and and, and with the instruction interference to AC Product PB-6509/6510 M34PA, M34PB The following to the AC that (The and the AC together to the EMC CE Safety: EN60950 North America: Safety:UL 1950/CSA C22.2 Safety: Appliance and of Safety: AS CE The conforms to the following Directives and Norms: Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN IEC IEC IEC Operation of this to interference, which the to the interference his own FOR CANADIAN USERS This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003
The TM-U300C-U300D and TM-U300PC/U300PD light-weight to the highest performance to The features of the as follows: Compact and light High-speed High and through the of both and feeding or red) feeding Command based the ESC/POS interface that character or Compact AC the TM-U300C and the TM-U300PC) The below the the TM-U300C/U300D and TM-U300PC/U300PD Please to the instructions this INTRODUCTION
Chapter the Checking the Contentsof the Choosing thePrinter................................................................... Removingthe Transportation and Chapter Connecting the Connecting the AC to the Connecting the to the Chapter the the Ribbon the the Near-End Detector Chapter the DIP Switches Chapter The Chapter A. Specifications CONTENTS
Choosing the locations sunlight or to heat (such as heaters). or the to or the or Choose the to or shock. there enough around the that easily. the Transportation The turning the the cover and the as shown below.
and Functions cover (TM-U300C/U300PC) Interface cover (TM-U300D/U300PD) DIP switches switch TM-U300C/U300PC TM-U300D/U300PD
Functions Switches and POWER Switch The POWER switch to the and off. FEED The FEED to feed The amount the commands ESC and ESC Lights POWER LED The POWER LED when the turned and off when the turned off. PAPER LED (red) Normally the PAPER LED off. The PAPER LED when the nearly finished or completely finished or the The PAPER LED when when or when the the or when to the allowable
Connecting the Connecting the AC to the Follow these to the AC to the the turned off. It off when the of the switch the the AC to the the AC matches that of CAUTIONS: To to the AC and the or to incor- operation of the the cord, the rated of the AC and outlet match. the DC the with the arrow facing upward. (You the DC the the arrow and straight Ground Screw the connecting ground to the with the ground screw located the of the This enclosed. Please the the AC the Connector AC ground
Connecting the to the the ECR to the interface that matches the specifications of the and the ECR to that matches the specifications. Connecting the to the TM-U300C/U300D the interface as follows: Turn off the and the ECR the interface the interface then the screws both of the the the kick-out (You the the and the NOTE: with inch-type screws If to interface that screws, the inch-type screws with the screws screwdriver To distinguish the of screws, the below. Notch or Interface Connector Interface Inch-type Kick-out Connector Kick-out
Connecting the to the TM-U300PC/U300PD the interface as follows: Turn off the and the ECR the interface the interface the together they both of the the ground and the shield of the interface with the ground screw the of the the the kick-out (You the kick-out the and the Kick-out Connector Kick-out
the the Ribbon the ERC-34 (B/R). Follow these to the the cover while lightly the cover as shown below. Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow to the ribbon.
the the head and the Then the Turn the ribbon-tightening or the of the arrow to the smoothly the head and the that the or creased. CAUTION: turn the ribbon-tightening the the Ribbon
the ERC-34 (B/R). the cover while lightly the cover as shown below. To the the the and the first. To follow through the previous section, the 1O
the the the TM-U300C/U300PC to that matches the specifications. A, Specifications. the leading of the that to the feed the cover and the from the the while lightly pressing the outward. lease the the the the freely and to the that it rotates the Correct Incorrect Incorrect Correct
Turn the The POWER LED While the the of the straight the The the the Press the FEED to feeding the about inches) tear-off the of the and the of the (or when using or the the the around the or three and then the of the
the the that the the with the the the cover. Tear off the tear-off the CAUTION: The torn off closing the that correctly from the
the the TM-U300D/U300PD to that matches the specifications. A, Specifications. the leading of the that to the feed the cover. Incorrect
the while lightly pressing the outward. Release the the the the freely and to the rotates the tion. Turn the The POWER LED While the the of the straight the The the the Press the FEED to feeding the the Correct Incorrect
the cover. Tear off the tear-off the CAUTION: The torn off closing the cover that correctly from the
the TM-U300C/U300PC to that matches the specifications. A, Specifications. the cover. the from the (If necessary, the to the using the tear-off Then the If there the straight the shown below. While the FEED switch, the the the lightly the of the arrow. there To the the TM-U300C/U300PC,
the the TM-U300D/U300PD to that matches the specifications. A, Specifications. the cover. the If there the straight the shown below. While the FEED the the the lightly the of the arrow. there To the the TM-U300D/U300PD,
the Near-End Detector Location The the that the the the PAPER LED. The PAPER LED when the or the the the to the location. the to to the detecting and as shown below. the from the below. Table
to the below, the plate to the ate to the from the TM-U300C/U300PC NOTES: the the Table there the If with the used, this the to together. If this the incorrectly. that the operates smoothly the If the becomes to the quality, the incorrectly. TM-U300D/U300PD
to that matches the specifications. to A, Specifications. creased or that the that the already If first. CAUTION: with the to the head that the switch. The POWER LED light command, The PAPER LED the straight the the with the following CAUTIONS: the (fixed) as shown the the the the to
Notes The only the commands, the Therefore, double-height the when loaded. affected the thickness of the The should with or the or warps. the the and become or the catch the ribbon. Select because the and the of the insertion; the that the the or top of the as from the front. from the top as shown the following the optional with the shown below or the correctly.
Chapter the DIP Switches the DIP switches shown the below, the DIP switches located the of the The DIP switches to the to tions The TM-U300C/U300D DIP switches SW-1 to SW-10 and the TM-U300PC/U300PD DIP switches numbered SW-1 to SW-8, from to right as shown below. The the following the DIP switch the DIP switches Follow these when DIP switch Turn the switch off. the DIP switches using or another Switches when and off when the below. DIP Switches The when the NOTES: DIP switch when the turned off. with the the off and then TM-U300PC/U300PD
TM-U300C/U300D DIP Switch Functions the of DIP switches and the TM-U300C/U300D Table TM-U300C/U300D DIP Switch Functions to Table selection Rate Selection
TM-U300PC/U300PD DIP Switch Functions TM-U300PC/U300PD DIP Switch Functions the of DIP switches through the TM-U300PC/U300PD.
Chapter The The of the The whether the If the function properly, The the following: ROM DIP switch or of the the and properly. the cover and the or the cover closed properly. Turn the while holding the FEED The First the the which the following information: ROM the Self-test Please FEED switch. The PAPER LED and the the Press the FEED to the of completed and cally. The off-line and Turn the off and to the from the DIP switch TM-U300C/U300D TM-U300PC/U300PD
Chapter Removing Removing Turn the as shown below, and It the or the cover. CAUTION: to the tear-off
A. Specifications Specifications Head second: NOTES: the allowable the than that switching operations or their than the (LPS: Second) (CPI: Characters Inch) to Table A-1. Characters to Table A-1. Characters inch: switching: or Character Specifications of characters: of the Character Character to Table A-1. Serial-type, LPS CPI, LPS CPI, Graphics: International characters: of the
Table A-1. Character Characters Inch, Characters The the Units: (inch) Ribbon Ribbon type: Color: Ribbon life: of using type) [Conditions] Character ERC-38 Black and Red, ribbons ERC-34 (P) or ERC-34 (B) and ERC-34(B/R) and red)] using these ribbons, the selection ESC used. characters Red: characters (with ASCII character 25C (77F)
Ribbon Supply The TM-U300C and TM-U300PC with The the pitch: to A-1 A-1. ERC-38 holding the The location should the to section the Near-End Detector Location. to to Friction inch Can inch software mand. Approx. IPS LPS) feeding) (IPS: Second) (LPS: Second) [Units:
to to Normal to to thickness: to type: Normal and length: to to thickness: thickness including or (when or used) (when used) to sheets/1091 Copy greatly influenced the to the below. of 25C (77F) to C to 104F) to
Conditions to 40C to 104F) to 50C to 122F) and ribbon) Humidity: TM-U300C/U300PC: to (non-condensing) TM-U300D/U300PD: to (non-condensing) TM-U300C/U300PC: to the TM-U300C/U300PC, when the 30C (86F) or the operating (non-condensing, and TM-U300D/U300PD: to (non-condensing, and ribbon)