WorkForce WP-4530 these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. and protective including the and the Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the Select To English as OK If to the and OK Select country and OK Select Daylight through otherwise, Press OK Select the and OK the to the and OK Select AM PM or and OK the to the and OK You the and selecting then selecting the front cover. Unpack the four each as shown about seconds. each the its each clicks. the front cover. The the This about the light flashing, The included the and about count Dont off the or the cover while or this LCD the OK with the instructions the following sections to and software. the You A4-, or the instructions and the MP the the the outward. If the as shown. the with the the the and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the the of the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the the To the included phone to telephone and to the LINE the back of To telephone or the EXT. the If to DSL phone DSL or to DSL the
Select as English To OK If to the and OK OK Select country and Daylight Select through otherwise, OK Press OK Select the and the to the and OK OK and or PM AM Select the to the and OK You the and then selecting selecting the front cover. Unpack the four each as shown about seconds. each the its each clicks. the front cover. The the This about the light flashing, WorkForce WP-4530 these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. and protective including the and the Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the The included the and about count Dont off the or the cover while or this LCD the OK with the instructions the following sections to and software. the You A4-, or the instructions and the rear MP the the the outward. If the as shown. the with the facedown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the the of the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the the To the included phone to telephone and to the LINE the back of To telephone or the EXT. the If connecting to DSL DSL or to DSL the
software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions the Select the options section this information. Then Next or OS X) and follow the instructions options Wireless You the software from which to the first installation, temporary USB to simplify wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software they to the wirelessly this know (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software every from which to If below: The and when the protective and from the Network the right If firewall Unblock or Allow to If security (WEP or WPA correctly. If ABC or lowercase them correctly. Function Press or the to highlight or function Press OK to the the function buttons to AB12 lowercase or and to characters Highlight and OK The Press to the from to with USB securely connected as shown: instructions faxing, scanning, and On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Software technical ABBYY Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of business and to information. Smooth, and business WorkForce WP-4530 Black 676XL 676XL 676XL 676XL wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and DURABrite and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. CPD-34340R1 Printed XXXXXX the below to Its as easy as
options You the software every from which to the first installation, temporary USB to wireless the connected to the prompted to the If OS or or USB to the the to wireless Follow the instructions software installation; they to the wirelessly this (SSID) and Network Network If this information, the who Direct USB USB included). Wired Ethernet included). You the software from which to If below: The and when the protective and from the Network the right Unblock If firewall Allow or to If security (WEP or WPA or lowercase ABC correctly. If them correctly. Press or the to highlight or function to OK Press the the lowercase AB12 function buttons to or and to characters OK and Highlight The Press to the from software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the to NOT CONNECTED If New and the USB You cant software that CD. If the If the Account or Double-click the X: OS OS X) and or Click follow the instructions the Select the options section this or Next information. Then OS X) and follow the instructions to with USB securely connected as shown: instructions faxing, scanning, and On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as below. technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Function Software technical ABBYY Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of business and to information. Smooth, and business the below to Its as easy as WorkForce WP-4530 Black 676XL 676XL 676XL 676XL wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and DURABrite and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-34340R1 Printed XXXXXX