WF-2660
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the basic of the Product Locations and Other and More and Scanning with NFC from these sections to learn about the and and Lights Characters the LCD the LCD Sounds the Brightness topic: Product
The and light The The The Stop The LCD The arrow buttons The back The The C clear The B&W The topic: the the LCD the Select the or to or the information or instructions, such as or the (ADF). One or of the One or of the expended.
topic: and Lights Unread or the If the to or this that the or memory memory received or printed. If the to or the or the to the or Ethernet processed. Ethernet Ethernet established. occurred or the searching established. The of the strength. established. Direct established. AP established.
Characters the LCD the LCD Follow these to characters and other To the or To the of To the character, To or To topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Select
Sounds You this: Select Common and Select topic: the You the sound heard when buttons the Press the necessary. Select
the Brightness You this: Select Common Select Sound Select Press Select the each sound to and OK topic: the You the of the LCD Press the necessary. Select
Product Locations You this: Select Common Select LCD Brightness the brightness selecting brightness or the and right arrows. Select OK to topic: the these sections to the Product Top and Product Path Product Product topic: Product
Product Top and NFC (Near Communication) ADF cover (ADF) input Edge ADF
cover topic: Product Locations
Product Path Edge topic: Product Locations
Product Cartridge topic: Product Locations
Product and Other Rear cover LAN USB AC LINE EXT topic: Product Locations and off the LCD of You the and other options to and the the the topic: Product
the the You the to the The the the Common Also, copying selected Press the necessary. Select Select You this: Select On Select as necessary. Select OK to topic: and Other You the and off the LCD The this
the Press the necessary. Select Select Common Select You this: of the following: Press the or to reduce or increase the of Press the of the LCD the of from the and Select OK topic: and Other You the turn off specified of Press the necessary. Select
and More You this: Common Select Select and hours). topic: and Other You and from home, office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, Remote Print, and Scan to the Remote Scan to topic: Product Related
the With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics or Wired this free Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or network as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics or Wired
Remote Scan to With Remote software or to anywhere the as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the software. the and optional of the to and this Select the and choose the Remote topic: and More Related topics or Wired The Scan to service to that with as this the below. instructions account and with to the with the and selected. Select Destination Scan to Click then follow the instructions the to ready to the the Scan to service topic: and Related topics or Wired
allows to wirelessly to from the of and from OS or wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of
Chromebook Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of Chromebook topic: Product Related topics or Wired With Account, from Chromebook without or as this the below. connected to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as connecting to
and Scanning with NFC from of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from Chromebook, iPhone, or phone with access. information Print, topic: Related Selecting Wireless From the Direct WPS to to Network Related topics or Wired You easily or to NFC (Near Communication). Once connected, and iPrint. AP of the following: If to the
If to the scanning. the NFC of to the NFC The location of NFC Touch the NFC of to the NFC The and If the and to or The and should automatically. If to the to iPrint. the NFC of to the NFC to or scanning. topic: Product Related topics or Wired
or Wired these sections to or Direct Protected (WPS) Network Sheet or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Wireless Network From the with wireless interface only wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network From the topic: or Wired You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software. The through or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Press the necessary. Select Select Network Select
You this Select If to the wireless to Ethernet and instead. Then follow the instructions to wired this Select the of wireless or the manually. To the wireless manually, Other Networks then the Network (SSID) field. the displayed to Select the field, and wireless the displayed Press when finished then Proceed Confirm the displayed and OK to them. If to the back If to of the buttons. If the the the of the LCD as shown.
Direct topic: Related Characters the LCD You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless
Direct You of these to with or Access The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other To from the Utility, Advanced Services Direct Direct topic: or Wired You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Select Network Select
You this and Direct Select and If already connected or to Direct, they when the Direct the least and than characters Press when finished
Protected (WPS) You this to the SSID and or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD then the shown. Press the to to the You AP the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct Related Characters the LCD If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the
WPS to to Network WPS to to Network topic: or Wired If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the button, necessary. Select Select Network Select You this Select (WPS) Follow the instructions the LCD screen to WPS Press the to to the when finished.
Network If the the the of the LCD as shown. topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of Press the necessary. Select
You this Network Select Network You this: Select Select Press of the buttons to the
or Network Accessing the USB to the shown the to topic: or Wired these sections to or to Accessing the USB to to Wired Network Connecting to New Router topic: or Wired You and its operating browser. You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the options. topic: or Network Related Network If already connected to USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to only the USB from With software.
to Wired Network Connecting to New Router If to to USB the USB connected to Download and software from the using the instructions the topic: or Network If already connected to wirelessly, to wired necessary. features. of Ethernet to the LAN the other to LAN router or Uninstall software. Download and software from the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the Select Wired If Select Option the first following the of the on-screen instructions. topic: or Network Related If the wireless router to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the
Download and software from the using the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software You to type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Select Select Network Select You this and to
topic: or Network
Loading Loading the the type of Loading the Loading the Loading the Loading Capacity Selecting the Selecting You of and the and necessary.
the the outward. If using or the and the
the to of the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly.
To feeding the fits beneath the top of the and too the Gently the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD the and type of the and OK
the and the If or the or the follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. or top first. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the
Loading the You of and You these inches inches or inches the and necessary.
the the outward. the to
the as shown. the the and sticking from the of the the the too tightly. To feeding the fits beneath the top of the and too the
Gently the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD the and type of the and OK
the and the If or the or the follow these only the recommended of sheets. first, which the facedown. the arrow the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the
Loading the You this inches the and necessary. the
the outward. and right as shown. To feeding too the the the too tightly. the the and sticking from the of the
Gently the The slightly as the This prompted the LCD Envelope the and Envelope the and OK
Loading Capacity the and the follow these If of each or If when that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related Loading the Loading the You of these the type Loading capacity inches inches
type Loading Bright White sheets sheets Double-sided Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON country. count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided inches S041341
count Brochure inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041467 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041067 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
count inches S041982 inches S041331 Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool inches S041153 topic: Loading You Brochure Double-sided Double-sided inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading
Selecting the You the and type the the Press the necessary. Select You this Select You this:
Select Select the loaded. Select Select the type loaded. Select OK Press the to to the Software topic: Loading this Select this Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Recycled Colored Preprinted Preprinted Envelope
Software this Select this Brochure Double-sided topic: Selecting the this this or Paper/Bright White software only) Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Colored Preprinted Preprinted Envelope
Selecting Selecting the Source this Select this or Brochure Double-sided topic: Selecting the You that apply to to the Selecting the Source Selecting Universal topic: Loading You the the Press the necessary. Select You this
Source Select Select Source You this: Select the options to finished, the to to the Source topic: Selecting Select the options to Source option On If or selected and the Switching selected loaded, the to A4, or A4 Notice Notice Select On to when the and type and the each Notice match.
Selecting topic: Selecting the Source You the the the These If these Press the necessary. Select You this Select Universal
You this the as necessary. finished, the to to the topic: Selecting Select the to option Top the top or Top the top or of the back when On Select On to the This the of the when the reduce the
Universal option Select the when double-sided. On Select On to automatically. topic: Selecting Universal
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the the You originals to this the or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top facing the corner. the to the of the indicated corner.
the You originals the they least inch from each other. the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning You the (ADF). the originals the specifications them. originals creased or and or other that the the ADF outward.
of originals and them to the the originals the ADF and top-edge first. The ADF the lights the ADF the too tightly. topic: the Product Related references (ADF) Specifications
Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or Copying Copying You or and of including or the or the ADF. the to Press the necessary. Select Copy You this:
Copying To than the or and the displayed to the of of the as necessary. Select to and necessary. Then the back Select to the LCD ready to of the buttons. To the Stop or topic: Related Loading Capacity Copying Copying Related topics Loading the Product Select the that matches the loaded. inches inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Copying
Copying Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option With around the or Expands the to the of the selecting of these and the necessary. ID Card both of ID of of Select the of Custom Automatically the the Automatically the to the selected and Automatically from to another other 2-Sided the and ADF to Advanced and the 1>2-Sided originals or the of originals Quality Text the type of originals and selects the of Text Text Varying the or of
Copying option or appear the front of the when the topic: Copying
from with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: from Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the If photo, You to additional options You type and to without the Select the of If
Quality Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the 2-Sided and the options To of or of of the the and the options To and their the To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White On the Quality topic: with Related Software Related or Selecting Double-sided You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen.
Selecting Double-sided text and text and graphics with and High and graphics with high More that choose of and quality. topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the options the options or other chosen or the
of the following options (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that Click the
You this Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the
Double-sided You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the
Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and You of and options or photo the To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or photo as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or turn off software. Select to You Universal To the following features, the that appears when copied. to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with Related or
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to turn off to the effects.
and Additional ICM off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or red-eye Text Black Prints text Text Prints text background or and Prints graphics and with Text, Graphs, and Prints graphics, and with Universal graphics, and Additional Prints the rotated from its
High reduce quality. the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting to of the or You clicking the Click the or More You the the
Selecting of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with You that apply to the to the and right-click the the Select Click the You the
Click the You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the EPSON and and other Prevents the of the the incorrect; reduce Thick and from smearing when or other thick each containing the title, and
or white white that appear when RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to Checking topic: with
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To To topic: or the apply only while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software Updates You with using OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Quality OS the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related Software Related Selecting OS or OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. Normal text and Normal text and with and text and graphics with and Quality text and graphics with increased and Quality the the topic: Selecting OS
OS Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Grayscale Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the
Selecting OS the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the Sheet To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or
Selecting OS topic: with OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options.
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS You of the options the Two-sided or to
OS Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided OS You the and to the or turn off software. Select from the the Select of the options.
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. Matching and OS topic: with OS You from these the and EPSON software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the using the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce
or OS white white that appear when Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS
Checking OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS
Product If to the Stop topic: from
Scanning Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS or scanning, using of these Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You using the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. the scanning. Press the necessary. Select Scan
Scan You this: Select of the following Scan to options: to that with to or as OS X. (WSD) or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the If to the and the necessary. Scan topic: Scan Related Scan to Related topics the Product You or the when to using the buttons. You this the of the following to to the Apps and
Starting Scan the Scan (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and Click the and the to or the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or
You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Starting Scan from Scanning Related topics the Product Selecting Scan You Scan from to and the the With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.) Select to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly.
You Scan this: Scan when first topic: Starting Scan
Selecting Scan Scan Selecting the Scan Related topics the Product Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of Office You text and them You options and Professional You manually and and topic: Selecting Scan the Scan to from the the right of the Scan
Scanning Office topic: Selecting Scan Office Scan PDF operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the
You this Select the Source indicating where If the ADF, from the
Source Office Select the and that match To allow Scan to and Correct To Select the that matches Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to Click the and of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Office Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan Scanning Professional You these Source options Scan Office
Selecting Scan Office Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. Automatically where the originals topic: Scanning Office You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. To the then the To of the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Text the appearance of text and text the from the graphics. the red, or the
Scanning Professional that that text or Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan PDF operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where If the ADF, from the Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the ADF, the ADF. If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan
Source Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional Related Selecting Scan Scanning Office You these Source options Scan Professional Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. ADF Selects the as the location where the originals scanning. topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White Select this text or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the To the of the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the
Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. the red, or the Edge Corrects around the of the the with the select. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and You the of using graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced users only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the
Selecting Scan Professional the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the advanced users only.) Click the to the Threshold the which text and art OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned.
To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the using the as There of the and selected thumbnail displays as thumbnails with the and selected. Normal displays their the and other manually. topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as If the using Scan's to increase the
You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the the to Print/convert to text (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the displayed
Click the Other button, the or Choose and If to the and the options Select the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK If selected PDF or as the this Scan Choose of the following options: If If to the scanning, Scan and the finished,
Scanned and Optional If to or the or the using the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the to the the and the necessary. Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that However, the higher the the the (The TIFF recommended when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite with the
Scanning with OS this to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where scanning. scanning If the PDF or to scanning the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with image-editing such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary.
Scan OS If the ADF, the scanned, the Select the which to the Scan To Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning Related topics the Product You these editing OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the only Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS
Connecting Telephone or these sections to This allows to telephone numbers, and its memory when the turned off. of the or of the This of and Connecting Telephone or and the LCD You to telephone to or If to the telephone to telephone or to If telephone to to
phone to and to the LINE If DSL or ISDN the DSL or ISDN or router to the to to the or using DSL or ISDN the
DSL Telephone DSL DSL
ISDN ISDN or ISDN router
If connecting telephone or to phone the from the EXT
to telephone or and to the EXT If and to the of to that higher than the of phone or connected to the EXT to when the with or fiberoptic services such as FIOS. topic: Related
the Product Selecting Country or with header and the to If of to the and the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the Selecting Country or Selecting the and the Selecting the the of to Selecting Selecting Advanced Security Reports topic: Related the OS the faxing, the country or which using
Selecting the and If the country or to their and them Press the button, necessary. Select Common You this and Country/Region or necessary, then country or You If the correct, (If and retry.) the country or the to their topic: the Product faxing, the and phase and choose and Press the necessary.
Select Select Common Select You this: Select Select the to the to the and Select the to the to the and Select Select Daylight Select the that to winter or Daylight (DST) or and Daylight (DST) If Daylight (DST), this to match the season. from to its clock from to its clock back hour.
the If necessary, and the the to the UTC (Coordinated Universal and topic: the Product You the basic the This displayed when the turned the first You these from the Press the necessary. Select and You this and Select the to the such as or business You to characters. Select when
You this: the or the the to to characters. Press when On the Distinctive of the following: If to distinctive service from Proceed Then, the to incoming to If distinctive service, then to the Distinctive service allows to assigned You and another Select the assigned to the DRD If of the other than to On the telephone or to the and then to the then to to telephone connected to the to otherwise
Selecting the On the to or to manually. If and selected to automatically, the to correct. If to manually, to and the or to On the Confirm the displayed and Proceed (Press the back to or the On the Confirmation to the and of the If there reported, the the and the If the Select displayed, the type. If the Select Detection displayed, the tone function the first of and the to the topic: the Product Related Characters the LCD If the to PBX Branch phone or the type. PBX office where such as to The PSTN Switched Telephone Network), which to the home. Press the necessary. Select and Select Select
You this If connected the to PBX PBX You this Select Select Access the on-screen to the and Select OK topic: the Product
the of to If and to automatically, the to correct. The of should higher than the of to Press the necessary. Select and Select to You this the of and OK to higher than the of to The every than the the tones and If the and hear that the the then topic: the Product
Selecting You the to forwarding, or incoming Press the necessary. Select and Select You this Select
You this Select You this Select of the If to to the FAX to this Select as necessary.
If to the memory. or to the memory from other options they temporarily the memory. topic: the Product Related references the options to incoming to incoming the memory. You the the LCD and to To this option, the FAX Utility. Once to and to and automatically. Reduction On incoming to the the selected Prints incoming their Rotation On The On rotates landscape-oriented incoming that they correctly the selected the of the incoming On The On incoming first that the the the memory, this option to of or the received On the memory. there to Stop enough free memory this function.
Selecting Advanced to include Prints reports with of the first Direct the On(Every Prints the or received. On(Time) Prints the the the LCD Format Selects the topic: the Product You the to receiving, and Press the button, necessary. Select and You this
Select the of to topic: the Product Related Security the basic options to incoming and outgoing Fast(33,600bps) the which and Medium(14,400bps) Slow(9,600bps) ECM On Correction (ECM) to or received off Correction or received. Tone Detection On the when the off tone which the to PBX Branch or TA The the first of and the to the PSTN Selects Switched Telephone Network). PBX Selects Branch the type of office where such as to the header information outgoing
Security topic: the Product the options to incoming whether incoming should printed; telephone connected to the Automatically and Distinctive If using Distinctive Service assign or to the and assign to If this service, the of the of phone that this service. to to the of If to and to the this higher than the of to Remote instead of operating the the On to this function, to If whose connected to the the the the topic: the Product the security options to
Reports Inbox incoming Clear Automatically or memory On Clear or received memory; this function or of topic: the Product You from reports to whenever necessary. You the selecting Press the necessary. You this: and the to topic: the Product Related
the Select the or to of the or the previous that or through Trace the or topic: the Product You header and using the FAX of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX
You this Select (Select prompted.)
the OS You this Select Follow the that appear the to header information and information, the FAX option. topic: Related topics the Product You header and the FAX OS X. the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or the FAX option and Select and
Contacts and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Follow the that appear the to information and information, the FAX topic: Related topics the Product You of and their them faxing. You to to the Product Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS
the Product Creating topic: You and using the Creating Editing or Creating Editing or topic: and Related Speed/Group the Speed/Group the OS You of to numbers. You to and combined. Press the button, necessary. You this:
Select You this: Select You this: You of and necessary. Select Entry Select the to the
Editing or You this: Select Not the displayed to the to characters), and Select Not Word the displayed to to when searching to characters), and This field optional. Select Not and the the LCD or the buttons the to the You to characters. Then If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the the necessary. Select topic: the Product You or of the Press the back button, necessary. Select
You this: the necessary. Select the to or You this: of the following: To the and the
Creating To the the item to the information, and finished editing, topic: the Product You of that easily to You to and combined. Press the necessary. Select You this: the necessary. Select
You this: You of and necessary. Select Select the to the You this: Select Not the to the to characters), and
Editing or Select Not Word the displayed to to when searching to characters), and This field optional. Select Proceed You the to each to include group. appears to each selected Select topic: the Product You existing to or You the group. Press the necessary. Select You this: Select the necessary.
You this, showing both and Select the to You this: If to the group, To the group, Select Proceed You of the group.
Speed/Group the To or the to Select topic: the Product You and using the FAX The from the and back memory. You to and combined. of the following: to the Apps (other Click or or EPSON Software Select FAX You this
(Select prompted.) You this Select Dial/Group
You this Select and the To entry, and the To and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To numbers, and OK the previous as to or finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
Speed/Group the OS You and the FAX Utility. The from the and back to memory. You to and combined. the Apple or the Preferences Scan or the FAX option and Select and Double-click FAX necessary. You this Select FAX the Select Dial/Group
You this To entry, entry. To and the information. To entry, and the of the following: To entry, and and OK To entry, numbers, and OK the as to or To from the finished, the to the to memory. topic: and Related topics the Product
from the Product from the these sections to using from the Product the the OS topic: these sections to the from the from Connected Telephone topic: You from the or selecting the from the or history. If restricted, only the from the or history. You and white to the faxing. Press the necessary. Select
You this: of the following: the the the Select the the LCD and the the screen to the You to characters. Select or from the and Proceed History from the the and to this If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the If to and If and-white. If to the
Press of the buttons. To faxing, and to necessary. the and the topic: from the Product Related Related Selecting the Related topics and the Product While these You these options as the and outgoing Automatically the of outgoing from Direct to as as the without the On to memory. You this when or to
from Connected Telephone when to Not topic: from the Product If connected telephone to the EXT the from the connected telephone. If the phone and the to the the the faxing. Press the necessary. the from the connected telephone. to the necessary. Select the LCD with the the telephone Select the LCD hear of the buttons to the the telephone. If and-white. topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product You of choice.
You only black-and-white when this option. the faxing. Press the necessary. Select You this: or from the or History. If necessary, (such as the of the If the the the instead of the Select On Select the the to and OK Press of the buttons. To faxing, the Stop the and the the specified
the If the off the specified the when back topic: from the Product Related Related topics the Product and You from You to including the to and the command. You this:
with the FAX option as the To the Color, Quality, or Character the Preferences or If or Then Preferences or the information about selecting Select the as necessary. the of to Click or OK If the first this information that the of the Then OK to the information.
the OS You this: the and or from the then Next instructions using the FAX Utility, cover and and then Next. Click to topic: You from OS the FAX Utility. You to including cover the to
Select the You to the option the or another command. Select FAX option as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the Select the of as the the to Select from the
You this of the following to choose Select or from the and and the Click the and from Select from the
You this Select the and Quality to Click topic: these sections to with Reception Automatically Manually topic: and when the to If connected telephone to the phone and to manually. This allows to tone the telephone and to the to and If of and the indicated LCD to
Manually topic: To automatically, to (the the To the necessary, If connected, the to higher than the of to the to the fourth the to the fifth or topic: Related Manually You to manually the to This tone the connected telephone the telephone the If hear the LCD Select Press of the buttons to the the telephone. topic: Related Automatically You to from another (such as information service). Press the necessary. Select
the LCD You this: Select Select and On the Press of the buttons to the topic: You memory and them the LCD Press the necessary. the the LCD It there or the memory. Select Select Select the necessary. Select the to You the the Select
Select then or and follow the on-screen instructions. or them to the memory from the memory or topic:
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen expended, to You to that than months or their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges with Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges of the the LCD expended, the Select
Checking Cartridge with You this: The of the following: To OK If to Cartridge(s) and follow the instructions the topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the
You this or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the checkbox. topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You using the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This only Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 220XL
and Cartridges Standard-capacity High-capacity 220XL 220XL 220XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to replaced, then Proceed and follow the instructions the If the LCD the and Cartridge and the
the the white the the while the cover the the and the straight to of the or to
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of Gently the four or as shown. Then the from the or or the the the immediately the the head and to the yellow
with Black and Cartridges the the and clicks Press the to the correctly. If that incorrectly, the and the clicks Then the cover. the The the This the LCD off the while or If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from the as as You with with Cartridges
with Cartridges with Cartridges OS with Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the using the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with only or Click the the
If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK If the appears another to the using the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or You this: On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the
Conserving Black with Select from the Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the If become too light, or or light them, to clean the head Cleaning the only You them them unnecessarily. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the of the Press the necessary.
Select Select You this Select Head You this: Press the The
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there If there or the Clean the Head and
Checking the Follow the instructions the to clean the head, the and the as necessary. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges Related topics Loading You the head or of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
You this: Click
the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the the head. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced.
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related and Cartridges Related topics Loading If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related Removing and Cartridges You the head the sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select Select Head Cleaning
Cleaning the Head You this Press the the cleaning finished, the off the cleaning or Press the to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head Checking the the Product and Cartridges You clean the head or of the
of the following: Access the and right-click the the the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Head Cleaning You this: Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished.
off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head head cleaning If there
Head the Head the Product If there or the Clean to clean the head If cleaning the head to least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Cleaning the Head the Product Checking the the Product and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head the sheets of the Press the necessary. Select
You this: Select Head You screen this: of the following: If or If
the Head Follow the on-screen instructions to while head the the and of the following: If the the each the LCD If the the with the least amount of or the LCD topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and
Select Head Click Next then to while head You (where to You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each
Cleaning the choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Realignment Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of clean the to sheets of the Press the necessary. Select Select
You this and Cleaning Press the the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product these sections to or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should or thinner to clean the or or other the or the feed when to Turn off the the Disconnect the from the Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. Clean the
Clean the and the the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. If appear the or clean the the
Transporting Product the ADF cover and cloth (microfiber recommended), to the and the of the ADF. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise the the the head and the from Turn off the
the and to the the right (the If the the to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the the connected the and the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning
Head
Checking Software these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software
Product topic: You often with the its LCD If the the to the from LCD Turn the off and serious occurred. Turn the off and then back If the fixed, If the If there nearing the The the of their service and the of its service life. Please the replaced. to the of their service life. (To of the buttons.) the of its The the of its service Turn off the service life. Please and Support. tone detected. the the connected correctly and the phone If connected the to PBX Branch or off the Tone Detection Combination of IP and There with the to Communication There with the to the DNS the the or the Recovery occurred firmware USB and try downloading the from If topic:
Product Related Where to the Product the the (Rear Related and Cartridges Checking Software Updates Selecting Advanced Connecting Telephone or Related topics Loading or Wired operating properly. interface connected to of the (or Press the button, necessary. Select Select
You this Select Head You this: Press the The of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected
the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Head Cleaning to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them This If or this Press the necessary. Select and You this Select of these options: Network faxing. Clear and and You Select to the selected (Select to the operation.) topic:
Software these sections while Software topic: If hear from these The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related
Network Product to Wireless Router or Access OS these or or of this of and and or recovering and or the warranty that or and and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or connecting to wireless router or these If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To
Network Software Product Network MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If using Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related Direct Related Network Selecting Network From the Related topics or Wired If these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to
Product Not Appear OS If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics or Wired If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software
Network If try these that turned software as sheet and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If and the strength. If to router or or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. wired LAN router or to the LED the to which or flashing. If the LED off, the following: the Ethernet securely connected to and to router, switch, or connecting to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the If connecting the and the appear the LCD, software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network
Scan Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network Sheet Related topics or Wired If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or security software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high If interrupted while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or
Copying Product Nothing Product It While With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan the Product these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic: If nothing try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying
these sections with the Product the the (Rear the Ejection topic: If feeding these the the the If feed correctly, and the and the the the the the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and than the recommended of sheets. the specifications If when both of the follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product the the Loading Capacity
the Product Related topics Loading If the follow the to clear the the necessary. the the white the the while the cover
the including torn the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the (Rear the If follow the to clear the the necessary.
the then the
the (Rear Gently the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the (Rear the If the cover), follow the to clear the the necessary. Press the and the
the from the
the
the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the Product the If with the (ADF), follow the to clear the the necessary. originals from the ADF. the ADF cover. the ADF cover the
the ADF cover, then the cover.
the shown. the cover.
the ADF input and the ADF input to its the ADF its originals or and or other that the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the Product the (Rear
Ejection from If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related the Product the (Rear the Software Related Product Related topics Loading these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic:
Nothing Prints Product Not Appear If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If it directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the click and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and
Cartridge Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related Removing and Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the and
If OS X, and the turned off. Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select the increased Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from Related OS Software Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS
and Inverted Too these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Additional and that the or software topic: and
Incorrect Margins Printout Related Selecting Selecting OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting OS
Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Selecting Related topics Loading If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the Access the or Preferences (OS X) and White topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS If incorrect characters appear try these reprinting: securely connected both
Incorrect or from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If the printed, the characters. If incorrect characters appear try topic: and If printed the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting OS
Printout Quality White or Printout If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Selecting OS Selecting Related topics Loading these sections with using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Blurry or Smeared Printout the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Check Head Cleaning Head Related Software Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS and Cartridges Related topics Loading If or smeared, try these curled, or incorrectly sheet with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly each from the as printed. right to allow the to
Printout or Printout Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Specifications Related Cleaning the Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Double-sided OS Selecting Preferences OS Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary.
Printout The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Software Related Selecting Selecting OS Cleaning the Removing and Cartridges Related topics Loading If these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software
Incorrect Colors from the and high If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Additional and Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Head Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Removing and Cartridges OS these with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or
Scan topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, try these turned and interface securely connected both Scan selected such as or If and Scan. the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan installed. If both and If operating Scan, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning
Scanned Quality Consists of Related Scan the Scan Scanning with OS these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related Office Related topics the Product
of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related topics the Product If appears or try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and try Select the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
Colors Patchy the Edges Too of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too try these these Scan and try Brightness Check the and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and Select the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan
Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK yellow, and the matching and of and the software using to they affecting the of To the these Scan and try the and with of the the Correction the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality
or Related topics the Product these with or with Telephone Connected to Product topic: If or these the turned and correctly header information and ID. might rejected the to automatically. to this turned to automatically. that the telephone to LINE or software to the that the telephone phone to and testing If there tone and connected the to PBX Branch phone or the to PBX If off the off the tone (Turning off the tone the to the first of If connected to DSL phone DSL to the phone to the DSL the If telephone off correction and lowering
with Telephone Connected to Product the correction (ECM) turned trying to or If telephone and off to of incoming If to service, the to service If connected to that to that when If includes services, or received service. topic: Related Connecting Telephone or the Selecting the Selecting Advanced Reports Automatically Related topics Loading If when telephone connected to try these connected to EXT the to that the LCD displays that topic:
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software Related Connecting Telephone or the If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow instructions. of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall
Uninstalling Product Software OS the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the sheet instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to
Where to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications (ADF) Specifications Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and
OS Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Photoelectric CIS Effective inches Scanning to and US or A4 to
(ADF) Specifications Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Technical Specifications US or A4 type to feeding capacity thickness: inch topic: Technical Specifications Black-and-white and (ITU-T type Household to internal internal Black and white: internal sheets (US or A4) or PBX Branch
Specifications memory to (ITU-T chart with country or RJ-11 Interface topic: Technical Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or topic: Technical Specifications inch inch inch inch inch inch RJ-11 Telephone to Envelope to
Printable Specifications the shown to the sheets Margin: inches Quality inches Quality inches
Cartridge Specifications Quality inches Quality inches Left/right inches Top/bottom inches Quality inches Quality inches topic: Technical Specifications This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Black
Specifications Specifications months Cartridge to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge Height inches inches inches (without or cord) topic: Technical Specifications Rated to Rated Unopened the the month F C) F C) and hours F C) inches inches inches
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications to Rated copying: (ISO/IEC24712); topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB computers) topic: Technical Specifications Wireless LAN IEEE Wireless security WEP Ready W; W; off W; to F to C) month F C) WPA2-PSK (AES); WPA2 with WPA/WPA2
and Specifications AP Coordination Ethernet IEEE802.3i (10BASE-T); to of interference, Category-5e or higher shielded twisted Connector RJ-45 Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS and IPPS topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this IEEE Direct IEEE (100BASE-TX) should EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Instructions Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice and follow these instructions. Product Instructions Cartridge Instructions Instructions Telephone Instructions LCD Instructions topic: Notices to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the outlet the as or that switches and off, or switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each
If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly it or Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the the both the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the or as specifically to service the yourself.
Cartridge Instructions the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the its or otherwise topic: Instructions of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool,
Wireless Instructions Telephone Instructions LCD Instructions from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Instructions waves from this the operation of or such as or fire using this near such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions telephone should follow to reduce the of fire, shock, and including the following: the There of shock from telephone to the vicinity of the To reduce the of fire, AWG or cord. topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions
FCC United States This with of the FCC and the adopted the Council ("ACTA") On the of this that other information, the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. If this to the telephone Applicable Service ("USOC") the RJ11C. and to this to the and telephone with the FCC and adopted the ACTA. and with this It to connected to that instructions The REN to the of that connected to telephone telephone the to incoming areas, the of should To of the of that to as the RENs, the telephone products July the REN this of the that the US:AAAEQ##TXXXX. The the REN without REN of earlier products, the REN shown the If this to the telephone the telephone that temporary of service required. isn't the telephone the as as Also, of right to with the FCC it necessary. The telephone its operations or that the operation of the If this the telephone to necessary to service. If with this and technical or please www.epson.com information. This to repaired the customer. If this to telephone please Inc. Address: Airport CA U.S.A. Telephone: If the causing to the telephone the telephone that the the
This service the telephone to service to the service or corporation information. If specially wired connected to the telephone the of this If about what or The Telephone Consumer Protection of to or other including to such clearly the top or of each transmitted or the first of the the and and of the business or other entity, or other the and the telephone of the or such business, other entity, or (The telephone or other which charges or charges.) to this information the below instructions header information. According to the FCC's advisory, that AC the AC outlet to which this connected. Telephone that typically to connected to AC and that this nationwide This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded
Software Notice interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Industry technical specifications. The of the of allowed to connected to telephone interface. The termination interface of of to the that the of the of the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) (IES) interface interface tous CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices Related the This includes software to the of each software the of of such software years the of of this If to the please the of You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the The terms of each software the topic: Notices
Copyright Notice EPSON and EPSON and TM TM and Remote TM of Corporation. SM service of Inc. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. and Chrome, Print, and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation.
Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each user to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
Products Copyright Attribution This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to shorter topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-40871R2 topic: Copyright Notice