WorkForce WP-4090
Product Locations these sections to learn about the features of Software instructions this with the software. information the Command (PCL) or (PS3) software, please the Locations The EPSON these sections to the Top and Lights topic: Product
Top Edge Edge MP Rear MP topic: Locations
USB Ethernet LAN AC topic: Locations
and Lights head topic: Locations
The the The light The The The feed The cleaning The cleaning The The Ethernet light The light The light The lights topic: Locations Related Light The off of You the off, increasing the reduces the efficiency. the the OS topic: Product You the software to the the off automatically. of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound right-click and
the OS XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Click the Optional then You the Select the as the Click Apply the then the topic: The You the software to the the off automatically.
of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan and Select You this Select the as the Click Apply topic: The
EPSON With EPSON Print, from that such as smartphone, or assigned to EPSON to to with to as the If when software, www.epson.com/connect to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options EPSON account. topic: Product
the PCL or Software the PCL or Software software, as the the PCL or Software the PCL or Software XP the (PS3) Software OS If the EPSON software, to the PCL or (PS3) software the and to turned and connected to the as the software. Double-click the Download WP-4090 shortcut and the PCL or PS3 software. the that the previous of the following: Click and then Click and Double-click then You this
Click wireless or Bluetooth You this:
Select from the of and Next with (WSD) its If appear the turned and connected to and Search Click You this Click and the previous of the following: If the PCL software, and OK If the PS3 software, and OK You this:
Select the of and Next If the PCL software, Universal P6 from the the of as the and Next Click to that Click to the and If the PCL software, to the software topic: the PCL or Software Related Selecting the Product PCL Software Related topics with the PCL Software
the PCL or Software XP with the (PS3) Software If the EPSON software, to the PCL or (PS3) software the and to turned and connected to the as the software. Double-click the Download WP-4090 shortcut and the PCL or PS3 software. the that the Click and and Click You this
Select attached to this and Next the and and checked. You this Select Select TCP/IP as the of and Next You this
Click Next You this
To the information to Press the the the IP the and it as the or IP the Click Next Click You this Click Click and the of the following: If the PCL software, and OK If the software, and OK You this:
Select the of and Next If the PCL software, Universal P6 from the the of as the and Next Select to and that or to this then Next Click to the and If the PCL software, to the software topic: the PCL or Software Related Selecting the Product PCL Software
the (PS3) Software OS Related topics with the PCL Software with the (PS3) Software If the EPSON software, to the (PS3) software the and to and connected to the as the software. Double-click the Download WP-4090 shortcut and the PS3 software. the that downloaded the previous the PS3 software Follow the on-screen instructions to the PS3 software. the completed, the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan Click the EPSON and the software selected as the topic: the PCL or Software Related topics with the (PS3) Software OS
Loading Loading the the type of only when with the PCL or (PS3) software. Loading the Loading the Rear MP Loading Loading Capacity EPSON or the Each Source and the Optional You A4 inches and inches the the necessary.
the the outward. If the to the
of the as shown.
the the too tightly. the fits beneath the top of the and sticking from the of the
To feeding too the Gently the the and the If or the or the
Loading the Rear MP topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Rear MP Loading You of and the and the If or the
the MP the then the outward.
or and first, the of the If of the first and the to the edges. To feeding too the the the too tightly. follow these the recommended of sheets. first, which or top first. the arrow the the instructions.
Loading You with the MP The of the following inches A4 inches or inches The within inch of the of the topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading You this inches the and the
the MP the then the outward.
first and with the facing the of the the the too tightly. follow these If of each or If when try that curled, or too thin. topic: Loading Related references Loading Capacity Related Loading the Loading the Rear MP
Loading Capacity type Loading capacity Loading capacity rear MP Bright White sheets sheets Thick to inches inches sheets two-sided inches and A4 inches two-sided
EPSON type Loading Loading MP sheets Double-sided Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading Related Specifications You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided
count inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 inches S041568 inches S041341 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 inches S041067 S042180 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 S042038 S041271
or count inches S041982 inches S041331 topic: Loading Software this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Brochure Double-sided Envelope to Thick-Paper PCL and (PS3) Software PCL and (PS3) software and topic: Loading
the Each Source the Each Source Software the Source Software You the each software. The apply to to the If the PCL or (PS3) software with the optional to the software the the Each Source Software the and Source PCL Software the and Source Software topic: Loading You the each using software. the Each Source Software the Source Software OS topic: the Each Source You the each of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound right-click and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Click the Optional Click You this
Select the each as the Loaded If match of the the MP Others If the If the software to try to with the the Notice If Notice the from with the If this option off and to with the the the the and Click Apply the
the Each Source Software OS the topic: the Each Source Software You the each OS X. of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences and Select Click the You this
the and Source PCL Software Select the each as the If match of the the rear MP Others If the software to to with the the Notice If Notice the from with the If this option off and to with the the the the and Click Apply the topic: the Source Software You the and the PCL software. of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences You the this
the and Source Software Select the Source Select the the selected as the If match of the the MP the Custom and choose the that match The PCL software A4, and Click Apply the Preferences topic: the Each Source You the and (PS3) software. the and Source Software the Software OS topic: the Source
the and Source Software You the and the (PS3) software. of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Preferences XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click and Preferences Click the Paper/Quality You this Select the Source
the Software OS Click the Advanced You this Select the the selected as the The software A4, and Click OK the Preferences topic: the and Source Software You the OS using the (PS3) software.
and the Optional the Optional of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select the as the OS or OS The software A4, and the topic: the and Source Software Follow these instructions to the optional to If the optional with the PCL or (PS3) software, the the software. the Optional the Optional PCL Software the Optional (PS3) Software the Optional (PS3) Software OS topic: Loading You the optional to capacity. Turn off the and the and connected To shock, the cord. the from its and where to the
the Optional PCL Software the as shown, then the the and correctly. the and other and the Turn the topic: and the Optional You to the optional with the PCL software.
of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences then the Click and Click and Sound then right-click and Preferences Click the XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences then the You this Select the Optional Sources and Click OK The optional topic: and the Optional
the Optional (PS3) Software You to the optional with the PS3 software. of the following: Click and and Right-click and then the Click and Click and Sound then right-click and Click the Devices XP: Click and and Right-click and then the You this
the Optional (PS3) Software OS Select Unit as the Unit Click OK The optional topic: and the Optional You to the optional with the PS3 software. the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan then Click the You this
Select Unit as the Unit Click OK The optional topic: and the Optional
From with the Software Selecting EPSON Software from and its software as the If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with the Software with the EPSON Software OS with the PCL Software with the (PS3) Software with the (PS3) Software OS Product You with the software as these Selecting EPSON Software Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software Selecting Additional and EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software or EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software EPSON Software topic: From Select the the or to or
Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the Source that where the to Select the of the as the You the to
the of If Select the type of as the the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the the checkbox and the options To of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the options. To To as that and combined with other To reduce when Paper/Bright White Source EPSON Software Quality EPSON Software EPSON Software topic: with the Software Related or Related or EPSON Software Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software
Source EPSON Software Quality EPSON Software EPSON Software You of the options the Source to from that Automatically selects the based the selected Rear MP Selects the the MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If only the option topic: Selecting EPSON Software You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high quality. Quality the the topic: Selecting EPSON Software You of the options the to
Selecting EPSON Software and Prints or of Click the to and options. Prints of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting EPSON Software You both of the selecting the 2-Sided the these inches and A4 inches options or other chosen or the Select the checkbox. If the selected, of the following: Select the to the to manually and the to the other (recommended that Click the You this
Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the You this
Double-sided EPSON Software Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If selected the type, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided EPSON Software EPSON Software topic: with the Software You of the options the 2-Sided to Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Select the and option to as topic: Selecting EPSON Software
EPSON Software Selecting Additional and EPSON Software the of the options the to the of the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software You of and options or the
Custom Correction EPSON Software To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge and of these Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the Select the to option to reduce or or photo Select the the Select of the following Correction Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. To to Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction EPSON Software Additional EPSON Software topic: with the Software Related or EPSON Software You of the options the Correction to the
Brightness and and tones. If the RGB the using the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If photo includes with such as to off to the effects. ICM off software software.
Additional EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software topic: Selecting Additional and EPSON Software You of the Additional options to options selected or other chosen. Prints the rotated from its High reduce quality. the to right. Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or topic: Selecting Additional and EPSON Software to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More You the the
or EPSON Software of the to its of of the options the to To choose option Click OK topic: with the Software Once selected ready to and Click OK to You such as this
Selecting EPSON Software Click OK or to topic: with the Software the apply while that If to the Right-click the the You the
the of the Software EPSON Software Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software EPSON Software topic: with the Software You the the software Right-click the the You the Click the
EPSON Software You the Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting EPSON Software software to the You often the software or this Right-click the the Select You this:
of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click Apply Click OK to If choose to the to topic: with the Software Related Checking Software
with the EPSON Software OS Selecting EPSON Software OS You with the EPSON software using OS as these Selecting EPSON Software OS Selecting EPSON Software OS Selecting EPSON Software OS Printed EPSON Software OS Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software OS EPSON Software OS or EPSON Software OS Selecting Preferences EPSON Software OS topic: From Select the basic the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the expanded
The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these
Select the type of as the Check the type the Quality to Select of the Source EPSON Software OS Quality EPSON Software OS EPSON Software OS topic: with the EPSON Software OS Related or Related Selecting EPSON Software OS or EPSON Software OS
Source EPSON Software OS Quality EPSON Software OS You of the options the Source to from that selects the based the selected Rear MP Selects the the MP as the Selects the as the Selects the as the If only the option topic: Selecting EPSON Software OS You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. with reduced quality. Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting EPSON Software OS
EPSON Software OS Selecting EPSON Software OS Selecting EPSON Software OS You of the options to options other chosen. text and graphics or of the to right. topic: Selecting EPSON Software OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the You to Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with the EPSON Software OS You of options or selecting from the the
Printed EPSON Software OS To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To the the topic: with the EPSON Software OS You the of the as selecting from the the
Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software OS To selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with the EPSON Software OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the
options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options. Select the type of as the The software the options that type.
Double-sided and EPSON Software OS EPSON Software OS If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided and EPSON Software OS topic: with the EPSON Software OS You of the options the Two-sided or to Two-sided Long-Edge to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software OS You the and to the or off software. from the the Select of the
Matching and EPSON Software OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the options. and EPSON Software OS topic: with the EPSON Software OS You from these the Matching and EPSON using software, or off ColorSync Prints using and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics. If the RGB the the the and sharpness of
or EPSON Software OS sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. Red-Eye or off software only software. topic: EPSON Software OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking EPSON Software OS
Checking EPSON Software OS Selecting Preferences EPSON Software OS topic: with the EPSON Software OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or EPSON Software OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences
Preferences EPSON Software OS Select or Scan and Select You this Select of the Click OK Preferences EPSON Software OS topic: with the EPSON Software OS You from these the Thick and from smearing when or other thick that that text or when Paper/Bright White as the or
with the PCL Software Selecting the Product PCL Software High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences EPSON Software OS You with the PCL software as these The PCL software products that If connected USB, to the software. To the software, to www.epson.com/support/wp4090downloads Selecting the Product PCL Software Selecting PCL Software Selecting and Graphics PCL Software Selecting Finishing PCL Software Selecting PCL Software topic: From You to the the PCL software of the following: Click and and Right-click and Preferences then the Click and Click and Sound then right-click and Preferences Click the XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences then the You this
Selecting PCL Software Select as the Click OK topic: with the PCL Software Select the the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to
You the of Select from the following To or the To or of the Text as Black To or of both of the checkboxes unselected. the of If Landscape Select the of the as the You Custom to
Selecting and Graphics PCL Software Select as the The PCL software A4, and Select the Source that where the to To both of the of the as the To the Click the Advanced to the from its or the topic: with the PCL Software You of options or the and Graphics
Selecting Finishing PCL Software Select of the following Quality with reduced text and graphics with and To the to On reduced when the Select of the following as the text or graphics, such as charts or the or or graphics, the Photo-Realistic or Photo-Realistic To and the Advanced and the options as necessary. topic: with the PCL Software You of finishing options or the
Select of the following Finishing To each of the option. To that or bound, the option. To the of or photo, the Scaled option. To or sheets of the option. the options that appear the as necessary. To or or graphic overlay, the and the options as necessary. To to or photo, the and the options as necessary. topic: with the PCL Software
Selecting PCL Software the apply only while that If to the of the following: Click and and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound then right-click and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences You the Select the to as Click OK
with the (PS3) Software Selecting Software These the selected You them as topic: with the PCL Software You with the (PS3) software as these The software products that connected If connected USB, to the software. To the software, to www.epson.com/support/wp4090downloads Selecting Software Selecting Additional and Software Selecting Software topic: From Select the the or to or Select the You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to and then the Preferences You the of
Select the of To both of the of the Both To the of the of the To of the To of or the option. Click the Paper/Quality You this
Selecting Additional and Software Select the Source that matches where the to Select as the The software A4, and Select of the following as the To or photo, the To text and graphics only, the Black White topic: with the (PS3) Software You of and options or clicking the Advanced
Select the of the as the Select the Quality option that matches the to the Scaling to reduce or or To the the ICM option to of the ICM options and the ICM to the to the of of when the Sheet the the Edge to the of the heading to the advanced software features. Select of the options to topic: with the (PS3) Software
Selecting Software the apply while that If to the of the following: Click and Devices and Right-click and Preferences Click and Click and Sound then right-click and Preferences XP: Click and and Right-click and Preferences You the Select the to as Click OK
with the (PS3) Software OS Selecting Software OS These the selected You them as topic: with the (PS3) Software You with the (PS3) software OS as these The software products that connected Ethernet. If connected USB, to the EPSON software. To the EPSON software, to www.epson.com/support/wp4090downloads Selecting Software OS Selecting Software OS Selecting Software OS Printed Software OS Software OS or Software OS topic: From Select the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command. Select as the
If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the You the The the of OS and the Select the Two-Sided and as necessary. If these the them
Select the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the You these Select From or From and the to from.
Select from the You these Select as the The software A4, and Select of the following Quality with reduced
Selecting Software OS text and graphics with and from the You these Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics only, the Select of the topic: with the (PS3) Software OS to the and from the
Selecting Software OS If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the You to Select the of or photo as shown the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with the (PS3) Software OS You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To the the
Printed Software OS Software OS topic: with the (PS3) Software OS You the of the as selecting from the the To selected option from the to To the which printed, option from the To the to the to and from the Destination topic: with the (PS3) Software OS You the to the
or Software OS Select from the the of the following: To and to match ColorSync Select of the Profile options to the active To the topic: with the (PS3) Software OS Once selected ready to Click the of the
Checking Software OS Product Checking Software OS topic: with the (PS3) Software OS the of and Click the when appears the You the Select the following options as necessary: To the and To the and To the and To To topic: or Software OS If to the
topic: From
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge and Lights The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and responsibly and with If to and to please to www.epson.com/recycle information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and Removing and Cartridges the and its software know when or expended, or when the to replaced. the PCL or (PS3) software with the and the buttons or the included with the software. To the software, to www.epson.com/support/wp4090downloads Checking Cartridge and Lights Checking Cartridge and With Checking Cartridge and With OS topic: Cartridges and You the of and the lights
Checking Cartridge and With The light The lights If the light flashing, or the nearing the of its service life. You the or If the light red, the or the the of its service life. You the or topic: Cartridge and appears to when and or using To the the then You this
or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences You this
the the of the To offers, the topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and With OS the You the of and of the following: OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select EPSON You this
the following as necessary: You the and clicking or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and and Cartridges the You purchase boxes, and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and and them. The of other products and of the from the included of the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or and the within months of them. (High-capacity) High-capacity) Black 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL T671000 topic: Purchase Cartridges and You immediately the ones.
the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn which to replaced. the front cover. the then of the of the or to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of
the from the the the the immediately the the head and to Gently the about seconds as shown. or or the the and clicks
the finished, the front cover. the the the and to clear the off the If or and the If the supply from and and the as the The the supply to the supply or surrounding with the facing upside-down. topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight.
the the from its the the Press the buttons the of the and
the as shown and of its the or Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of children and the the the that with the Seal the and of
the the and the Press the the of the and topic: Cartridges and
Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head If to to or the head. the PCL or (PS3) software with the and the head and the buttons or the included with the software. To the software, to www.epson.com/support/wp4090downloads If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You clean them them unnecessarily. You clean the head expended, and to when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Checking the topic: Head
Checking the the You the head using the of the Turn off the the cleaning as the to the back both the light to flash, then release the buttons. the to there the head head cleaning If there the head and If there or the clean the head. topic: Head
Checking the Related topics Cartridges and You the head using or sheets of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the clean the head. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related topics Cartridges and
Cleaning the Head the You the head using the lights indicating of the the cleaning or the cleaning seconds to the cleaning which around The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or to that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and
Cleaning the Head You the head or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Cleaning You this: Select the cleaning to based the Click to the cleaning
Head The light flashes throughout the cleaning and when the cleaning finished. off the cleaning or the light flashing and to the clean; and the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to turn off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning.
the Head the Head topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning You the head using or of the of the following: Right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select or Scan and Select and OS the Apple or the Preferences Select and Select Select Head Click Next then to while head You this:
Cleaning the Path the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head If the back of clean the to sheets of the MP
Press the feed to and as the clean. topic: Quality
Cleaning and Transporting the Product Cleaning the Product Transporting the Product If or to follow the instructions these Cleaning the Product Transporting the Product To its should or thinner to the or anything top of the cover or the cover as writing or permanently scratched. or other the or Turn off the the connected the from the MP Clean the rear MP brush. Clean the with cloth with the MP and when the topic: Cleaning and Transporting the Product If to or as follows. Turn off the the connected the from the MP and
the and as shown. the its or of the protective that with the otherwise the If when location, and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting the Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software Light these sections to Checking Software Light Network from and Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. the U.S. or With software manually the software selecting Software Right-clicking the the On the the On the or the EPSON (other topic: You often with the lights.
Lights Light The The light The light flashing The the The Ethernet light The connected to the The light The the of its service or Press the The light flashing The the of its service life. light to flashing turning off the cleaning and cleaning buttons the to clear the then or the
Light The light the The light flashing Not enough memory the to The light flashing fast The front cover the cover. The and light flashing or light light flashing the or MP and the feed to If the to the The selected match of the the Press the to clear the and the right If the and the feed button. Unsupported Press the to the through the the the and the to the Then the to clear the Press the to the correctly. the indicated the correctly.
Light lights flashing the the and the to the Turn the off and then back If the clear, The and the The light flashing topic: Related the Product the the Where to Related topics Loading Cartridges and the operating properly. Turn off the connected interface recovery www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support instructions repeating the firmware
the cleaning as the to the back both buttons the light to flash, then release the buttons. The the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. caused software, or selected the other this section or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to these sections while Software
Software Network topic: If hear from these the and protective from the The first the its head. finishes turn off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related these or using
Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network Network topic: If these turned and connected to If necessary, software and topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network If these that turned software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. If and the strength. If to router or
microwave or such as wired LAN router or to the LED the to which connected or flashing If the LED off, the following: the securely to and to router, switch, or connecting to or router, switch, or with Ethernet to from another the topic: Network You to the of using To the the the the shown the to topic: Network these sections with the Product the the Ejection topic: If feeding these If feed from the or the right then the the the the the
the Product If feed once, the the to the and than the recommended of sheets. If when both of the sheets. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Product the the Loading Capacity Related topics Loading If the try these the from necessary. the front cover.
including torn the front cover.
the If near the Press the to topic: Related references the the If the this the the
the the
the follow instructions when the Press the feed to topic: Related the Product the If the try these the from necessary. Press the the of the and
the If the the as shown.
Press the buttons the as Press the to topic: Related the Product the
Ejection Nothing Prints If with ejecting properly, try these If the using the then the to the the Select the when If when or too thin. and to the type software when topic: Related the Product the the or Related Product these sections with the PCL or software. Nothing Prints from the PCL or Software PS3 topic: If these and properly connected. flashing lights. The PCL and software screen selected as the topic:
from the PCL or Software PS3 from Related Selecting the Product PCL Software If or incorrect the PCL or software, these selected the PCL software. If the as and software, options and functions the PCL, or software to and features. topic: Related Selecting the Product PCL Software You PS3 to the information and software To the PS3 the off, then and the the while back topic: these sections while from while with the PCL or (PS3) software, the sections covering that software this Nothing Prints Occurs, Nothing Prints Product While Product Not Appear Cartridge topic:
Nothing Prints Occurs, Nothing Prints If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related If nothing these head to of the clogged. Then clean the head, necessary.
Product While Product Not Appear Cartridge properly while that the of the topic: from This topic: from If the first restarting If that try this of the following: Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the Shortcut Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the allowing to the
If the head the follow the instructions this to and the replaced, to the its Complete the topic: from Related topics Cartridges and If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB it directly to instead. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select Click the and the following High RAW as topic: from
and Inverted Related or Related Selecting EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS these sections with the or of Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Incorrect Characters Incorrect or topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS
Too Incorrect Margins Printout that the or software topic: and Related Selecting Additional and EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS Selecting Preferences EPSON Software OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or topic: and Related Selecting EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS Related topics Loading If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the right-click the and Select and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and selected as the If connected to USB directly to instead. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software.
Quality White or Printout correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS Selecting Additional and EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS these sections with quality, White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors Printout topic: If white or try these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality
Blurry or Smeared Printout Related Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and EPSON Software Selecting Preferences EPSON Software OS If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the specifications to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality
Printout or Printout Related Head Cleaning Head Related EPSON Specifications Related Selecting EPSON Software Selecting Additional and EPSON Software Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS Selecting Preferences EPSON Software OS Selecting Double-sided EPSON Software OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related Selecting EPSON Software
Printout Incorrect Colors Selecting EPSON Software OS Cleaning the Path Related topics Cartridges and If try these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software topic: Quality Related Head Related Selecting Additional and EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS Selecting Preferences EPSON Software OS Related topics Loading If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them.
Printout to Uninstall Product Software exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Cleaning Related EPSON Related Selecting Additional and EPSON Software EPSON Software OS Related topics Cartridges and If these Select higher software. the head. the while or topic: Quality Related Selecting EPSON Software Selecting EPSON Software OS Related topics Loading If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Software EPSON Software
Uninstalling Software EPSON Software Uninstalling Software PCL Software Uninstalling Software PCL Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to You the software. Turn off the interface of the following: to the right-click the and Select and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and click OK Then follow on-screen instructions. then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software You and then software to
Uninstalling Product Software OS You the software. Turn off the interface of the following: or Select and and Uninstall Select Universal P6 and Uninstall/Change XP: Click and Double-click or Universal P6 and Change/Remove Follow on-screen instructions to software. then software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions.
Where to If the and the or Scan and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase Computer of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase and www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications EPEAT These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products EPEAT Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications PS3 Fonts PCL5 PCL6 Fonts This EPEAT the information, EPEAT specifications topic: Technical Specifications
To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 2008R2* included software www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support the and topic: Technical Specifications
Specifications Specifications Rear MP top Rear MP sheets to to capacity Approximately sheets to to topic: Technical Specifications Related Loading Capacity to to Humidity: to RH Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed front A6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Specifications to inch to Thickness to You with the MP The of the following inches A4 inches or inches The within inch of the of the inches to topic: Technical Specifications the expanded sheets inch
inch Right: inch inch With the PCL Software, the inch With the software and EPSON software, the inch inch inch inch Right: inch With the PCL Software, the inch With the software, the inch With the EPSON software, the inch The recommended inch topic: Technical Specifications
Cartridge Specifications Specifications that and and them. The of other products and of the from the included of the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Yellow, Black Cartridge months to to within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches (without Unopened the the month thaws and hours inches inches inches
Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications topic: Technical Specifications supply rating to to Rated Rated (ISO/IEC24712) topic: Technical Specifications to to to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications Interface type USB Class computers) topic: Technical Specifications Ready off to to month
Network Interface Specifications and Specifications PS3 Fonts Ethernet BASE-TX/10BASE-T topic: Technical Specifications Safety: UL60950-1 United States Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 topic: Technical Specifications Italic, Light Italic, Compact Apple Chancery ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC Gothic ITC Gothic Italic, Italic, Compressed ITC Light, ITC Light Italic, ITC ITC Chicago Light, CooperBlack, CooperBlack Gothic 32BC Gothic 33BC EMC: FCC Class EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Italic, Italic, Light, Light Italic, Italic, BoldItalic, Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Helvetica Narrow, Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Helvetica Narrow Text, Text Italic, Text Text Black Italic, Text Italic, LetterGothic, LetterGothic LetterGothic LetterGothic ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC Graph ITC New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook Italic, New Century Schoolbook New Century Schoolbook New York Italic, Italic, Italic, Italic, Univers, Univers Univers Univers Univers Light, Univers Light
PCL5 UniversCondensed, UniversCondensed UniversCondensed UniversCondensed UniversExtended UniversExtended UniversExtended UniversExtended ITC ZapfChancery ITC Italic, New New Italic, New New topic: Technical Specifications Font Family HP FixedPitch Italic, SWA ITC Dutch Italic, CG Italic, CG Ribbon Italic, Univers Italic, Univers Incised Olive Bold, Italic, Calligraphic BT BT BT
Font Family HP BT SWM Italic, Dutch SWM Italic, New SWA Helvetica Narrow SWA Helvetica Narrow Calligraphic SWA Italic, SWA ITC Gothic SWA Light, Light Italic, ITC Century SWA Italic, New Century Schoolbook Dutch SWA Italic, Chancery SWA ITC Chancery SWM SWA More SWM FixedPitch Gothic BT BT FixedPitch Italic, OCR OCR EAN/UPC
PCL6 Fonts topic: Technical Specifications Related Fonts Font FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch FixedPitch Dutch Dutch Dutch Ribbon
Font Incised Incised Incised Calligraphic SWM SWM SWM SWM Dutch SWM Dutch SWM Dutch SWM
Font Dutch SWM SWA SWA SWA SWA Narrow SWA Narrow SWA Narrow SWA Narrow SWA Calligraphic SWA Calligraphic SWA Calligraphic SWA Calligraphic SWA SWA SWA SWA SWA Light SWA SWA Light SWA SWA Century SWA Century SWA Century SWA Century SWA Dutch SWA
Font Dutch SWA Dutch SWA Dutch SWA Chancery SWA SWM More SWM SWA SWA BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT BT Font Font topic: Technical Specifications
Related of of these the international characters to each software and automatically, to write or software that to these the typefaces and which to which to with the the and choose. PCL5 Typefaces and the PCL5 of these typefaces the Ribbon Incised Calligraphic SWM Dutch SWM SWA Narrow SWA Calligraphic SWA SWA SWA Century SWA
Dutch SWA Chancery SWA FixedPitch PCL5 Typeface FixedPitch IBM-US (10U) (8U) Dutch ECM94-1 (0N) (8U) ISO (5N) 8859-10ISO (6N) FixedPitch IBM-DN (11U) (12U) (1U) 8859-15ISO (9N) FixedPitch (26U) (9J) Dutch (19L) (7J) (10J) (9U) FixedPitch (12J) MsPublishi (6J) (15U) (6M) (13J) (14J) (17U) (9T) (19U) (9E) (5T) UK (1E) (0S) (0I) Spanish (2S) (1G) (0D) (1F) (4U) (13U) ISO (4N) (18N)
Typeface FixedPitch PsMath (5M) Dutch Math-8 (8M) ANSI ASCII (0U) FixedPitch BT BT BT BT BT BT FixedPitch (3R) (14R) (9R) (12G) (10G) (9G) FixedPitch (12N) (8G) FixedPitch (10N) Dutch FixedPitch (0E) FixedPitch (0H) FixedPitch ISO (7H) BT (8H) BT PC-862, (15H) BT
Typeface BT (8V) BT PC-864, (10V) BT HPWARA (9V) SWA (19M) SWM More SWM (579L) SWA (14L) OCR OCR (0O) OCR OCR (1O) (0Y) EAN/UPC EAN/UPC (8Y) PCL6 Attribute Font ISO ISO ISO ISO Swedish ASCII ISO United ISO French ISO OCR (3Q)
Attribute Font ISO ISO Spanish PS Math ISO Microsoft Publishing ISO Math-8 ISO PS Text PC-8 PC-8 D/N MC Text
Attribute Font PC-850 Font PC852 WBALT PC-755 PC-866, PC-851, ISO PC-8, ISO PC-866 UKR
Attribute Font ISO PC-862, HPWARA PC-864, topic: Technical Specifications Related PCL5 PCL6 Fonts
Notices FCC these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products FCC Software Notices Copyright Notice United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Notices This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE LICENSE This includes software Section to the of each software the of the GPL LGPL and Apple Source (each Section years the of of this If to the please You comply with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which Software CD. This includes software the the This includes cryptographic software written The of each software Software CD. The of software which this includes as follows. GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL The of GPL
module-init-tools-1.60.9 GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL The of LGPL
Apple Source This includes the software which apply the Apple Source or its ("Apple Source Apple Source This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the SSLeay This includes software which the of and SSLeay BSD Software Distribution This includes the software which apply the Software Distribution ("BSD The of BSD RPC This includes the software which apply the RPC RPC The of RPC
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The of TCP Wrappers This includes the software "TCP Wrappers" which the and of the copyright to the "TCP Wrappers". "TCP Wrappers" This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the ARC4 This includes the software "ARC4" which the terms and of the copyright to the "ARC4". "ARC4" ARC4 This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the MD5 This includes the software "MD5" which the terms and of the copyright to the MD5 MD5 MD5 AES
Copyright Notice This includes the software "AES" which the terms and of the copyright to the "AES". "AES" AES topic: Notices EPSON and and WorkForce EPSON TM and EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Approved Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation.
Corporation Integrated (IPS) This includes RSA BSAFE Cryptographic software from RSA Security Inc. RSA Security Inc. rights Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MECHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This of the Acrfour algorithm Copyright Rights Redistribution and and with or without that this copyright and retained. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KALLE KAUKONEN AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KALLE KAUKONEN OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECTI, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of The the factory to that the of efficiency, and the topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-35696R2 topic: Copyright Notice