WorkForce WP-4010 these instructions Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. and protective including the and the Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the the front cover. Unpack the four each as shown about seconds. each the its each clicks. the front cover. The the This about the light flashing, The included the and about count Dont off the or the cover while or the You A4-, or the instructions and the MP the the the outward, and them the of If the as shown. the with the or facedown. the the front and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD.
the front cover. Unpack the four each as shown about seconds. each the its each clicks. the front cover. The the This about the light flashing, The included the and about count Dont off the or the cover while or WorkForce WP-4010 these instructions using Unpack ready to the Cartridges to reliability. and protective including the and the Turn the to the back of the and to to Press the the You A4-, or the instructions and the MP the the the outward, and them the of If the as shown. the with the or facedown. the the front and sticking from the of the the the too tight. the the the Gently the The slightly as the This the and the as shown. the software If CD/DVD the software from the technical to other including and protection software, this software installation. the NOT CONNECTED to If New and the USB You cant software that CD.
If the If the Account or OS X: Double-click the Click or OS X) and follow the instructions Network and Press the to TCP/IP, DHCP option the and/or the to router. the firewall temporarily to that causing the firewall If assigned IP another to with USB securely connected as shown: when expended. If expended, it to the (usually the whiter, or If light or or they too to the head cleaning. the information. The and necessary. the information. If of the below, follow the to proceed: On Flashing Flashing match, or sheets the correctly and the feed the the or the the and the feed The front cover the cover. The indicated The indicated or correctly. or the The nearing the of its service life. The the of its service or Press the and the to clear the then the Turn the off and the protective and from the Then turn the back If the clear, Network Turn the off and then and router On-screen with software Select or when software. Click the (or the Applications/Epson Software/Guide OS X) to the software downloads, and If it from the CD or to the as Technical technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: U.S. AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of and Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products and with professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON offers of business and to information. Smooth, and graphical the below to Its as easy as WorkForce WP-4010 High-capacity High-capacity Black 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36135 Printed XXXXXX
If of the below, follow the to proceed: On Flashing Flashing with software when using software. or Select Applications/Epson Click the (or the OS X) to the Software/Guide software downloads, and If from the CD or to the as Technical technical (U.S.) or where or You with calling: PM to AM U.S. PM to AM through and PM to AM through and hours of to without or charges apply. Recycling offers recycling of and www.epson.com/recycle Please to information to products If the If the Account or Double-click the X: OS OS X) and follow or Click the instructions Network and Press the to TCP/IP, DHCP option the and/or the network to router. the firewall temporarily to that causing the firewall If assigned IP another to connecting with USB securely connected as shown: when expended. If expended, to the (usually the whiter, or If light or or they too to the head information. cleaning. the The and necessary. the information. and with DURABrite professional the right the right purchase them www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON match, or sheets the correctly and the the the or the the and the The front cover the cover. The indicated offers of business and to information. The indicated or correctly. or the The nearing the of its service life. Smooth, and graphical The the of its service or installed. Press the and buttons the to clear the then the Turn the off and the protective and from the Then the back If the clear, the below to Its as easy as Network Turn the off and then and router WorkForce WP-4010 High-capacity High-capacity Black 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL 676XL 711XXL wireless of and right from smartphones, and other www.epson.com/connect WorkForce, and DURABrite and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36135 Printed XXXXXX