WF-100
Product the these sections to learn about the of the Product Locations Battery Charging The and and More these sections to learn about the and The LCD LCD Turning On topic: Product The The LCD The arrow buttons and the OK
The LCD Screen The or to the topic: the Network Battery and topic: the the LCD the The
LCD The The too or too cold. Select Battery to the The service the or the nearly expended. occurred or the searching established. The of the strength. established. Direct established. AP established. increased. increased. topic: the You the the LCD From the and the OK
Turning On You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK topic: the You reduce the the turning Turning this reduce From the and the OK
Product Locations You this Press the arrow to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select On and the OK topic: the these sections to the Top and topic: Product
Top USB Rear Edge light Battery charging light topic: Product Locations
and Battery Charging cover cover Security optional security topic: Product Locations You charge the the and AC and the the to (or other USB the USB
Charging the Battery the AC Battery indicated the LCD the following: The user-replaceable when the the off the when and the The Charge the within of to F to C). The charge or the too or cold. It about hours to charge the battery. If the the of its service life. to the battery. The charging light charging and off when the charged. The light flashes the too or too to charge the battery. Charging the Battery the AC Charging the Battery the USB topic: Product You charge the the AC the to the AC and the AC to the the other of the topic: Battery Charging
Charging the Battery the USB The and You the the included USB to or USB including USB the turned off or To charge from the and or hibernation the to USB the the USB The charging light the the as USB topic: Battery Charging The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the the topic: Product
the You the to the the off automatically. You and From the and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow to and the OK You this of the following: To the when the OK
the To the when the the battery, the arrow to Battery and the OK Select the of which the to off when Then the OK topic: The and the LCD off. Press to turn back You the to the the From the and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
and More You this Select the the to Then the OK topic: The and You and from office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, and Print. the Remote topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions.
the Remote with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and Related topics this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless as this the below. to learn about and the of Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics With software or to anywhere the world. as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the Remote software. the and optional of the to and this Remote the command and choose the Remote
topic: and More Related topics allows to wirelessly to from the of and from OS or If AirPrint. the below to the necessary. wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related Selecting the Source Related topics With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below.
Chromebook and to the the to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information using Print, or the of Chromebook topic: Product Related Network Related topics With Account, from Chromebook without or
as this the below. connected to wireless the Turn and to the wireless as connecting to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays Select OK or the OK to the and to Account and from iPhone, or phone with access. information Print, topic: Related Network Sheet Related topics
these sections to Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with using wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired Wireless router or
Selecting Wireless Network from the with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Wireless Network from the topic: You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the and the software. The through From the and the OK You this and the OK of the following: Press the OK to the wireless network displayed. Press the to wireless Then, the arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK If wireless manually.
To the wireless network manually, Other SSID and the OK as the If the following wireless (or and then Press the and arrow to through characters (including and lowercase and numbers). Then the right arrow to to the character. To characters, the arrow. characters, the OK The and to correctly and lowercase and or characters. If to the OK the should connected to the If the appear the LCD selected the or the incorrectly. these to topic: Related topics or Network
Direct You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless You of these to with or Access The acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD The one-to-one with another Direct operating this displays Direct or the LCD To release the to from or other To from the Utility, Advanced Services Direct Direct topic:
Direct Related Accessing the You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or From the and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to Direct and the OK Select and the OK Press the arrow then the OK to the If already connected or to Direct, they disconnected when the
Direct least and than characters Press the and arrow buttons to through characters (including and lowercase and numbers). Then the right arrow to to the character. To characters, the arrow. characters, the OK Press the OK You this:
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD then the shown. Press the OK to You the AP the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the WPS router. From the and the OK
Network You this Press the arrow to (WPS) and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS should the LCD topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of using From the and the OK Press the arrow to Network and the OK
or Network Accessing the You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the OK to the (Press the to the operation.) the shown the to topic: these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: Related Selecting Network from the You and its operating using You this built-in from or other that connected to the as
USB to Connecting to New Router the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the options. topic: or Network Related Network If already connected to using USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB to Download and software from the the instructions the Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network If the wireless router to to the router. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the using the instructions the
topic: or Network You to features type or to with features, of SSID and and selected the services From the and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK button. the confirmation, the OK to topic: or Network
Loading Loading and the type of Loading and Selecting the Source Turning the Loading Capacity or You and to this the rear feed: inches and the cover. the to the
of the following: the the with the or with the facedown and to as shown. of (or other with the with the or the the too tightly.
Selecting the Source the fits the the If the the the right the the the and the the right the right, then the and type of the LCD follow these only the of sheets. first and If each the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Specifications You the and type the the From the and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
Turning the You this Select Source and the OK To off the of the the the to If this, to AirPrint. and the OK Select and the OK Select the and the OK Select and the OK Select the type and the OK topic: Loading Related or The when the match the loaded. You off this from the From the and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
Loading Capacity You this Select Source and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK topic: Loading the the of the type to this sheets sheets Bright White
type to this topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 S042038 S041271
count inches S042181 S042174 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041467 inches S041257 topic: Loading You inches inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042180
or topic: Loading or built-in Paper/Bright White Bright White Envelope topic: Loading
from with the Software from and its software as the the software, from using the built-in If to to software If Software and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. If the AC while the which with the Software with the with OS Product You with the software as these Selecting Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Selecting or Selecting topic: from
Selecting Select the the or to photo or Select the command You to the option the or another command. If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of
Select the of the as the You the to to the If photo, You to options You type and to without the Select the of If Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the 2-Sided option. To sheet of or sheets of of the the and the options To and their the options. To reduce when Paper/Bright White To To as that and with other Quality
Quality Selecting Double-sided topic: with the Software Related or Related or Selecting Double-sided You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. text and High text and graphics with high topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the
options or other chosen or the Select of the following options 2-Sided (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other Click the
Double-sided You this the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions the Double-sided topic: with the Software Related Selecting You of the options the 2-Sided to
Selecting Additional and Edge Select that the Margin options that to allow Select the to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of and options or photo the More
To the of or the Reduce/Enlarge and of these options: Select the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or the the of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. Select to You To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with the Software Related or
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM Turns off software only software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options pre-selected or other chosen. Emphasize Text the of to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or red-eye Text Black Prints text Text Prints text background or and Prints graphics and with Text, Graphs, and Prints graphics, and with Universal graphics, and Additional Prints the rotated from its
High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and
Selecting Preset to of the or More You clicking the Click the or You the the of the to its of
Selecting Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with the Software You that apply to the to the and right-click the the Select Click the You the options:
Click the button. You this of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with the Software You from these the EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect; reduce each containing the title, and RAW Datatype Increases and other
or Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to screening Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM Allows to ICM the Source Prints using the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
Selecting You such as this Click OK or to topic: with the Software the apply while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with the Software You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with the You this of the following: To often the software the every To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with the Software Related Checking Software You from the CD or as these the Software Selecting topic: from
the Software Selecting You the included USB to the to and the from the the connected to the On the and the OK the arrow buttons to WF-100 and the OK Follow the instructions the LCD to the and the USB and the OK to or the and EPSON SETUP Follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. topic: with the the the or to or Select the command You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of If Select the and Click the Paper/Quality
You this Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select option: To text and graphics or of the Black White To or photo, the Click Advanced
You this the of the as the Click OK to On the OK or to topic: with the Related or Related
with OS Selecting OS You with OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the the or photo to or Select the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
the and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the options. Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS
Quality OS OS You of the Quality options to the of the type chosen. Normal and text and graphics with and Quality text and graphics with increased and High Quality and graphics with high Quality the the topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. Prints and graphics or of the If the option the white topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the or with option. You to the Quality to Normal Select the of or photo as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related
Selecting OS OS You of options or photo selecting from the the To sheet of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To invert or the the or topic: with OS You the and to the or off software.
and OS Select from the the Select of the options. Select from the the The the the option selected the Select of the options. and OS topic: with OS You from these the and
Selecting Preferences OS Matching EPSON software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the Click the arrow to Advanced and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with cast, such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS or OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or that that text or High reduce topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to
Checking OS Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when appears the
You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS
You increase to This when with the built-in which include Increasing reduce From the and the OK You this Press the arrow to and the OK You this Press the arrow to or and the OK
topic: from You the to the lighter or This when with the built-in which include From the and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Product of the following: To the and the OK To the and the OK topic: from If to the topic: from
Cartridges and Cartridge and Checking Cartridge and the LCD Screen The that flushed from the head cleaning. or the the of its service life, to You to that than months their cleaning and the head. Please of and responsibly and with If would to and boxes to please to information. Cartridge and Purchase Cartridges and Removing and Cartridges with Black and Cartridge Conserving Black with the and its software when or expended, or when the to replaced. Checking Cartridge and the LCD Checking Cartridge and with Checking Cartridge and with OS topic: Cartridges and You the of and LCD If necessary, the to to the
Checking Cartridge and with The and displayed as shown: The displayed topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges the appears to when and or To the the the and
You this or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the checkbox. Click OK topic: Cartridge and Related and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge and with OS the You the of and the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this the following as necessary: You the and clicking
Purchase Cartridges and Cartridge and or the or as indicated the If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge and Related Removing and Cartridges the You purchase boxes, and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON This only Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge and topic: Cartridges and these when or purchase or T2950 within months of the Black
and Cartridges topic: Purchase Cartridges and You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK Select the option to the and the OK button. If the LCD Cartridge Then the OK the cover. the head hand; otherwise, the white the
the to the replacing. Then the of the to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the the that with of the or to
the from the and the the shown below. Doing operation and the from the and the or of them. other or or
with Black and Cartridge the the as shown. Then the of the clicks the or that replacing, the cover and the OK The the This the LCD off the while or If incorrectly, the cover and the clicks finished, the cover. If or and the If the the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the the as the the with the of the head and to topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and the expended, temporarily from using the as as
with Cartridge with Cartridge OS with Cartridge with Cartridge OS topic: Cartridges and If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to or Access the Click the Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale checkbox. Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridge If and to temporarily with only or Click the the If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and
Select or You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridge
Conserving Black with the The following appears when and there The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to the If this topic: Cartridges and that and than the from sunlight.
the from its the the Turn off the and the and USB the cover and the upside-down. Press the and the cover.
the as shown and the sections shown. Doing and to Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right the of the reach of and the the the that with the the and of the the and the cover.
topic: Cartridges and Related Purchase Cartridges and
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. Head Head Cleaning the Path the Product If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the only You clean them them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related topics Cartridges and You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the sheets of the From the and the OK
You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Press the OK The printed.
the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. Select and the OK If there or the and the OK to Follow the instructions the to the head.
Checking the If cleaning the head to the off and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and You the head using or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select
You this: Click
the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the the head. topic: Head
Head Cleaning Cleaning the Head the Product Related Head Cleaning Related topics Cartridges and If and the the head. You the head expended, and to when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head Related and Cartridges You the head using the of the From the and the OK You this
Cleaning the Head Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to Head Cleaning and the OK You this Press the OK to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the LCD Select and the OK Press the OK to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the the Product and Cartridges You the head using or of the
of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning You this: Click to the cleaning off the or the cover cleaning or to the cleaning finished, to the clean; and
the to there the head clean head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If of the or and to replaced.
Head the Head the Product topic: Head Cleaning Related Checking the Removing and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head the sheets of the From the and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK
Press the arrow to Head and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to or and the OK Press the OK to while head the and the the each the LCD
the Head Press the OK when finished. topic: Head You the head or sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select and Select Head then the type of to necessary. Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each
Cleaning the Path the Product choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head You the the of the From the and the OK
You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow to Cleaning and the OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the path. as necessary the clean. topic: Quality
Transporting and Cleaning Product Carrying and Product Follow the instructions these sections to or necessary. Carrying and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Follow these with Charge the the USB charging the road. and the following when carrying or the recommends the as carry-on. the to that the the which the the and otherwise, the head or the sunlight, heat or or other locations. The or Turn off the and the light and the LCD off. Disconnect the AC and USB the cover.
Cleaning Product If to the its or with cushioning around the or the as shown If when clean and the head. topic: Transporting and Cleaning Product Related Battery Charging Purchase Cartridges and Head Cleaning Head To its should whenever necessary. the when the to from or thinner to clean the or top of the or the cover as writing or permanently scratched. or other the or Turn off the the connected the Clean the and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Transporting and Cleaning Product
Checking Software these sections to Checking Software Product Product and Battery Network from and Quality to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software topic:
Product If the LCD, the to troubleshoot LCD E-01 occurred. Turn the off and then back If the If there E-11 The the of its service life. Turn off the and E-12 The Turn off the and the E-13 The or correctly. Turn off the and the E-14 The Turn off the and the If the the E-21 occurred, and the turned off automatically. E-22 The too cold, and the turned off automatically. the within of to F to C). E-23 The too and the turned off automatically. the within of to F to C). E-24 The too and the turned off automatically. Charge the or the AC W-01 the feed. the then the OK W-02 the the then the OK button. W-11 nearing the of its service life. (To the OK W-12 incorrectly. Press each of the to they correctly. W-13 indicated the LCD the
LCD I-22 To establish wireless the the or the the wireless I-23 the PIN displayed the LCD the or within If than time-out the and I-31 To wireless from CD and follow the on-screen instructions. I-41 The turned to AirPrint. I-81 The switching to the AC disconnected. when the battery. Recovery occurred firmware USB and the firmware If this The the and the that the of it reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related Battery Charging Related Where to Related Selecting the Source Related topics Network Cartridges and
Product operating properly. interface connected to the From the and the OK You this Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this
Press the OK The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the clean or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them From the and the OK You this
and Battery Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select of these options and the OK Network Network You Select and the OK to the selected (Select and the OK to the operation.) topic: these sections or Product Not Turn Product Turn Product Automatically Battery Not Charge From topic:
Product Not Turn Product Not Turn Product Automatically If try these the seconds. the securely the battery topic: and Battery Related Battery Charging If off, this the AC and the USB the and the the than seconds, then release both buttons. To the head from the back then turn off pressing the topic: and Battery If off automatically, try these The LCD off when the Press to the The off when it Press the to back If the the battery, to the AC to charge the battery. Press the to the back topic: and Battery Related Battery Charging Related topics The and
Battery Not Charge From If to charge connecting to these the the the USB On the Battery Battery USB PC On Turn the off and the USB the off or the and or hibernate the directly to the and to USB topic: and Battery Related Battery Charging these sections while Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the If the head or and the charging finished approximately off Turn back and to charging If topic: Related Where to
Software Network If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: Related to Uninstall Product Software Related OS these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Wireless Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Not Appear OS Network topic: Related Product
Product to Wireless Router or Access If or connecting to wireless router or these If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or microwave or such as that router or operating correctly to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC network Then follow the instructions router or to the to the If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. connected to and If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless of the and to necessary. If using Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network
Network Software Product Network Related Direct Related Selecting Network from the Network Related topics If try these turned and connected to (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the Download software from the the instructions the If router, software to to the router. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics
Product Not Appear OS Network If appear the OS try these Turn off, seconds, then back If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related Uninstalling Product Software OS If these that software as and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If using TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP DHCP, the IP manually. and both the wireless If sheet and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function.
If the wirelessly and the or appear the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network Related topics these sections with the Rear the Product topic: If feeding these the If the the AC If feed Then the the right and beneath the the the of the If feed once, the the to the sheets, and If when both of the the the and type the correct. follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the rear
the Follow instructions that with the topic: Related the Rear the Product Specifications Related topics Loading If the feed, as shown topic: Related the Product
the Product If the follow the the cover. the the white or the the cover.
from Nothing Prints topic: Related the Rear these sections while from AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these turned interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the to If the to software correctly. On the Battery Battery USB PC If the enough memory. the or the the and the following: there or or as necessary. the and the offline. the and the as the necessary.
Product Not Appear Cartridge OS X, Preferences from the Apple or Scan or then to or as necessary. topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Click and Devices and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary. Click the Click the Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the
If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related and Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and If using OS X, and the turned off. Clear or to existing using when If connected to USB directly to instead. the AC instead of the battery. If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select On the to Click the and the following RAW Datatype
and as topic: from Related OS or Related Turning On Selecting Selecting Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS these sections with the or of AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic:
Inverted Too If inverted unexpectedly, try these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options turned when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and Selecting OS that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software, head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and Related Head Head Cleaning
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Related Selecting Selecting Selecting Preferences OS Selecting OS If incorrect these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the the the right of the feed the the right, then You the option software to topic: and Related Loading and Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software.
Incorrect Characters the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and Related Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and from the Click the the then If connected to USB directly to instead.
Incorrect or Printout If the printed, the characters. topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the the the right of the feed the the right, then You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting Loading and If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head
Quality White or Printout Related Selecting Selecting OS these sections with AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic: If white or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head
Blurry or Smeared Printout Related references or Related Selecting Additional and Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Loading and Related topics Cartridges and If or smeared, these curled, or incorrectly with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly each from the as printed. right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the
Printout or Printout topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting Cleaning the Path the Product Loading and If or these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. the type matches the type of loaded. curled, or incorrectly On the and the On the and the the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head
Printout Related or Related Cleaning the Path the Product Loading and Related topics Cartridges and If these the of the correctly Select higher and turn off high software. to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software If the image-editing to increase the to high Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Loading and
Incorrect Colors Selecting Selecting and Selecting OS Selecting Preferences OS Selecting If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or Grayscale selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. The or and to them. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and On the and the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting OS OS Selecting Related topics Cartridges and
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Software If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the interface of the following: to the Apps and and Select the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or the necessary, and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. (other Click or and or Select then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the necessary, and OK Then follow on-screen instructions. then software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software
Uninstalling Product Software OS Where to to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the instructions to the software. To software, the instructions. If the and the Scan or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information Product Product (located the
of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Specifications Specifications Specifications Cartridge Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 2012R2* 2008R2*
OS Specifications Specifications 2003R2* only the included software supported. (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications Rear feed, top Rear feed capacity Approximately sheets to topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity: to RH
Printable Specifications Since the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or Single-sheets A4 inches and distributed to to topic: Technical Specifications the shown to the inches A6 inches inches inches inches
sheets Margin: inch and right inch and Quality inches Quality inches sheets Quality inches
Cartridge Specifications Quality inches Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Quality inch Quality inches topic: Technical Specifications This Epson-brand Other of and and, as function properly. The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Black
Specifications Specifications months Cartridge to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Cartridge and Height inches inches inches (without topic: Technical Specifications AC A461H AC Unopened the the month F C) F C) and hours F C) inches inches inches
AC100240V, 1A, DC24V, 1A the AC Rated DC input DC24V Not charging battery: 0.6A Rated DC input Not charging (USB Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) Battery Rated supply 3.6V Capacity of of Color: Approximately Charging battery: 0.7A Ready Approximately off Approximately Charging Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) Ready Approximately off Approximately (A4 ISO/IEC24712, F C])
Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications AC hours Charging topic: Technical Specifications Recommended operating: to F to C) to RH (non-condensing) to RH topic: Technical Specifications One USB topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Security WEP USB (5V/0.5A): hours USB (5V/1.5A): hours off F C]) the AC to F to C) battery: to F to C) to F to C) F C) WPA-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2
and Specifications Coordination Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS IPPS topic: Technical Specifications Product United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from non-recommended of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. IEEE Direct IEEE AP with EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
AC United States Safety: UL60950-1 Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 topic: Specifications EMC: FCC EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the the cord, AC and USB that with the of other or fires or shock. the cord, AC or with other the type of indicated the AC the near outlet where the easily the outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or frayed. If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the the that its It properly or enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or the or heating or sunlight.
enough around the or cover the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. the white the the head hand; this the the or AC and the or AC with the the products that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the the or If there the them with of the and the the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the The includes built-in battery. of the to follow regulations. Warning: The included with this chemicals, including lead, to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Battery Instructions Cartridge Instructions LCD Screen Instructions Instructions topic: Notices
Battery Instructions Cartridge Instructions If the within the the become or catch fire. the microwave or high-pressure the become or catch fire. If or immediately the affected thoroughly with and treatment. If from the (or the the from from the catch fire or or or throw the or to strong shocks. the or the protection the the or the vehicle. the overheat. topic: Instructions of the reach of children and the when there remaining around the supply If off with and If them immediately with hand the or touch immediately Leaving the head and the from the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the using the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the its This the head. cool,
LCD Instructions Wireless Instructions FCC from allow to least three hours with their facing topic: Instructions cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Instructions waves from this the operation of or such as or fire using this such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
Software Notice the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices This includes software to the of each software the of of such software years the of of this If to the please the of You with the of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the The terms of each software the topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of America, Inc. TM and Remote TM of Corporation.
Copyright Notice iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. and the of Apple Inc. and Chrome, Print, and of Inc. Direct of Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-41557 topic: Copyright Notice