FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS This tested and found to comply with the to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and the outlet from that to which the connected the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or America, Inc., the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of America, Inc. with to the of information While the of this Inc. responsibility or Neither from the of information contained America, Inc. from the of options other than those as Products Corporation. and ESC/P of Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective Copyright Inc. California FOR CANADIAN USERS WARNING
IMPORTANT SAFETY INSTRUCTIONS of these instructions and them reference. Follow and instructions the this from the outlet cleaning. cleaners or cleaners. cloth cleaning. this this or The causing serious to the and the and the back or to of the and to from overheating, these or covered. The should the or other This should near or or heat This should built-in provided. This should operated from the type of indicated the If of the type of or This with grounding-type third This grounding-type This If to the the to the of the grounding-type this where the
If with this that the of the the products the the Also, that the of products the of this through as they or that of fire or shock. of the as specifically explained the to service this yourself. or those covers that Not to or other servicing those to service this from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or frayed. B. If the C. If the to or D. If the normally when the operating instructions followed. only those that covered the operating instructions, of other and often to the to operation. E. If the or the F. If the performance, indicating service.
Introduction and high performance with of features. to the high-quality and ease of operation to from offers the following: featuring of to characters built-in Quality high-quality that allows selection of (rear and using of with the ESC/P commands other LQ You choose cut-sheet or to of information these Chapter Cut-Sheet The cut-sheet and of single-sheet It to sheets of the Introduction
Introduction Ribbon Cartridge optional with higher than the ribbon. Around This illustrated, instructions and operating Chapter information testing, and the to this chapter first. and include information and of Chapter troubleshooting information. If the properly or the what Chapter of and Other information specifications, and commands. There of terms and and Notes Notes information and the of Introduction WARNINGS to injury. CAUTIONS to to
of the release cover cover interface locations, the attached to the switch AC Introduction cover head Introduction
Introduction Where to of authorized Customer throughout the United States offers and service America information and to its and Customer the Consumer Information the following The Customer and service Technical Introduction
Chapter the Unpacking the Choosing the Assembling the the the Testing the the Loading the Connecting the to The interface Application Software Choosing from the
Unpacking the the that the shown below and that tractor the cover
the of the the SelecType the This reference selecting with the You this the or the front cover with the optional cut-sheet locations, the attached to the the the to CAUTION: There of the It to the another The type shown the the back of the If the country, the Unpacking the
Choosing the selecting to to the following the the enough to the the to reach. around the to allow easy and grounded outlets switches or timers. of information the memory of or outlets the with or other that might the from of interference such as or the of telephones. the CAUTION: locations that to sunlight, heat, or
If to follow these that least which the weight of the that the of than from If cut-sheet If the below the that allow enough clearance inch or to the from catching the of the that the the least inches to and interface that they with feeding. If the to the the with the pull-tractor that the straight the the the
Assembling the choosing the the You the to manually the when the turned off. You the the white the the the and it the the fits the the the that the the
the tractor cover to the upright Then the cover and off. the both of the tractor and the tractor cover. to this with the other CAUTION: the head while the turned this the Also, the the head cool touching the head to the of the the Assembling the
Assembling the Turn the ribbon-tightening the of the arrow. This the to it to the its and the the Press lightly both of the to the properly seated. the
pointed such as to the the head and while the ribbon-tightening to feed the the head from to to smoothly. that the twisted or creased. the Assembling the
Testing the connecting to the built-in function to that the properly. the to to outlet and the the turned off. the the back of the to the rating the matches that of If the attached to the to the AC the the properly grounded the CAUTION: If the rated and match, the cord.
Loading Next, to This section If to the section Chapter the off and that the release the the the head to the of the Release the the the Testing the
Testing the the to inches from the and the back to the right to match the of the CAUTION: than inches the otherwise, the head directly the possibly
the the both covers. the Testing the
Testing the clean, straight and then the the the and the to the the of the the tractor of the and then the covers. the
the right to where the straight and then If there the the head and the tractor the to the To the from the outgoing the its the and incoming the Testing the
Testing the the to the of the the to feed the its perforation about with the top of the ribbon. and the cover. the
the The or Quality (LQ) which as the the turned off and loaded. While holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED (LQ the release the CAUTION: turning the off, least seconds turning back Turning the and off the The the or the ON LINE to. the the ON LINE To the the ON LINE the Testing the
Testing the To the the Press the FORM FEED to feed the and tear off the perforation. Then off the of typical Quality If the satisfactorily, Chapter the
Connecting the to If the correctly, ready to to the interface. operating about interface. If shielded to to built-in interface, as the section. The interface the interface as below: both the and turned off; then the securely the the together they of the the
Connecting the to If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground the back of the the
Application Software the type of that the of the features. of these or section that of printers. Choosing from the family of commands, its selection Choose from the following (the the of preference): LQ-200 LQ-500 LQ-510 LQ-860(LQ-1060) LQ-850(LQ-1050) LQ-2550 LQ-2500 LQ-800(LQ-1000) LQ-1500 If of these listed, the first from the following LQ, EX, FX, LX, RX, MX, To the features of however, to choose with of the LQ its If of these the to the
Chapter Attaching the Loading the the tractor Positioning supply., Loading Removing the tractor......................................... The paper-thickness
sheets with from inches to inches If the to sheets. the tractor this chapter. Attaching the Follow these to the the cover.
the the Then Loading the the turned off and then the release back to the sheet Turn the The POWER and PAPER OUT lights
the the Next, the right to match the the Then once to the the the AUTO LOAD (LINE FEED) of
If the without the completely the and firmly. Then the AUTO LOAD CAUTION: the the while the turned Press the ON LINE to the To the the off the ON LINE and then the FORM FEED of than there software the of If software characters the when reaches the of the this the and the ON LINE light off automatically. If software characters the of and to this the ON LINE light If the ON LINE once to the off once the ON LINE light off, the that and as Press the ON LINE to the
This allows to through the or supply location. To to the If the tractor already to Positioning supply this section. the tractor Turn off the and the cover and the to the of the the paper-release to the the cover the tractor
the notches of the tractor the rear mounting of the Press the tractor its front notches the front mounting of the
Positioning supply If to through the of the that to through from the supply to the to and supply of supply with the the tractor that the smoothly the Loading the turned off. the head to the of the WARNING: If the recently, the head to Release the the
the to approximately inches from the and the back to Then the right to match the of the the both covers. clean, straight Then the the or the and the the to the the of the the of the and then the covers.
Continuous the right to where the straight and then If there the the head and the the to the To the incoming from the outgoing the its the and incoming Then the to the of the the to the its perforation about with the top of the ribbon. and the cover. Turn the CAUTION: If the to the
the top of You to the top of the to To the top-of-form the third of the the inches the perforation. Then the and this with the the tractor as shown below. The third inches or below the perforation becomes the top-of-form You to with the top of to this right. Continuous
the If the the off and the FORM FEED to feed the Then tear off the the perforation. the perforation the Tear off the fresh supply the or below the Press the FORM FEED to feed the the If the tractor the FORM FEED the tractor cover.
both of the tractor and the back the front notches of the free. the tractor and off. the cover. the and cover. the release to the
to sheets and of types, such as and of to the paper-thickness CAUTION: or that the within the the to when back to ordinary The paper-thickness the of the paper-thickness as follows: Turn off the the cover or the cover. WARNING: If the recently, the head cool to the head to the of the
the paper-thickness to match the thickness of to the below. or Thin sheets sheets If the to the reduced. the tractor or cover. With the You of to three (including the the thickness to the the Position or
the paper-thickness the as the section this chapter. to the top-of-form CAUTION: with the single-sheet feeding the within the of the choose the type mounted with with tractor. to as single-sheets from the only. You the that that the thickness the section this chapter the paper-thickness the CAUTION: feed through the easily off the and the Since to and humidity, them operating the they around the and when
Chapter the the Lights SelecType Other features...................................... the DIP switches.............................................. DIP-switch DIP-switch DIP-switch functions Selecting Character Character Selecting International Character Choosing Character Table the
the The lights the of the The of the Lights POWER READY PAPER OUT ON LINE the POWER On when the switch and supplied. READY On when the ready to This light PAPER OUT (red) On when the of ON LINE On when the and from the If this light the head overheated. this the the head cools and then
POWER READY PAPER OUT the ON LINE This the line/off the the ON LINE light and the and from the FORM FEED the off this to of or to the top of the the this to the character the section this chapter selecting with SelecType. LINE FEED/AUTO LOAD the off and loaded, this to feed the or to continuously. To single-sheet the off and the PAPER OUT light Then of and the AUTO LOAD the
the SelecType the the FORM FEED to the character The lights which currently selected. the the tractor cover or the SelecType You the SelecType the cover or the front cover with the optional cut-sheet the the Other The to The that operating properly and of the DIP-switch the section testing the information. The allows users to the of the and The the of this chapter. the SelecType PRESTIGE DRAFT SCRIPT ROMAN OCR-B SANS SERIF ORATOR COURIER
the DIP Switches the of the of DIP switches the the right top and of the features, such as the character and length. These become effective whenever the or initialized. DIP-switch the turned off. the cover. the
the DIP Switches pointed such as the of to switch or off. The the following the DIP-switch functions each the cover. The DIP-switch when the the
DIP-switch The below the each DIP switch function. The appear DIP Switch International character SeeTable1,2 Graphics character DIP Switch the DIP Switches the
the DIP Switches Table international character (DIP switch OFF) DIP switch off, PC (United States) the graphics character Graphics character (DIP switch ON) shown PC (United States). DIP switch USA the international character Font selection Font SW1-4 SW1-5 SW1-6 OFF OFF OFF ON OFF OFF OFF ON OFF ON ON OFF OCR-B the OFF OFF ON ON OFF ON ON OFF ON ON ON ON
Table SW2-2 SW1-8 SW2-1 inches OFF OFF OFF inches OFF OFF ON inches ON OFF OFF inches ON OFF ON DIP switch off, A4 the CSF length. Table CSF CSF SW2-1 SW2-2 A4 OFF OFF ON OFF DIP switch inches the length. Character Character OFF ON ON ON SW2-7 SW2-8 OFF OFF ON OFF OFF ON ON ON the DIP Switches SW1-8 ON ON ON ON the
the DIP Switches DIP switch functions This section the with the DIP switches. and CSF DIP switch off (cut-sheet off), DIP switches and of inches inches inches or inches DIP switch (cut-sheet the CSF (Cut-Sheet of A4- or DIP switches and feed (DIP switch each (CR) (LF). If the DIP switch off. If each the the DIP switch The input from If to other while the the to (DIP switch characters, however, to the to (DIP switch off). the
graphics The ordinarily text bidirectionally and graphics characters unidirectionally You however, text to with the software ESC If to increase graphics character to bidirectional turning DIP switch and the ESC U0 command. If DIP switch off, graphics character whether or ESC U0 used. DIP switch the function. If this switch when using the one-inch the and the first the that the the perforation. of the top and these If top-of-form to the of the the of and the top of the as shown below. the DIP Switches the
Selecting You of combining character and other You using the SelecType the DIP switches, or software commands. Character built-in character To SelecType, follow these the turned and the ON LINE light to that the (the READY light should Press the FORM FEED the SelecType lights match the as shown below. The cover and the SelecType the of the lights each You the SelecType the cover or the front cover with the optional cut-sheet The selected SelecType effective another selected software or the turned off, or initialized. the the COURIER selected PRESTIGE selected SCRIPT selected OCR-B selected ORATOR selected off o DRAFT selected ROMAN selected SANS SERIF selected
character high-speed which rough and Other SelecType Quality (LQ) Quality to fully-formed characters The following the characters each !#$%&()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK LMNOPQRSTUVWXZ[\]^_ Selecting the
Selecting OCR-B The OCR-B character known as or input another such as and character the
Character of the built-in choose character of or (characters inch), or the DIP switches or software commands. the and each character amount of the from character to character. the lowercase than the W. The below the of This ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ This ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOFQRSTUVWXYZ This Thie ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ This ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ This ARCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTIJVWXYZ If choose OCR-B or printed. Selecting the
Selecting International Character International character with characters and other The below shows the international character with DIP switches and when DIP switch off. The shows the characters that each Country U.S.A. U.K. Spain If to international character when DIP switch turned the ESC command. the the international character and the shown below through the ESC command. ASCII Country Norway II II America the ASCII 5B 5C 5D 5E 7C 7D 7E 5C 5E 7C 7E DIP SW ON ON ON ON OFF OFF OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF
Choosing Character Table DIP switch the graphics character selected; when off, the character selected. The graphics character selected the of DIP switches and If IBM@ or IBM-compatible graphics character when to character graphics as they displayed the graphics character ordinary text and software or the of the ESC command the Command Summary, Chapter You the character or graphics character using the ESC command. the Command Summary Chapter DIP switch the graphics character the DIP switch and Graphics character shown PC (United States) the
Choosing Character Table The characters each character shown the To the of DIP switch, first off the Then the DIP switch and the back of the ESC or ESC commands whether to to 9E and FF as characters (ESC or (ESC the
that allows users to the of the and the of the To follow these that and the off. the FORM FEED and LINE FEED and the Next, or written the as shown below. 1B This of 6D 6C 6F easy To off the ON LINE to the off and then turn off the reading the characters the text field the right of the or the of which to the the
Chapter the Cut-Sheet the cut-sheet Removing the cut-sheet Ribbon the
Cut-Sheet The optional cut-sheet to of easily and efficiently. It to sheets of the the cut-sheet the turned off. the and cover. If the Turn the cut-sheet DIP switch the paper-release back to the and the cover. the
the assembled cut-sheet both and its notches the of the front covers with the cut-sheet Attach the the LQ-500. The cut-sheet which this Turn the the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet the and right the the and to allow the the to the Next, the right to roughly match the of the
the front to the of of and Next, the and of the to the CAUTION: or the cut-sheet the the Then, the of the right that closely matches that the of the allows the to freely and the Cut-Sheet
Cut-Sheet the both to the the of whenever character or line-feed to the while the ON LINE light the cut-sheet The counts the of the and this the of the first This information useful when software to length. the
the cut-sheet that the turned off. If the the front cover. the back section of the cut-sheet to release its notches from the and the cut-sheet Turn off cut-sheet DIP switch to off. the Cut-Sheet
Ribbon The optional with higher than the ribbon. the optional when high operation, the the the the ribbon. the
Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the the Ribbon Transporting the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should thoroughly the turned off. Then the and options. to clear and If the outer or or clean with cloth with the to from the CAUTION: or thinners to the these chemicals the as as the to the or or the of the with the or service and Transportation
the Ribbon becomes too to the ribbon. The or recommended. the Chapter the optional when high operations, the ribbon. ribbons and Transportation
the If to the the and as below. Turn off the the and the from the then the interface from the the and If the tractor and the cover, them to the instructions Chapter CAUTION: the the cover carrying the This cover off and to the and Transportation
Chapter Troubleshooting and Troubleshooting
and This chapter to If the first the the below and then the the If these Where to the introduction. supply supplied. The The or the characters or graphics. Printed characters what The what expected. sheets feed properly. Continuous properly. the cut-sheet the feed properly. Troubleshooting
supplied. The POWER light that the the outlet properly. If the switch or another the to whether the operating properly. The POWER light and then off. The light off when the turned that the rating matches the of If the match, the and immediately. the to Troubleshooting
The The ON LINE light off. Press the ON LINE to the The ON LINE light nothing printed. that the software properly the softwares both of the interface the and the interface both the and specifications. The PAPER OUT light the The sounds nothing printed. The properly. the section Chapter The the The the sounds and the abruptly. Turn off the and or other If the correctly, or service The ON LINE light the or abruptly. The head overheated. the when the head Troubleshooting
The or Printed characters the The properly. the section The The the that the paper-thickness correctly the the characters or graphics. of the The head Stop and or service to the serviced. There the or the the Printed characters what The or characters that software printed. that the software correctly The selected software, the characters that the selected SelecType. Troubleshooting
The selected SelecType software SelecType the software. The characters printed. The character or the international character selected. the DIP-switch The what expected. too high or too the the top software. the text the DIP switch that the line-feed to each The text with DIP switch off. match the of the the with DIP switches and the software and necessary. the One-inch DIP switch off. Troubleshooting
the perforation the of the the top of as Chapter the DIP-switch match length. If the top and DIP switch off. If the correctly, try the If the properly, the right, and the the the software, or the If the or service Troubleshooting
The following section through sheets and If using the optional cut-sheet the section options properly. too the or the of the top of the to choose the when choose from Chapter If sheet with software. software to reduce or the top and to reduce the length. the AUTO LOAD the and feed. If the ON LINE light the ON LINE once to the off the AUTO LOAD the rotates feed. that the paper-release back to the single-sheet Troubleshooting
The crooked or the The cut-sheet turned DIP switch off. the within the specified The that the correct. Continuous properly. The feed crooked or the that the paper-release pulled to the the supply or other that supply within feet of the The of supply from feeding straight. that the the of the with each other. Also, the and their covers closed. that the paper-thickness correctly the that the within the specified Troubleshooting
the cut-sheet the properly. from the the rotates feed. DIP switch The cut-sheet incorrectly the that the paper-release back to the single-sheet near the head. You too the cut-sheet There sheet the or sheets the You too sheets the cut-sheet You to the of the the and The feed crooked. The or creased. sheets of There too the that the and One of to that the correct. Troubleshooting
Chapter Technical Specifications Specifications Mechanical Interface Specifications Specifications and assignments Interface and Technical Specifications
Specifications Quality Characters/second/line Character inch Quality Bidirectional logic-seeking Unidirectional graphics. (Bidirectional graphics selected with DIP switch and the software command.) inch, or of inch with feeding; inches/second with feeding. characters Character character) character) Technical Specifications
Character Font (characters inch) OCR-B ASCII characters, Character international character and and graphics character length: inches or (DIP-switch to inches to Continuous (including to inches to only) to inches to inches Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications or that or The right and when that Continuous or or the or and the right or Technical Specifications or or that or
sheets thickness: weight With only: of to thickness: high and than inches the or to inches to Continuous (including to inches to to inches to including to to Continuous to to to to N) sheets (N) Technical Specifications Specifications
Specifications Mechanical Friction Paper-feed cut-sheet (optional) Black Ribbon: LQ, dots/character): characters (optional): LQ): characters head): MCBF: MTBF: head life: and and AC Rated AC AC Technical Specifications hours duty) (with ribbon) inches Width: inches Depth: inches without inches with without Approx. with
Rated Rated Insulation AC and chassis): Humidity: AC to AC to AC to to to DC AC and chassis) AC AC AC AC Operation: to 95F to 35C) to 140F to 60C) Operation: to RH without to RH without Technical Specifications Specifications
Interface Specifications with interface. Specifications and assignments The built-in interface the following characteristics: STROBE Synchronization: BUSY and ACKNLG TTL (Amphenol) or Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following Direction STROBE IN DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA OUT ACKNLG Technical Specifications IN IN IN IN IN IN IN IN STROBE to These information of the to of respectively. HIGH when and LOW when About LOW that and that the ready to
PE OUT OUT SLCT GND CHASSIS Direction BUSY OUT IN AUTO FEED XT NC GND NC GND INIT IN ERROR OUT GND NC HIGH that the The HIGH the following off HIGH that the of to through this LOW, the (The to this DIP switch to ON.) Unused. ground chassis ground, which isolated from the ground. Unused. Twisted-pair ground this becomes LOW, the to its and the cleared. This usually HIGH; its than the This becomes LOW when the off as Unused. Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
Interface Specifications Direction OUT to through SLCT IN IN fixing with J6. The of this factory-set to LOW. The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the interface based TTL Both the and of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this only of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW.) Technical Specifications
Interface The below shows the the interface. and The below shows the relationship or and the on-line/off-line ON LINE High High/Low cond.) Not High off BUSY ACKNLG ERROR (Disabled/ Technical Specifications Interface Specifications
There three that the to of The turned The INIT from the interface LOW). Software Software the ESC the The below shows the that become effective when the initialized. Item Top of and right Font selection character clears the of Technical Specifications command. The DIP-switch inch Cleared Every characters Hardware: to DIP switch Software: to the SelecType Hardware: cleared Software:
Command Summary the Command Summary........................................ Commands Topic operation motion motion and character Word Character characters Graphics Command Summary
the Command Summary The following section and the commands topic. If listed. If they explained. The indicated lowercase The below the indicated. ESC with ESC command that to the and to off. ESC with ESC with of Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII Hex. ESC ESC Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC EM Cut-Sheet Turns R: Ejects Turns off the ESC EM the the characters or and or or ASCII Hex. CR 0D motion ASCII FF ESC C ESC C ESC ESC LF 0C of of inches 4E of 4F Skip-Over-Perforation 0A Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC VT ESC motion ASCII Hex. ESC 6C Margin ESC ESC ESC C HT ESC Command Summary Hex. Select Spacing Select Spacing n/180-inch Spacing 4A 0B Vertically to should Right Margin right from Relative of inch and LQ to Terminated
Hex. ASCII Select Quality or ESC Quality 6B Select Family ESC ESC To the of together the of the to from the below: condensed: emphasized: double-width: and character ASCII Hex. ESC Select ESC 4D Select ESC Select ESC Turn On/Off SI 0F DC2 o 0E Select Double-Width OCR-B Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic ASCII ESC Turn Double-Width On/Off DC4 Double-Width ESC Turn Double-Height On/Off ASCII Hex. ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 2D ESC ESC Command Summary Select Emphasized Emphasized Select Select Select Select ESC Strikethrough selected Turn On/Off Select
ASCII ESC Word ASCII Hex. ESC SP Intercharacter Character ASCII Hex. ESC Select Character Selects character Graphics ESC Hex. Select Character Normal with of of to the characters Units inch and inch (LQ and characters from O-127 to Select International Character USA UK Norway II II America Commands Topic Command Summary
Commands Topic characters ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC Command Summary Characters ESC first character character of character of character right of character each only 3A Copy ROM to RAM family Select Normal Printable Characters With graphics character this the of ESC
Graphics Hex. ASCII ESC 2A Select Graphics High-speed CRT CRT II CRT this Option Commands Topic Command Summary
Character A-2 character A-2 Graphics character A-3 A-1
Character These character selected DIP switches and or the ESC software command. the graphics character the ESC and ESC software commands whether to 9F characters (ESC or (ESC character A-2
Graphics character PC (United States) PC Character A-3
Character PC PC (Canada-French) A-4
PC Character A-5
The following apply specifically to software that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and this selected DIP switch, each (CR) (LF) bidirectional which the head from to right every other On the other from right to This increases the of the head both or which the of information or of information consisting of character of and GL-1
character of the ASCII character that graphic or characters. characters inch of the of text characters. the that each perforated and to such as or feed. characters inch. cut-sheet (CSF) optional, that sheets of the troubleshooting that advanced users the of the and the the each and ASCII or that when the turned or initialized. GL-2
DIP switches switches that and the of the when turned or initialized. DIP of which each or of double-height which each character as as of characters. Each character double-width which each character as as One of of character high-speed Quality. of characters. character with the slightly to the right of the first. ESC/P This of commands software of from It and software computers. of type family GL-3
feed and that the to the top of To establish the of the turning the or INIT interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This Also, character that characters and Quality (LQ) One of Quality and appearance reduced and that the the with the to The ON LINE the line/off interface interface. GL-4
The that the which the width of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten RAM Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its or INIT or turning the off and then back the operation of the the the its DIP switch and the characters that its ROM. which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character which each character about two-thirds the height the of the character top of The the that the as the first The the to this when the GL-5
only. Unidirectional graphics allows than bidirectional characters Characters that and the the known as characters. GL-6