XP-400 XP-400 the to this and instructions Where to information from with www.epson.com/connect. EPSON without instructions. Crop and directly the instructions. from memory high-quality with instructions. as the instructions. the wireless the sheet and the instructions. and the The the release to or as shown. The to the with the of and such as or To off the heard when Sound XP-400
The easy to the features of To the of inactivity. Press to light the buttons and light Turn the or off light that the connected to wireless to the Select photo to or increase the of Decrease the of Stop the or Access options or OK Confirm selection the and to the previous copying, or LCD Arrow buttons and OK Stop the
offers of high easy to the of and creative You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON type EPSON inches S042181 S042174 EPSON inches S041808 S041727 EPSON S041982 EPSON inches S041809 S042038 EPSON Bright White inches S041586 EPSON Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided EPSON inches S041341 EPSON inches S041467 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041331 inches S041141 S041649 S041271 inches S041257 S042180 count
type EPSON inches S041568 Double-sided EPSON inches S041062 EPSON Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 EPSON Iron-on Cool inches S041153 country. instructions, the or and the of the with the right and the with the or or top first.) first and the the as shown. information. inches S041067 count
Copying or Follow the instructions this section to originals correctly the and or black-and-white You as them; the information. loaded. the and facedown the with the top facing the front right corner. the cover the Press necessary, then the to Copy and OK If to photo, More Functions and then Copy/Restore Then follow the instructions the LCD To than or to the to Press or to or B&W To other then OK to Press or to and or to Press to To copying, Copying or
From Memory Card directly from memory the memory and ready to You to include of or memory EPSON and the instructions and of memory cards. the Card turned as shown. force the the the The memory light flashes, then the LCD and them the Card follow these to the the memory light flashing. the or off while the memory light flashing; the If the connected to with USB of the following the memory or turning off the Right-click the of Computer, Computer, or and OS X: the from the then the the straight of its Memory light From Memory Card
From the LCD Screen You as them the LCD sheets of 6-inch EPSON Press necessary, then and OK (If to of necessary, More then Sheet Press or to through and that to Press or to the of of that and to To Select the to then OK and as necessary. You the following: Select to and to the LCD to type, or to and the information these features, ready to To From the LCD Screen
From This section the from or instructions the Select the You this EPSON selected, then the Preferences or (If or Then Preferences or the Select EPSON Click to software From
On the the basic choose the and the Select the type of (choose or Select Select to the the Shortcuts and of the You clicking the the Advanced If to reduce or or double-sided, the and as necessary. options, the Advanced information about or Click OK to Click OK or to appears and shows the of Select
With Follow the below to from OS to the and Select EPSON as the Click the arrow or to the necessary. Select and If photo, with option. You to Choose from the and the following Select EPSON Copy and Choose Select below) Select higher or With
choose other than or Envelope and If the isnt shown the the of this Choose other options from the the Click To the the Selecting the Correct Select the or OS X) software. This EPSON what of the accordingly. this Select this EPSON Bright White EPSON EPSON Quality EPSON Iron-on Cool EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Double-sided EPSON EPSON Brochure Envelope Selecting the Correct Paper/Bright White
Scanning or You to or and The Scan function preselected or the EPSON Scan software to advanced features. EPSON Scan to instructions, the Scanning From the the Scan function to photo or and You photo and included OS Scanning with OS the and facedown the the front right corner, as shown the cover the Press and Scan Press or to of the following Scan to Memory Card and the memory You the and other Scan to PC JPG and to Scan to PC (PDF) PDF and to Scan to PC photo, and attaches JPG to outgoing This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as To PC (WSD) wireless or (English only). Scanning or
of the following: If directly to with USB to USB If connected to wireless then Once scanned, its or OS or as the option selected. Scanning With EPSON Scan Software You and and them as using the EPSON Scan software. You EPSON Scan from TWAIN- OS Scanning with OS the cover and facedown the the front right corner, as shown the cover the of the following to EPSON Scan: Double-click the EPSON Scan OS Double-click EPSON Scan the Applications Software If from Then the choose or and EPSON You the EPSON Scan Select as the the right corner. (If Home, Office, or Professional EPSON Scan If to or other Then follow the instructions Click the Scan The and its or OS Scanning With EPSON Scan Software
Scanning with OS You and and them as such as EPSON necessary, then the Scan to If to such as Restoration and Click the Scan to scanning. to the selected the Scan To With OS or to with and EPSON Scan software. EPSON Scan and photo correction and interface OCR software, such as ABBYY To EPSON Scan, (U.S.) or Restoring and Correcting You or with true-to-life and sharpness as the Restoration and options EPSON Scans and Professional Correction to from with too background light. Click the and/or Restoration OK and Scan information, the You the EPSON Scan screen information about the Scanning with OS Automatically based and other features. If photo oriented correctly, off and
Follow the instructions this chapter and cleaning the head and To the head, necessary, To top of the cover or as writing If to clean the cover, only microfiber-type cloth. Checking the Head If or them, of the the head or or of the Follow the below to the head or the Press and the the arrow to and OK then and OK Press to the the that to there the If there and OK If there or the Head Cleaning and OK Then to the head cleaning
Cleaning the Head If and the the head. head cleaning necessary. You the head expended, and to when You the first or the Press and the arrow buttons to and OK then Head Cleaning and OK Press to cleaning. Cleaning finished, the LCD off the head cleaning or Select and OK then to that the head clean. If there or or the another cleaning and the If cleaning the head four turn off the and least hours to Then try cleaning the head If of the to replaced. If that as If EPSON to least once month to Checking If expended, LCD when expended. If expended, to temporarily with the information. If the expended, to You and selecting then OK The Cleaning the Head
appear when to when This optionally offers and other from To checking offers or from the instructions Purchasing EPSON Cartridges You purchase EPSON and from EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON the following when or purchase Standard-capacity High-capacity Black 200XL 200XL 200XL 200XL that EPSON and them. The of other products and based printed, type, of and amount of the the The included with the and the within months of the and the the cool, If to allow them to to least hours them. EPSON Cartridges
Cartridges You immediately the ones. to the Cartridges to reliability. the obtained or the the head Turn If expended, the LCD which to and OK If expended, to to If If the LCD and then Cartridge and OK the the the and of the or try to Warning: If it off with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right Cartridges
the four or Then the from the the or the the of the This the the yellow from the of the other or or the the and it clicks Cartridges
the Press OK to charging the This about the LCD charging finished. off the EPSON while charging or If the LCD OK and the securely. Then OK If while copying or photo, and correctly the Then If or and the Cartridges
If with the the to the You and below troubleshooting or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that own or and and the below using EPSON If the LCD to the from Network to the router or with or another to that correctly. the router off and then then to to Network that the and the strength. If it try the to router or to microwave or such as If wireless router its (SSID), instructions manually wireless If wireless router security the WEP or WPA correctly. TCP/IP, DHCP option router to with this and the CD to software. the firewall temporarily to that causing the firewall
the to EPSON Scan with OS or first from the information, If from the the software. EPSON firewall or security software. turning off the firewall. If high If the the If while EPSON Scan, EPSON Scan, and seconds. If EPSON Scan the off and back and then restarting EPSON Scan. the Timeout EPSON Scan the EPSON Scan EPSON to with Network Press and Select then Confirm Press then to and the front right of the If the cropped, from the slightly. first and the right with the its Dont the arrow the the the loaded. when expended. If expended, to temporarily with the information. If the expended, to If feed, it from the through the to the sheets Then the the right and the the too tightly). and
too once. information. If follow these Gently from the or If the the and torn then the Press to If the clear, the off and then back Quality If with the or these the the and EPSON or the (usually the whiter, or isnt or curled. with or sheets from the too the type of matches the and type the or software the and If light or or they too to the head This the they properly. as to the head cleaning. Clean the head as and
If to the head. instructions. The and If appears the the with lint-free cloth recommended and permanently scratch the or amount of cloth, necessary. directly the Where to (U.S.) or and to You and and troubleshooting or to Representative please the following information ready: Product (XP-400) Product (located the back of the and the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then (U.S.) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and Accessories You purchase EPSON and EPSON www.epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or www.epson.ca You purchase from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON Where to
Notices Instructions EPSON and follow these instructions: to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the outlet where the easily the the as or conditioning that switches and off, or switch or the become or frayed. to and top of and allow it to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cords Also, the rating of the outlet the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If the the from the the that its It properly or the back of the least inches from the Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or cover the or through the the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. Notices
connecting the to or other with the of the Each the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with products that or around the Doing fire. as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. If to the the or If there the them with of the and the Removing the head and the from the that the head the right) and the or the its or turn otherwise from the To affecting the of the following and causing the facility; within inches of near such as or fire too the when the section while the copying, or scanning. to when closing the cover. Touch Instructions cloth to the or cleansers. If the If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. The of the heavy the or cracks, and or to the Instructions
Cartridge Instructions of the reach of when there around the If off with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right their this the or immediately Leaving the head and the from the IC or the of the This operation. If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the the supply or surrounding the its This the head. cool, from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. FCC
the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: C462A Declaration of Conformity
Inc. Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the EPSON covered this warranty purchased and operated the United States, or from workmanship and of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should EPSON the warranty please the EPSON (U.S.) or warranty instructions and authorization. EPSON service telephone service to whether the service. If service its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight as the United States, or Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If authorizes instead of to to or its authorized service where the repaired and back to You the and to and from the EPSON authorized service warranty service the of the or the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and, option, another of and products and the warranty of covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States, or this or high or service from such covered this warranty. This warranty This warranty or fading of or of or services reprinting. This warranty cover to the EPSON caused or manufactured, distributed or This warranty cover ribbons, or third or peripheral to the EPSON its from or boards or warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. If or reproduced, the incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD America, Inc. Warranty
IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IN NO EVENT SHALL EPSON OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND IN EXCESS OF THE ORIGINAL RETAIL PURCHASE PRICE OF THE PRODUCT. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the EPSON Authorized www.epson.com. To the EPSON Customer www.epson.com/support. You write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. to software rights Corporation, this includes software. to Software CD-ROM of software and software to this Copyright Notice
of Copyrighted each user to and of the copyright when While countries copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. Small-in-One and EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36510R2 Printed XXXXXX