EPSON Y465ss127mo
EPSON
This and and and properly, that with the instructions, interference to and reception. It type tested and found to comply with the Class computing with the specifications of of FCC which to reasonable protection such interference installation. there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following the the with to the the outlet that the and branch If necessary, the user should the or The the following the helpful: Interference This from the U.S. Government Office, Washington, DC WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Corporation and its specifically and which from the or of with software, such as interface boards, or other items or otherwise to with further specifically and which from the unauthorized or of whether or such or accomplished software, or other rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted, or mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained While every the of this Corporation or Neither from the of the information America, Inc. or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Corporation. IBM of International Corporation Microsoft of Microsoft Corporation. Copyright Corporation FCC COMPLIANCE STATEMENT FOR AMERICAN USERS IMPORTANT NOTICE
Introduction The LQ-2550 the the of advanced combining high performance and with of features. to the high-quality and ease of to from the LQ-2550 offers the following: that allows selection of of the features, such as character and pitch as as or that allows to easily switch and the buttons. The LQ-2550 the thickness of the easily with of You without the or while the optional Sheet tear-off that tear off the the the back to the that of the that of to the printed. You and that allows to the or of inch to finely the top of and tear-off The following built-in Quality high-quality OCR-A, OCR-B Introduction
Quality with the optional ORATOR and ORATOR-S with of to characters (characters inch), and characters with (included). With graphics software, within or with the ESC/P commands the LQ-1500, LQ-800, LQ-1000, LQ-2500, LQ-850, LQ-1050 and LQ- of options with LQ-2550 information the and of these options, Chapter The sheet and of or to sheets of each of the the without reloading. Tractor Unit This option the performance of It with Ribbon Cartridges There of to the Included with the and the The with higher-quality This Quality ORATOR and ORATOR-S. Introduction
LQ Software (DCB-LQ2) This features and high-resolution with Microsoft@ and It LQ to created the Microsoft operating Optional Interface Boards of optional interface boards to the built-in and interfaces. choosing the right interface and instructions the boards Chapter About This This illustrated, instructions and operating the LQ-2550 Chapter information testing, and the to and follow the instructions this chapter first. and include information and operation. This information the of Chapter information to the from This section includes the of software, commands, graphics, and characters. Also, summary of commands. If the properly or the what Chapter of Other chapters and information of the and specifications. You of terms and At the back of this Reference with the information to Introduction
this to to and should to that operates correctly. Notes: information and the operation of Where to Customer and service of authorized and Customer throughout the United States. America information and to its and Customer Therefore, that the business where purchased to the people there the to they through that this with the the Consumer Information the following: The location of the The location of the Customer Information To or purchase or or Introduction
the Unpacking the the protective Choosing the Assembling the the the Attaching the Testing the Connecting to the Connecting the to The interface The interface Application Software from the
Unpacking the the that shown below and that cover Ribbon Cross-head screw Removing the protective The protected screws, head protector, and white These protective items the following the below. these items, them with the other to the Optional 5Y
the cover and to upright then it and off. the as shown the Then the cover slightly and the cover from the the
the head and white the head the to the the
the cross-head screwdriver, the screws as shown below. the of the cover with the the and the cover. Next, the cover. the
Choosing the There things to when selecting location The below shows location. to the following the the to the its to reach. around the to allow easy operation and the
grounded outlet that three to match the the Dont locations that to sunlight, heat, or that switches or timers. of information and memory. the with or other that might the supply. the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. Assembling the location to the the and the instructions these three below. the location the first to the You the the white the
the the the and the Press the fits the the to the of the with the and If to the of the it loaded, the the section the Chapter the
the easy and The and optional the (A and included with of these as follows: the cover and it to upright then it and off. the cover as shown the Then the rear of the cover slightly and the cover from the the
the head to the of the Turn the ribbon-tightening the the of the arrow. the
the while the together; then The the should the each of the Turn the to the freely. the
the head from to to that smoothly. to the head the Attaching the the to the smoothly and efficiently the the the following the
the the the back the
the of the with the the and the cover. the cover. the
the cover. Testing the At this the built-in function to that the correctly though connected to to this to that and to that the correctly the to to supply and of Connecting to supply that: The The The attached. The cover attached. The cover attached. The switch the of the turned off. the
To the to the AC the Then the properly grounded the The or Quality which as the With the the yellow, red, and the that: The connected to properly grounded The off. the that least as as inches). the
While holding the LINE FEED or the FORM FEED Quality turn the The three and the POWER and PAPER OUT lights Press the PAPER SELECT the FRICTION light the o PAPER OUT
the it the the right to match the of Next, the the using than A4 inches). the
Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the Press the ON LINE to the the
To clear it recommended that the off and the FORM FEED or LINE FEED If to the to clear the to the off first. of first, of characters. The the or the ON LINE If the satisfactory and to the the ON LINE If loaded, the LOAD/EJECT to Then off the WARNING: off the least seconds back switching the and off the the
of typical Quality with shown the following Quality FONT PITCH CONDENSED FORM LNG o 66LINE C ,CSF SKIP AUTO TEAR OFF LEFT MARGIN RIGHT MARGIN CC TABLE COUNTRY USA of the Also, when the optional the slightly the section the sheet the C <=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWX: :;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXY: 132LINE 132LINE
Connecting the to LQ-2550 interface interface and RS-232C interface. If which this information. If shielded should to to immediately. The the interface as below. the interface that: The turned off. The turned off. the of the securely the WARNING: than interface the This the the
the together they both of the (If these incorrect.) If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the
the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground of the the cover. The cover should attached when the The interface the interface as the following the interface that: The off. The turned off. the
the of the securely the WARNING: than interface the This the screwdriver, the the screw each of the If the screws that with the the the interface, to these with the optional with the the
If ground wire, to the ground beneath the interface the other of the the (If there ground the of the to the ground of the the
the cover. The should attached when the Application Software that and tested the LQ-2550, should that with the to specify the type of that the of the features. of these or section that of to choose from. the
Choosing from the family of commands, the LQ-2550 its selection If the LQ-2550 listed, the first the following LQ-2500 LQ-1050 (LQ-850) LQ-1000 (LQ-800) LQ-500 LQ-1500 If of these listed, the first the following LQ EX FX LX RX MX If recommended that choose LQ-2550 or LQ-2500. To the features of the LQ-2550, however, to with the LQ-2550 its If this the software to further information software, Chapter the
Loading Continuous Positioning supply Loading finished the to the Switching Continuous and Switching to sheets Switching back to
from to inches Loading sheet that: The attached. The attached, and the cover and closed. that the off If the ON LINE to the off Press the PAPER SELECT the FRICTION light POWER READY o PAPER OUT ON LINE ON LINE
the the Next, the right to match the of of the At this the PAPER OUT light off.
Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the If the without the completely the and firmly; then the LOAD/EJECT Press the ON LINE to the WARNING: the the the of or other the while the the and the To clear this the off, the the necessary), and turn the back Press LOAD/EJECT to the If to the of the loaded, the the section the Chapter
than using the when reaches the of the this the ON LINE light off or software. If the ON LINE light the first thing should the ON LINE to the off Once the ON LINE light off, the that necessary, the FORM FEED to the and Press the ON LINE to the and follow from software. Continuous The built the LQ-2550 easy to and Its low-profile and from to inches. Positioning supply smooth and feeding the of supply. Three to and shown below.
to supply with the the tractor that the smoothly the Loading that: The turned The cover attached. The The attached and from the rear, as shown the The cover attached.
that the off If the ON LINE to the off Then the PAPER SELECT the TRACTOR light Release the and the the to the and Next, the right to roughly match the of
the to the the covers.
the first four the the of the the covers.
the right to where the straight and and then the first of clean, straight that the smoothly the the Then the together that they about the of the
the the of the arrow the the The outgoing from pulled back the
the cover. Press the LOAD/EJECT to the to the If the LOAD/EJECT when already loaded, the to the
Press the ON LINE to the The this and each to the the using the If to the the the section the Chapter to the and perforation and the necessary. the sections and perforation Chapter Also, using or or or to the highest graphics, recommended that the optional tractor. the section Chapter finished ready to tear off the the tear-off function or the following information the tear-off function, Chapter completed, the off
Press the FORM FEED to the Then tear off the perforation. If the perforation of the the of the the first the FORM FEED the to the the to the off the of to the the to the follow the below. the the the top of the first the of the the this switch to the instructions this chapter), the or the
the that: The turned The TRACTOR light the to that the off If the ON LINE to the off Press the LOAD/EJECT once. This the to its If the reach this the displays Press the LOAD/EJECT as as to back the to its the to back the
Switching and with the easily switch to without the from the tractor. Switching to finished the to switch to with that: The off The cover as shown the You tear off sheets or sheets. the advanced its
Press the PAPER SELECT the FRICTION light The to the
the cover. the the Next, the right to match the of
of the Press the LOAD/EJECT once to the Press the ON LINE to the Switching back to It easy to switch back to with
switching back, that: The off The cover as shown the Press the PAPER SELECT the TRACTOR light If loaded, and the to the
the together that they about the of the the the back of the
the cover. Press the ON LINE to the to and of types, including and the thickness and automatically. You the thickness manually. If or or that the optional tractor to the tractor section Chapter Also, when or that the within the That should than one-half inch from of the and information the With the built-in You that to including the
the as the section this chapter. the the PAPER SELECT the TRACTOR light WARNING: or the FRICTION light or CSF light If to choose the type of that mounted with with the tractor. they friction You the that the section this chapter. WARNING: feed through the easily off the and the Also, the LOAD/EJECT to If become the authorized to and humidity, them operating
To the from the follow these the cover as shown the the
Tear off the of the perforation the tractor. Press the ON LINE to the off Then the FORM FEED to the to the LOAD/EJECT to
You of including or the this chapter. Chapter with the to slightly. Then the LOAD/EJECT to the If to the the ON LINE to the off Then the LOAD/EJECT
WARNING: that the within the shown below. or or If the the PLATEN GAP ADJUST to the the head and the or
Chapter the the The The lights.. The buttons Other SelecType SelecType Selecting LOAD MACRO CHANGE MACRO CHANGE DEFAULTS PRINT OUT SETTINGS CLEAR ALL MACROS Length.. Perforation the Loading the Short Tear-Off Selecting Pitch.................................................................................................................... Choosing International Character Choosing Character the
the The LQ-2550 of three the buttons, lights, and (LCD). The buttons of the and and the lights and the of the The POWER READY PAPER OUT o ON LINE If of the following the shows the the The of The cover The head become the head and this clears. Turn the off and If the service. crooked. Turn the off and Turn the back and the LOAD/EJECT advanced the Turn the off and Turn the back and the LOAD/EJECT
The lights POWER READY PAPER OUT o ON LINE POWER READY PAPER OUT (red): ON LINE TRACTOR FRICTION CSF CONDENSED TEAR OFF MICRO FEED the ON LINE FORM On when the turned and supplied. On when the ready to input This light while received. On when the of On when the and from the If this light the head overheating. when the head On when tractor selected the PAPER SELECT On when friction feed selected the PAPER SELECT On when selected the PAPER SELECT On when selected the CONDENSED button, or software command. On when tear-off selected. On when selected. FEED LINE FEE0 LOAOIEJECT SelecType
PLATEN GAP ADJUST On when selected. SelecType On when SelecType selected. These arrows the user when (yellow): SelecType tear-off or selected. The buttons ON LINE: FORM FEED: the This the off the the ON LINE light the of the and the and from the SelecType this to the SelecType the off this of or to the top of the SelecType this the SelecType FEED LOAOIEJECT
LINE FEED: LOAD/EJECT: FONT: PITCH: the the off this the or the continuously. SelecType this the SelecType the off this or the SelecType this the SelecType this the shows the Pressing the FONT displays the following OCR-B, OCR-R, ORATOR, ORATOR-S and Orator-S only with the optional the section this chapter information. this the shows the pitch. You choose or CPI (characters inch) or the section pitch this chapter information.
CONDENSED: Press this to or The selected displayed. characters of their This combined with CPI the PITCH MICRO FEED: PLATEN GAP ADJUST: the Turns and off the the LINE FEED (V) to feed the slightly and FORM FEED (A) to feed the slightly to the tear-off or The sections tear-off and the this chapter information this Selects or the If the too or too or the to the this selected, the Press the ON LINE the and head. Press the LOAD/EJECT the increasing of ..DDDDD. to the to
SelecType: TEAROFF: PAPER SELECT: the Selects or the SelecType this selected, the ON LINE FEED(A), LINE FEED buttons as SelecType buttons. The the SelecType the section SelecType this chapter Press this to the perforation of to the tear-off of the tearing off the this to feed the to the You this to the AUTO TEAR OFF option with SelecType. the tear-off section this chapter information. the off this to the The selected shown the The selected the following Tractor, Friction, CSF CSF FORM (V),and LOAD/EJECT TEAR OFF
Other features holding the FORM FEED or LINE FEED Quality while the the The the and operating of the the section testing the information. holding both the LINE FEED and FORM FEED buttons while the turn the This allows advanced users to the of the and the section the SelecType SelecType the LQ-2550 to With SelecType aspect of operation. SelecType four of that with the of the with to from SelecType Choose the built-in the with the of the with the LCD the without DIP switches. the
The four cover these Quality processing, processing, spreadsheets, and graphics. You with of the MACRO o o o o o o It or where polished You and including emphasized, o MACRO o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o o II::::::) MACRO the II,P,,II II,.,..I! X. E::!: J. Jones L. II::::::~ I:::.. SALES REPORT
MACRO There switches to or commands to fact, the LQ-2550 DIP switches. You the then these through SelecType. SelecType To SelecType the SelecType SelecType, that the LQ-2550 The its SelecType. If turned the off the back and the LQ-2550 SelecType the II
Selectype to the choose with SelecType software commands these commands SelecType should the instead of SelecType to the affected You SelecType this once that SelecType If the SelecType those temporarily as the turned off, cleared when the turned back The SelecType the that and operations. The :CHBNGEDEFAlJLTS :PRINTOUT SETTINGS: the This of the four to This the (such as and length), with the option of these to This the (such as interface and that each the This the the the four and the This of the and to the
Following the arrow the SelecType of each of the This that the or right of the that the the the when SelecType The that choose option (shown the of the such as FONT) the or that the option to its (shown the right of the such as the choose its the or the the Selecting Select of the as follows: Press the SelecType The shows: SelecType MODE Next, the to: the Once activated option, The and the option the to the The and You
Press the The instructions to follow to the options each learned to the SelecType reading through this chapter, the Reference the back of this summary information SelecType, become accustomed to this LOAD MACRO The MfiCRO of four or created using the the following the of the four with the PRINT OUT SETTINGS the or to through the as follows. SLOADNFICRU :CHfiNGEMfKRO SCHCINGEDEFAULTS :PRINTOUTSETTINGS .I IWICRO
FONT PITCH CONDENSED FORM LNG Tractor CSF CSF SKIP AUTO TEAR OFF LEFT MARGIN RIGHT MARGIN CG TABLE COUNTRY PRINT DIR. COLOR the of the four as the another the become the To the following Select the SelecType the instructions selecting the previous section.) The shows: the LOAD beneath the These displayed: Select the of the to the or Press the to the selected (To abort the operation, the the ROIWXI On 66LINE 132LINE 132LINE USA Black from the the 66LINE 132LINE 132LINE USA Black MACRO LOF~DMIJCRU FIEURT 66LINE 132LINE 132LINE USA Black directly 132LINE 132LINE USA Black
If the shows: Next, the to: You back the SelecType To switch to of the other the If to SelecType the SelecType CHANGE MACRO The CHANGE currently loaded. It the option of the as of the four The FONT PITCH CONDENSED FORM LENGTH* SKIP fWTOTEfIROFF to LEFT the the of whichever (optional), CPI, CPI, CPI or spacing. this the pitch displayed. On, Tractor CSF CSF The On, On, :LO~IDMFICRO MCRO below. OCR-B, OCR-FI, Orator-S (optional) to to to CPI*, of inch or
CG TABLE COUNTRY PRINT DIR. The temporarily to the off the the as of the four Changed that turn off the The following the the option, the other options (with the of FORM LENGTH) the (The LENGTH this chapter.) The displays shown The following options this chapter: FORMLENGTH, FONT, PITCH, COUNTRY, the to *The based pitch of CPI. Italic, Graphic, IJM, Germany, Italy, Spain2, Red, SKIP, andCG TABLE. Download IJK, Spainl, FONT FORM
To and the below. Select the the instructions selecting earlier this chapter.) The shows: this the The to: The FONT that to of the other options, such as right or the or to the option. To the The to: Press the to through the the of this the The to: Press the to The to: At this the option the of the the If this, to the the option. the MACRD from the to through the (Press the or SelecType SCHCINGEMKRO directly beneath the :FONT FONT FONT :FONT
Press the to the selection process. These displayed: Press the to the of the to You choose from to Press the (If to to the to abort. abort, the off If the the shows: Next, the to: You back the SelecType To switch to another the to SelecType the SelecType to that and the when off the CHANGE DEFAULTS The the when the The following of the LQ-2550. INTERFRCE BAUDRflTE* *Displayed when the interface selected the or to the 3G18, BPS SCIUEMf3CRO 4fiBORT :CHFINGEMFlCRU LUAD MACRO 12QB, or If 968Q,
PARITY MCR# *Displayed when the selected The LQ-2550 with which using the PRINT below. INTERFACE 9600RPS BAUD RATE PARITY AUTO DEFAUI,T MACRO If interface, the should correctly You to the DEFAULT MACRO however, to match of the INTERFFICE: If interface, to the interface to (If optional interface board, that the interface of what type of interface actually the section interface boards Chapter RfiTE, interface. to first the interface to RfiTE and PARITY SelecType the interface to the and and should to the and the On, GLJT SETTINGS These shown L,INE FEED these the information.) BALJD
f3UTO LINE FEED: This should its the of every If of the top of each other, then DC /DC3: This should its these Chapter information. DEFWJLT This which when the To and the the below. The following the the interface, and interface, the other options the If option, follow The displays shown the off and then back Select the The shows: this the The to: If to option other than the or the FIIJTO LINE FEED to and from the SelecType CHfINGE button. On. only. SCHfiNGEDEFAULTS directly beneath the SINTERFCICE INTERFfKE,
Press the The to: Press the The Press the The to: If only option, to this The other to other options, following the the INTERFACE option. Press the The to: Press the The to: Press the to the this the to BPS. The to: Press the The to: Press the The shows: the to that to the to switch the to or to switch the to or to switch the to 4INTERFRCE INTERFIXE :INTERFf%E RF1TE 9600BPS: 2400BPS: RFITE 4BfiUD :EHJD R~ITE BAIJD Rf3TE.
Press the The to: Press the selected. The to: Press the The to: Press the The these Press the to the (If to the the If the the shows: It then to: This to off and back to the Finally, to: You back the SelecType To switch to another the to SelecType the SelecType Turn off and back to allow to the button. or to the parity. this to this option. 4PFIRITY 4PFIRITY ISPF~RITY PLEMETURNOFF :CHflNGEDEFiWLTS or .I If
PRINT OUT SETTINGS The PRINT SETTINGS of the the four and the This that the and to there to It to these with SelecType. To this the with and finished Then follow the below. Select the PRINT The to: this the The to: Press the If to the (You the to abort while that the PRINT OUT SETTINGS the to: You back the SelecType To switch to another the to SelecType the SelecType the OUT SETTINGS from the SelecType to :PRINTUUTSETTINGS 4fiBURT PRINT, :PRINTOUTSETTINGS or If
the PRINT shown below. This shows the and FONT PITCH CONDENSED FORM LNG Tractor CSF CSF SKIP AUTO TEAR OFF LEFT MARGIN RIGHT MARGIN CG TABLE COUNTRY PRINT DIR. COLOR FONT PITCH CONDENSED FORM LNG Tractor CSF CSF SKIP AUTO TEAR OFF LEFT MARGIN RIGHT MARGIN CG TABLE COUNTRY PRINT DIR. COLOR INTERFACE BAUD RATE PARITY AUTO LINE FEED DEFAULT MACRO CLEAR ALL MACROS This allows to of the and to the It the option of clearing the or the the CUrI IOCPI 66LINE 132LINE 132LINE USA Black 66LINE 66LINE 132LINE 132LINE 132LINE USA USA Black Black 9600BPS DUT SETTINGS 132LINE On 66LINE 132LINE 132LINE USA Black 132LINE 132LINE USA Black
This and that and them with the To the CLEAR Select the The this the The to: Press the If to clear the If chose to clear the shows: It to: Then, the to: Press the to clear the (If to clear the the If clear the the shows: It to: This to off and back to Then, to: You back the SelecType the follow the below. MCROS from the SelecType to clear and them to their :CLEFIRFILLMf3CROS CLEhRDEFfVJLTS PLEASETIJRNCFF CLEfiR.
To switch to another the to SelecType the SelecType Turn the off and back to allow the to The SelecType function to the of with the or the The that the correctly the type of If using the the and when the built-in this Selectype to this If friction feed, to with SelecType. to the with software. Also, the or with software. If software the option of the of that as To the using SelecType, follow the below to the FORM LENGTH option. The displays shown Press the SelecType The shows: the of inch within of to SclecTypeMODE or If
Next, the to: Press the The to: Press the The to: Press the The shows: Press the The to: To feed, the (To the first the To CSF the the If the feed, the to: (If sheet the and displayed.) Press the the to the tractor feed. The shows: Press the The shows: the or to the FORM LENGTH option. or to the of this SCHANGEMACRU :FONT LNG Tractor, STractor once Then 4Tractor 66LINE: 4Tractor 72LINES :Tractor button.
Press the The to: Press the These displayed: Press the Press the to the (If to to the If the the shows: The then to: You back the SelecType If to the SelecType the SelecType Perforation the SelecType perforation to ON or OFF. If this when one-inch the and the the that the the perforation. This top and the once or to the of the to SKIP option, LNG Tractor, I: .I
If to the of the the of and the top of the as shown the following I SUP perforation OFF) 3456789:;<=~?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ~\~~ 56789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\~'--' IN SKIP On perforation ON) 456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]--' 56789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]* To perforation to one-inch SelecType, the CHANGE MACRO section earlier this chapter. of top and Therefore, perforation these the ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\I ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\I^ ;<=>?@'ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]' ;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ[\]-- SKIP option following the the
the Loading The the of the when the The where the each If the too high or too the the the below. and sheets the WARNING: the feeding the of or other the while the off the the turn the back and the with the LOAD/EJECT To the the this the this and as reference feeding the The the of inch to of the Once to the of the that off or the the the friction or the To the follow these Press the MICRO FEED to the micro-feed The MICRO FEED light and the shows top of the (ERKG? To clear this TOF ADJLIST. (TOF
Press the FORM FEED LINE FEED The when the reaches that of inch from the top of the You this as reference when the Once the MICRO FEED to off this Short Tear-Off There of operating the tear-off The to the AUTO TEAR OFF option with SelecType. finished and the perforation the top of the the perforation of the to the tear-off of the cover tear off the the back to the the CHANGE MACRO section this chapter instructions the The other to the tear-off using the TEAR OFF the to the perforation of the (A) to the or the (V to the backward. TEAR DFF option.
to the tear-off of the tearing off the the TEAR OFF to the to the WARNING: the tear-off when that the SelecType OFF off. off the and the The tear-off operated the TEAR OFF below. finished the TEAR OFF once to the perforation of to the tear-off of the cover. Tear off the the tear-off Press the TEAR OFF to the to its If to the tear-off of the perforation to the tear-off the The of whether the tear-off using SelecType or with the TEAR OFF the AUTO TECIR
that the TEAR OFF light and then the MICRO FEED The shows tear-off FEED to backward. the the MICRO FEED TEAR OFF The tear-off with the built-in feeding Once the to the tear-off the that turned off. Selecting of pitches, widths, and other You three software commands, SelecType, or other the This section to the FONT, PITCH, and CONDENSED the the of inch pressing the FORM (A) to the or the LINE FEED TEf!R f3DJUST. Next, the OFF (V)
The the once the turned off. Also, commands from temporarily these Fonts built-in and, with the optional Font To the FONT the shows the The following the character each ROMAN Lifif4~QjrT** o o back of the I*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK
SANS SERIF o o o COURIER back of PRESTIGE !"#$%&'()*+,-./0123456789:;<=>?@ABCDEFGHIJK back of SCRIPT ~IUU&U&Q TJUI.&X~ the YOU Jtecen-t
OCR-B back of OCR-A back of ORATOR LMNO~Q~ST~&(~~ ~&YZEUE VE JUST SEEN YOUR EXCELLENT AD FOR MINIATURE ZEBRAS ISSUE OF RADER ORATOR-S back of the @,,,&I FUEAAAACEEEIIIA IN RECENT BACK TIMES. <=>?AABCDEFGHIJK EF~~~#$~MNOPQRS~&!~ IEROOOUUYOU$EW~AIO
character high-speed which rough The other Quality (LQ) Quality to characters Pitch of the built-in choose character pitch of or characters inch (CPI), or spacing. To pitch, the PITCH the shows the pitch. of the offer pitches. the below. or the spacing. the OCR-A OCR-B ORATOR (Optional)10 ORATOR-S (Optional)10 L-J PITCH
The following the pitch the pitch and CPI), each character amount of spacing, character from character to the than W. pitch text that to read. The following pitch CPI) with spacing. to the three pitches and spacing, the to the character characters of the of characters. spreadsheets and other where to the amount of information The CPI, CPI, and pitches condensed; CPI the This pitch This pitch This pitch This pitch This spacing.
To the CONDENSED that the light To off the DENSE0 characters Choosing International Character The to international character with of characters and other the SelecType option, of fourteen international character or the characters. the below. International character ASCII Country U.S.A. U.K. Norway II II America To the international character SelecType, the COUNTRY option following the the CHANGE MACRO section earlier this chapter. the C NTR #$@[\I^ ~$@[\I-{:) 5C 5D 5E fi 7C 7D 7E fi
Choosing Character The SelecType Graphics character the character or the character (CC Character The Graphics character graphics characters comers, and areas), international characters, characters, and mathematical If IBM or the Graphics when to the graphics characters as they the Since the character affects the of the character text selected the Graphics information character To characters from the O-127 to the the character Chapter information characters.) Selecting the the of the character as characters. choose the Graphics character the ESC command. Chapter If graphics characters when characters, switch to the character If the Graphics character might to choose from first choice should the LQ-2550 and choice the LQ-2500. third choice should the LQ-800/1000 with the ESC/P identity The and third choices the character and found the LQ-2550. If of these should the to whether the TflBLE the
of the characters and the Graphics characters shown below. Italics Graphics The character B. To the character Graphics character or character using SelecType, the option following the the CHANGE MACRO section earlier this chapter. the C TB
Chapter Software and Graphics the LQ-2550 with Application selection spreadsheets graphics software. Computer-Printer Communication commands. the Command Summary commands Character and Selecting with Select Graphics The head.. graphics Twenty-four-pin graphics The graphics reservation graphics hand-calculated to graphics graphics option commands The reassi Characters. characters characters information to characters Copying ROM characters to RAM Quality characters characters and Mixing Software and Graphics
the LQ-2550 with Application that and tested the to with specify the type of that the of the features. or that of to choose from. If selection the instructions below. selection If software selection choose LQ-2550. If the this choose of the following. They of preference. LQ-2500 LQ-1050 (LQ-850) LQ-1000 (LQ-800) LQ-500 LQ-1500 If of these listed, choose the first of the following: LQ, EX, JX, FX, LX, RX, MX, If to choose the LQ-2550 or the LQ-2500. To the of the LQ-2550, to with the LQ-2550 its If the LQ-2550, the software to to the and the LQ-2550 properly. If the correctly, the selection and If the troubleshooting section Chapter Software and Graphics
Word of around the text to the printed, the and translated commands On screen the others the text as it appear-for or This normally restricted to features that found such as and commands These commands or This the of allowing to command, To of however, to to commands. the to commands and then the section this chapter spreadsheets Although spreadsheets as as they If spreadsheet of the to the selection. If spreadsheet the information spreadsheets the of the The LQ-2550 You however, increase the of characters selecting or both from the SelecType The below shows characters these If spreadsheet the of which and supply the from this Software and Graphics
spreadsheet commands within spreadsheet. Instead, or of the whole spreadsheet. With the LQ-2550, there of commands to the of spreadsheet. The first to choose from the SelecType the the spreadsheet to to commands. Then the Command Summary Chapter to the to spreadsheet might to commands. To condensed, would the the Command Summary. The command ESC M, and the SI. spreadsheets the the commands, the Command Summary), might this: The the M, and SI (condensed). graphics software The LQ-2550 of finely graphic Although the section graphics this chapter information the graphics commands, the to of the with of the graphics Software and Graphics
graphics software, the option to LQ with option LQ should to of If to that the LQ graphics selection which should the to the selection. Computer-Printer Communication with of ASCII (American Information the the translated the ASCII A, transmitted to such as or and then converted back the A. There ASCII the the both and lowercase and the through The ASCII of includes and that the Command Summary Chapter each three as ASCII character, as and as the as the ASCII character A, the and the The software and numbers, and assigned from through ASCII with of than they the of and other These ASCII characters usually the and as characters Software and Graphics
Although there than to the of to sophisticated Therefore, ASCII to These the ASCII with of through normally characters and to This first to the that the that follow to as as characters or The that the of of these the of with the You written ways-such as ESC, and this the of ESC when within command. commands the to the instructions ASCII command. command, as ASCII or of that instructs the to function. software continually commands to and These commands the to such actions as typeface, the amount each and the software these commands yourself. This allows to text that normally through the software. offer however, anywhere The commands that the Command Summary Chapter and the Reference the back of this Software and Graphics
the Command Summary The commands the Command Summary Chapter of of ASCII You the ASCII characters or their or the to turn ESC S1 ASCII characters. The this and the 1B the Command Summary, commands the they such as character pitch, and graphics. You commands the of software commands the of the Command Summary. This the commands. commands include such as the the command selecting or double-high ESC double-high turned and when turned off. the Command Summary, to distinguish them from ASCII characters. commands from within software commands the software software only the while others commands If software allow to commands to the the Command Summary to the to software should exactly what and Enhancing You of with the LQ-2550, from the of characters inch to or to selected and phrases. This section of the features to with software. Software and Graphics
software of these features, the instructions or commands the Command Summary Chapter The Character To to the LQ-2550 three character and spacing. four selected with software command, or SelecType or Chapter each of the built-in choose character of or characters inch or The below the three shown characters about two-thirds the height of and characters. This when to from the as and each character amount of The characters, however, from character to character. Therefore, than W. The of each character B. The following with spacing: the effects and to the three and spacing, the LQ-2550 offers three other that the of These double-high, and condensed. Software and Graphics This pitch This pitch This
Double-wide and double-high The the of character, while the double-high the height of character. These headings reports and displays, they usually amounts of These combined to o This double-high, Double-wide double-high Both and reduced to about of their using the This useful spreadsheets allows to to characters 136inch selected with software command, with SelecType, or with turn with SelecType or off with software command. characters or the characters or the and usually to the and the of characters to the character Emphasized and Emphasized and the LQ each character as the Software and Graphics
head the with the slightly to the right of the first. This characters. the head each the text greater and combined. The following the You the using the ESC software command. of shown below. The of It and without and and footnote and mathematical formulas. The below shows and combined mathematical Software and Graphics This ROMAN emphasized. This ROMAN This ROMAN with both. This ROMAN o o
and The outline and features and to text that to such as headings. The following the and outline individually, and of outline with strike-through, and The strike-through, and highlighting This to and without You choose from of or the ESC information. o o Selecting with Select Select that allows to choose combinations of these emphasized, and information to the section earlier this chapter. The of the Select shown below: ASCII: ESC The that the or of To the of the following to the or the Software and Graphics 1B
to title, to characters and them You three together to the of o Double-wide the of IZ, the Select to the to the ASCII: ESC The and separately, using SelecType or the ESC and ESC commands. There things to when the Select command: Select of the features that to already character other than and Select to the character to and 1B IZ: Software and Graphics Hex.
Graphics The graphics allows to charts, or other graphics. software graphics, to or the following software instructions. o o o The and to graphics to graphics With such usually and then to the to the If software that graphics, to know about graphics to the software. If, the other hand, to own or to the graphics, The head To graphics to know about head The head the head the the to fire. Each the and the to the head the the fire to numbers, or Software and Graphics o o
the each other both and vertically the Quality to Instead, the and to of the to vertically, the than the of the the of that the of head to graphics as as text graphic the about the that newspapers and printed. If closely newspaper photograph, that of its with of as as inch and vertically. The the therefore, as finely as the the of this section. graphics With the and software, of software ESC from including of the greater Software and Graphics
Twenty-four-pin graphics The graphics that of the head graphics. This this with to inch the head the instructions every of inch about which of its to fire. At each fire of from to This that the of information each Since the of information its with the three of information each To the which to fire each first each of the three sections of each and each section Since there combinations of the each section, that allows to to which of the This shown below: To fire its To fire than the the of the and the to the these the fire the top To fire the If to fire the top and and and the together, fire of The following three to the that fire of Software and Graphics
With this of the to and and duplicated. there each each of the three sections each this of and graphics inch, of graphics inch numbers. Fortunately, software the these graphics to know the of the graphics command. The graphics The graphics from the other commands the of the other such as and the and another it off. graphics, the because the that graphics the this the as and them the that allows to of the graphics options. The of the ESC this command, YL? specify the of to graphics. The graphics options the following Software and Graphics selects the graphics option and and
Option High-speed CRT this reservation The graphics command than to specify to thousands of the than Therefore, the graphics To and the of The the Since the numbers, supply than the of and to of graphics should (the and The the of as graphics what they This that to supply enough of graphics or the and and to locked. If, however, supply too graphics the and the as Software and Graphics should (the and
graphics This first to the graphics command, reservation numbers, and BASIC and the following to include both The the below WIDTH LPRINT FOR LPRINT NEXT selects graphics and graphics. Since the graphics three of each to supply of the which the first shown the section and finishes the hand-calculated to graphics With what know the of graphics-using hand-calculated to graphic While this tedious, graphics. Also, graphic that The following shows to where to printed. This of graphics each of graphics approximately of inch high and graphics inch this about of inch high and than of inch Software and Graphics "LPT::", CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(32)CHR$(+I)CHR$(@); X=1 TO CHR$(17@);
The that the the of that each other both vertically and The reason the each that of the the they cover each other. Therefore, that each the of and the actually the assigned of the to and then the each of These the that to the as graphics The following the three sections to the At the of each section of each the of the that section. This of to this Software and Graphics
Cl Following the BASIC that the shown the previous Notice that the the that the that the WIDTH IBM PC BASIC; the Software and Graphics
WIDTH "LPT1:",255 LPRINT FOR X=1 TO 40READN LPRINT NEXT LPRINT DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA DATA this assigns the graphics option with the of of bytes) each the following Notice that the This the graphics option the the to the inch) both the following to the the to as shown below. FOR TO NEXT C Software and Graphics CHR$(27)"*"CHR$(39)MR$(~2)C~$(@); CHR$(N); RESTORE
graphics option commands There four graphics option commands that the as the ESC command, each graphics option. these commands graphics that the commands than the ESC they to graphics option. The commands shown below: of the of graphics the LQ-2550 with option from the from the The reassigning command The LQ-2550 that allows to the graphics option assigned to of the four graphics option commands. The this: The the that to the assignment (K, L, Y, or Z) and the of the graphics option that to assign to to the ESC to the CRT graphics option, the BASIC LPRINT CHR$(27) This to the aspect ratio of the that the graphics option the without the You should, however, this with Software and Graphics ;"?";"K";CHR$(1,)
If of the graphics options to graphics option without the that the graphics the the graphics options three as graphics as the graphics options. Characters With this to and characters of You or typeface, characters such as mathematical or or graphic with characters to as building of typefaces created with the character function. You the of characters software that creating characters or with of characters already created. Also, software of the character function to (These characters characters characters the Memory (ROM), and characters the Access Memory (RAM). characters characters graphics the instructions where each printed. fact, character graphics Software and Graphics
To character that high-one each head. The of the character the character characters, the Quality and characters with the both Quality and closely together than those The below the The the height the top of and the the those with (the of and The usually Software and Graphics
The Quality or characters. Quality the There restriction characters. the That there to the and to the right of each that This Quality, and characters The first characters to the as them to The the the graphics section, to each the following with character Software and Graphics
the created to the information to Every assigned (which of first three of of consists of The within each of and the of the that the (which of the top and the least (which of the The shows to this to the the character. On the of the the the The of each the of the where appear. The right of the shows the whole character with the three each indicated the This the this written BASIC and everyone with The to however, that with Software and Graphics
to character and the to The character to this information to the information to The characters the Quality, or that the currently It records whether or This that to character the the turned when the character. The command to characters of the its The of the this: ESC The ESC enough. The (which ASCII the allows At this ASCII With characters with command. The characters If character, and the You and and to which the Also, instead of ASCII to specify If, instance, to the characters through Z, would (or ASCII and would (or ASCII the command ESC AZ the would the of Following the of the of characters to this three that specify the of the character and the around The specified and the right specified the of of that to Software and Graphics and and the ASCII the first and and The
the character. the of the character and the around proportional-width characters that The below shows the these bytes. The of the character the that the each character. three to the of of to follow character should this clear: the ESC selects Software and Graphics LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT FOR READ A: LPRINT NEXT LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT LPRINT END DATA DATA DATA CHR$(27)"&"CHR$(0); I=1 TO CHR$(A); CHR$(27)"%"CHR$(0);
The character The FG!, the of characters this of The information about the character (which contained the the of the to the the and Quality or characters BASIC, WIDTH to and feed from with characters The arrow and the RAM location ASCII the the three-line of The first and third and of the the the the arrow that the to the below: both of characters (the ROM characters that the normally and the character the The to switch the and ESC If the ROM character selected (this the If the character selected. If the character characters, the and the ROM characters Software and Graphics and and TTTTT
You switch character the of To the of and the Copying ROM characters to RAM the the character and try to other characters, the only that the arrow. other characters the RAM nothing Other characters as as they to of the characters to the of the as it to switch back and forth the character and the character It however, rather To things that allows to of the characters from ROM to the character The command as follows, where the of family: ESC This command characters created. You this to the characters. If this the of then characters and the character with the as character You to switch back and forth Quality characters If Quality with the ESC command, characters to of the Quality/Proportional The spaced together Software and Graphics the
than columns-the of inch as to of inch characters. characters Selecting the character characters of the highest Characters of the Quality/Proportional that both Quality and as There to the and right of each that and You and characters. as Quality characters when the Quality selected, and characters created when or selected. These characters as or The characters exactly the only their that The these characters and characters that and characters They of high and their shown the following Quality Software and Graphics
Since these characters when them of each of these characters shown the following Mixing Each of the three character Quality, and with of instance, with characters. Mixing the three of character permitted. If, and characters, then and the first character type of character RAM If characters then switch to another and the character the and nothing printed. The character however, If switch back to the which they then and them. Software and Graphics Quality and
that characters RAM, which the turned off or the with the INIT the characters this each BASIC loaded.) ESC however, characters. Software and Graphics
Chapter and Transportation Cleaning the the Ribbon the and Transportation
Cleaning the To operating its should clean it thoroughly Follow these to clean the Turn off the the and options. to clear and If the outer or cover or with cloth with the cover to from the and Transportation
WARNING: or thinners to the these the as as the to the or or the of the with the think the Ribbon becomes too to the ribbon. The following The optional the of the the this To the follow the below: Turn off the to the and the cover and the cover. WARNING: If the recently, the head cool to the ribbon. and Transportation
the head, the the head to the of the To release the the the top of the then the straight and of the and Transportation
Turn the ribbon-tightening the the of the arrow. the while the ridged then The the should the each of the and Transportation
Turn the to the the head, the head from to to that smoothly. to the head the and Transportation
Transporting the If to the the and as below. Turn off the the cover, cover, and cover. the from the then the the and the the and and Transportation
cross-head screwdriver, the screws. WARNING: the the cover. This cover off and to the the and the head the and as shown below. Then the white and Transportation
the cover and cover. and Transportation
Chapter Troubleshooting and The The The spaced incorrectly The or The what sheets properly Continuous feed properly sheet correctly The tear-off properly what Troubleshooting
Troubleshooting This chapter and their At the back of the chapter section the This users the of the and the and This section and their The the turned and the POWER light If the turned the POWER light to that the and that the turned the ON LINE light If the ON LINE the connected securely to the both of the the and the the of (The PAPER OUT light should off that protective from the If the the from the and the Chapter If the properly, the and the the the software, or the If the The The of the supply. The the and The the section the Chapter Troubleshooting
If the shows HIIIT the head overheating. the when the head If the and the sounds and the shows EF?XN? the off and Then the back and to If the and to service If the the sounds, and the shows EFFC!!? the straight. Turn the off, the the back and the with the LOAD/EJECT If the the sounds, and the shows o the to Turn the off, the turn the back and the with the LOAD/EJECT The spaced incorrectly If the text the the of each of the SelecType to Chapter If the of commands the SelecType to off. Chapter If the feed off, the AUTO FEED XT of interface. The or The properly Chapter The Chapter The head This of characters to the head replaced. to the head other of the should the Troubleshooting HEAfi
If the PLATEN GAP ADJUST Chapter The what The international character selected. Chapter The character or Graphics) selected. Chapter and B. The securely to the both of the the and the that softwares or correctly The the SelecType the to that with SelecType, or the instead of SelecType. software sheets properly that PAPER SELECT to FRICTION. The too or too A. the the upright and the properly Chapter that the software correctly. Choose softwares or the of each Continuous feed properly that PAPER SELECT to TRACTOR. that the of the correctly the Troubleshooting
The properly. Chapter The supply too from the or with the tractor. Chapter instructions. that the cover properly correctly PAPER SELECT to CSF. The properly. The supply properly. loaded; The operation. The of the sheet back. The correctly. Chapter information sheet operation. The tear-off properly Tear to SelecType or the TEAR OFF that the the and that to the to the top of the You to feed. what that software properly the LQ-2550. If allows to the commands You choose the with SelecType. Chapter Troubleshooting
The to the of the and of the reaching the produced. To the the FORM FEED and LINE FEED the while the Next, or written the to the as shown below: 1B 6C 6D 6D OA To off the the ON LINE to the off and then off the (The INIT from the the shown the characters the right with the of the what to the If characters they appear as their ASCII characters. Nonprintable such as of to the first three the of the Each while the the of the right and the preceded The chart below of the first of ESC ESC RO ESC tl Troubleshooting 6F Command 6E 2E 6D Function Select USA character Graphics .@.R..t..6..P.p. This of easy 6F
The Sheet Loading Testing the the Loading the Switching the and Loading Removing the The Tractor Loading the Interface Boards.. Choosing interface Compatible interfaces the interface board. The Selecting Font
The The optional and of You the without to of each and sheet whenever required. the following the instructions its accompanying the assembled that: The The turned off. The optional
the cover and cover. the then and off.
the the assembled both and its notches the the
the cover. Turn the that the off If the ON LINE to the off
Press the PAPER SELECT the CSF light and CSF displayed. Press the PAPER SELECT to Loading which sheet (CSF) select, the the The CSF (the front the following the that: The securely the The selected the PAPER SELECT button. the and right of the selected the and to allow CSF If loaded, the
the the to the Next, the right to roughly match the of of and Next, the to the
the the Then, the of the right that closely matches that the of the allows the to and freely. the back the the The completely too used. If this from the and
You choose to the the with the facing or upward. To the the sheets with the facing the front the right of the To the sheets with the facing upward, this back. If the sheets with the facing the as If the sheets with the facing the sheet this Testing the the the the counts the of the and this the of the first The of counted the becomes the This SelecType or software commands.
The the the as when the off. the the that: The selected PAPER SELECT The turned off. of While holding the LINE FEED or FORM FEED (LQ the The following shows of the the first of the The of the to the Chapter This This XX.
The the or the ON LINE To the the ON LINE To the loaded, the LOAD/EJECT to Then, off the Loading the as To that: The off The CSF light CSF selected PAPER SELECT
to them of and then the to the the front the front they
Press the LOAD/EJECT to Then the ON LINE to the the that the ON LINE light the of whenever character or feeding command to the sheets as that the earlier this chapter the first the and whenever to the selected empty, the off and the PAPER OUT light To then the ON LINE If off or the
To the sheet from the when the that the off LINE FEED: Press to the or to the continuously. FORM FEED: LOAD EJECT: Software The following commands the to the the without the The to the with software commands: FF and ESC EM R. The ESC EM the operation of the information about this command, Chapter If the reaches the of the when of the following feeding commands used, the the and the sheet loaded: LF, VT, and ESC J. there the to the manually. that when there the to the without the there the to the manually. that when there the to the without the
software switch to from another feed to the of software of the physical of feeding of top and each To properly, software to the and to know exactly the the the LQ-2550 counts and the of that of This the of should as the software the section testing the this chapter to the of which software to as or length, to the top the and the of to the The the LQ-2550 normally top Therefore, top of inch), should the top software to four The LQ-2550 of about three to of inch), should the software to three With of the of would inches). software the or ESC EM commands recommended operation. This type of software sheet or allow and to to the sheet with of these without Simply the using the the to the of then that of as the software. If this process. as feeding If software allow to the length, software
The following typical of software operation of Not software the that of the to To the following Top Margin Margin and other software to these You the each Alternatively, the that the these If features, such as and footers, to accordingly. the If necessary, the of the or with the the section the The as as the If the turned off, the to the factory the with the the of You to software this length. Continuous
Switching the and The LQ-2550 allows to easily switch the and the feeding without to the or the supply. To switch these feeding that: Continuous the The installed. The off If to the tear-off tear off the perforation of the the tear-off Chapter information the tear-off To switch from to the PAPER SELECT the TRACTOR light Continuous to its and the front section of the
the the front of the that smoothly. Press the ON LINE to the to when the Loading sheets This useful because allows to switch to type or of without the supply of already the the as the CSF to the this the CSF the section Chapter that: The The off Press the PAPER SELECT the CSF light and CSF displayed. POWER READY PAPER OUT o ON LINE ON LINE
the with the the the front of CSF Then the the Press the LOAD/EJECT to the (If than the sheet from the supply.)
the the sheet that: The turned off. the the back section of the to release its notches from the and the
the its notches the the each then the back slightly. the its and The Tractor The optional It and to the highest graphics. the with the built-in tractor, as this section. The tear-off with the tractor. with the pull-off tractor, that the TEAR OFF light off. the tractor, that: The The turned off.
The the cover and cover. the
the then and off. the with the to the right. the rear notches the the rear mounting the as shown the following
the tractor the front the front mounting of the the cover. Loading with the tractor, that: The installed. The cover The cover The
The tear-off function with the tractor. with the tractor, that the HIT0 TEfiR Turn the Then the PAPER the TRACTOR light the as the section with the about of inch from the locking DFF option SelecType off. SELECT
the the tractor, that the off Press the LOAD/EJECT to the Then the FORM FEED to the that the the tractor. the covers, and release the
the to match the of the and the they the the of the the tractor of the the of the as necessary.
If the exactly the tractor the feed and the the covers.
that the crooked or and the the and that resting top of the both
the of the tractor cover with the the and the cover. Press the ON LINE to the POWER READY PAPER OUT o ON LINE ON LINE
to the and perforation and the necessary. Chapter Removing the the tractor, that: The turned off. The cover and cover the The
Press the the off the the its notches the of the each then the back slightly. the its and tractor. Then the back and
Interface Boards There of optional interfaces that to the of built-in and interfaces. Choosing interface The following information should of the these optional interface boards. Optional interfaces the following interfaces. The IEEE-488 interface offers trouble-free operation, and the to computers, and other the they freely. If whether optional interface, or would to know about interfaces, with Compatible interfaces The following of interfaces that with LQ Interface New interface interface IEEE-488 Interface
interfaces the EPSON them. If the board with and should to of the the the interface board The optional interface boards easy to The only cross-head screwdriver. optional interface board, that: The and turned off. The from the and the The and the cover The cover option (such as the or tractor) The cover DIP switches or the interface board to the instructions interface
the the from the Then the from the of the WARNING: High the when the to the the turned off and the Also, to the board of the of the the electricity the cover.
cross-head screwdriver, the three screws located of the the front of the the slightly. this with the and connected
the CN21 as shown the following Then the completely. when or the to the the
the shield plate the interface the located the back of the (The following of the of the screws CG (chassis ground) from the board. The shows the location of the CG screw that should
the board There basic of interface board which slightly the they the (The ground attached type and attached the other.) This the of the interface to which type of interface board and then follow the instructions that type of board. FG the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the and the other as shown.
the the optional interface board the the board; then the board with three of the screws provided. the of the FG the FG located top of the interface board. the as the section immediately following the section.
FG attached the interface to the as shown below. the CG screw to the round of the FG ground) to the board. the board clockwise and to the board. the properly the
the board with three of the screws provided. the as the following section. Attaching the the of the the the then the
to the FG the and the the CN21 the board. the
the with the three screws. the cover. that completed the of the optional interface board, or options that the and the shield reattached.)
WARNING: the optional interface board, to the from the built-in or interface. the the interface board, to SelecType to the INTERFACE option to the CHANGE DEFAULTS section Chapter This the optional interface because the the however.) The The optional Quality LQ and Orator-S. the that with the further information. the that the turned off. The or B. the cover slightly the of the cover.
the or B. The arrow the should the the cover.
Selecting You three software commands, the buttons, or SelecType To the the FONT the displayed. The following the character these ORATOR LMNO~$@ST~~~X~{ YEXZEUE VE AD JUST SEEN YOUR EXCELLENT FOR MINIATURE ZEBRAS IN RECENT BACK ISSUE OF RADER IMES ORATOR-S LMNO@$TUVWXY< back of .I /Q122456789: @,,J FUEAAAACEEEIIIA FONT I.. EF@;+$@IWPQR+!~ KROOOUUYOU$E~~~AIO >?AABCDEFGHI JK
Chapter Command Summary Commands Topic MSB Motion Motion and Character Word Processing Character Characters Graphics Command Summary
This chapter and the commands The Command Summary topics, there of the commands If know which this to the where The Reference the of the of the commands topic, with that to of the commands. The commands this summary the following operation and character MSB Word motion Character motion characters Graphics command section and section. The section the ASCII, and the command. The section the of the and information using The section includes: ASCII: the ASCII characters the the Command
three the to such as and The the section. The type of command consists of character to the instance, to the ASCII SI OF commands of or character to the the the following: ASCII: ESC 1B this or (off), to or To from BASIC, the following command: LPRINT the following commands that only or the the ASCII and or the ASCII characters and used: ESC U, ESC ESC ESC W, ESC S, ESC BASIC with of these LPRINT ASCII LPRINT ASCII character Command Summary ESC and ESC
chart through The below the The that the the the the or that the and the to the that this and the other Hex. OA OB o OD Command Summary Cntl. C tl Hex. Cntl. OE OF 1A 1B
Commands The following shows and ESC (with their and and the where the command found. ASCII BEL BS HT LF 0A 0B VT FF 0C CR 0D o 0E SI 0F DC1 DC2 DC3 DC4 CAN DEL 7F ESC SO 0E ESC SI OF ESC EM ESC SP ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 2A ESC ESC 2B ESC 2D Command Summary Backspace Select Select Select character Select Select intercharacter Select MSB Select characters graphics Select n/360-inch Turn on/off
ASCII ESC 2F ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 3A ESC ESC 3D ESC 3E ESC 3F ESC ESC ESC ESC C ESC C ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 4A ESC 4B ESC 4C ESC 4D ESC 4E ESC 4F ESC I= ESC ESC ESC SO ESC ESC Command Summary Select Select inch Select n/180-inch Select characters Copy ROM to RAM Unidirectional MSB to MSB to Reassign graphics Select n/60-inch inches Select Select n/180-inch feed Select graphics Select graphics Select perforation perforation right International character Select Select
ASCII ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC ESC 6B 6C Command Summary Unidirectional on/off Turn on/off High-speed graphics graphics Select Select Select family Turn on/off Select character 5A 5C Select Select character Turn double-high on/off Select Quality or
Commands Topic The following section and the commands topic. the Reference Card the of this the of the commands topic. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the and clears the the command. A. Selection DC1 Format: ASCII DC1 the to the selected it the (DC3). the switched off the ON LINE DC1 and DC3 the interface IBM PC and computers). Command Summary
DC3 Format: ASCII DC3 the the the received. The reselected with the ON LINE button. DEL Format: ASCII DEL 7F the text character the ESC Select Unidirectional Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3C normally bidirectional. This selects only. The head to the (home) and from to right. This return. Command Summary Character
Turn Unidirectional On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned turned off. normally bidirectional. This selects positioning ESC EM Sheet Format: ASCII ESC EM 1B The following Selects Selects R: Ejects loaded.) The should the sheet and CSF selected using the PAPER SELECT It other than or Command Summary
MSB MSB the MSB (ESC ESC and ESC graphics. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3D the MSB of incoming to with the MSB to which that or character graphics printed. ESC this MSB to ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3E the MSB of as ESC MSB Format ASCII ESC 1B the MSB ESC or ESC Command Summary MSB to
BEL Format: ASCII BEL Sounds the CR Format: ASCII CR OD Prints the the and the to the feed ALIT.0 FEED XT the interface LOW. Format: ASCII CAN text the Command Summary
Motion feeding FF Format: ASCII FF 0C Prints the the and the to the top of to the length. The the with ESC C. FF ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to the The of from The top of to the the SelecType ESC C Format: ASCII ESC C 1B the to inches. The of from The top of to the the SelecType Command Summary
ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B 4E The the of the and the first the with the (l/6-inch), and ESC and then This ESC C or ESC C The of from the SelecType perforation Perforation ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B 4F the perforation ESC N. the SelecType perforation feeding LF Format: ASCII LF 0A this received, the the and the the spacing. Command Summary Perforation
ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character and ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch feed commands. The the character and This the ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B the to of inch commands. The the character three and This of from Command Summary Select Spacing Select 1/6-inch Spacing Select n/180-inch Spacing
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2B the to of inch feed commands. This of from n/60-inch Spacing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the to of inch commands. The of from n/180-inch ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4A Advances the of inch. The of from This and return. Command Summary Select n/360-inch Spacing
VT Format: ASCII VT 0B Advances the to the the selected ESC If selected, used. If the ESC Format: ESC ASCII 1B to the spacing. affected spacing. The as from The the of the command. ESC ESC clears the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Functions the as ESC B, that the selects the which Therefore, to of The selected ESC To clear the ESC Command Summary
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2F This command to the with the of from VT commands the selected this command. Motion Margins ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6C the to the character the treated as lowercase (as the The the the of character. Right Margin ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the right to the character spacing. the treated as The the the of character. Command Summary Margin
head BS Format ASCII BS the to the Backspacing to, beyond, the BS with ESC ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This the from the that characters to printed, this of of inch. The and the effective the specified the right Command Summary, Backspace
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5C the (relative to the which of following To YL?, first the If the to the from the this of would the the of inch and of inch Quality or HT Format: ASCII HT Advances the to the The of characters the currently selected character Command Summary The command and
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B This allows of to which as (from with the terminating the command. The ESC clears The or ESC characters. the The the and the of characters the ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects the Selects the Quality (LQ) the SelecType Command Summary Select Quality or
ESC Select Family Format: ASCII ESC 1B 6B This command affects the Quality If the the used. To of the four other the family of the shown below. to choose the The following OCR-B OCR-A (Optional) 8=Orator-S (Optional) the SelecType Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects of the following condensed, emphasized, and to the section selecting with Select Command Summary
and Character Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC I 1B Selects characters inch. This normally to or Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4D Selects characters inch. ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects characters inch, and or with condensed. Command
Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned turned off. The of characters from character to character. Therefore, than W. The the character which appear B. Select SI Format: ASCII SI 0F Prints characters about of their the characters inch. with ESC SI Format: ESC SI ASCII 1B OF the SI command. Command Summary
DC2 Format: ASCII DC2 SI, ESC SI, or SelecType. Format: ASCII SO 0E Double-wide the of characters. This or DC4. ESC SO this command. Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned off. Double-wide the of characters. Command Summary Select
DC4 Format: ASCII DC4 selected SO or ESC SO, selected ESC or ESC Turn Double-High On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following turned ON. turned OFF. Double-high the height of characters. You to to the height of these characters. Command Summary
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The selects the to the below. Black ESC Select Emphasized Format: ASCII ESC 1B text each with the slightly to the right of the first. ESC Emphasized Format: ASCII ESC 1B emphasized, the selected ESC E. Command Summary
Select ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B text each with the slightly below the first. ESC Format: ASCII ESC Turns off the selected ESC G. ESC Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B Prints characters about two-thirds of the character height the or of the character selects selects ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B or Command Summary
Turn On/Off ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2D turned turned off. This ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Select Select Select outline with Select outline ESC(- Select Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2B 2D or ASCII characters, the first three and The of the location of the strike-through, and The of the and the selected Command Summary Select Character
Word Processing ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B The following Selects Selects centering. Selects right Selects The when the becomes HT, BS, and commands should with there within ESC SP Format: ASCII ESC SP 1B the amount of to the right of each character, to the already allowed the of the character. The of which should from of of inch and of inch Quality and Double-wide the of Command Summary Select Justification Intercharacter
Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Selects the character Selecting Graphics selected ESC The following Selects character Selects Graphics character characters from the to the that the of or character and to chart. ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B characters to printed. This the Graphics character selected ESC or SelecType, character graphics Command Select Character Select
ESC Format: ASCII ESC the selected ESC Select International Character ESC Format: ASCII ESC The following II 0=USA II America 9=Norway the SelecType of the international character Characters Chapter and information this topic. ESC Characters Format: ASCII ESC This allows characters to the currently selected Command Summary 1B
Copy ROM RAM ESC Format: ESC ASCII This the characters the ROM RAM that characters and Orator-S only with the The the family as follows. OCR-B OCR-A ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B ESC to first the character The following Selects the Selects the ESC Printable Characters Format: ASCII ESC the Graphics character selected, this the of through as characters, Command Summary 1B 3A Select
ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B the Graphics character selected, this through to treated as This the Graphics Chapter graphics the ESC graphics Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4B Turns graphics The of Select Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 4C low-speed, graphics The of Command Summary
Select High-Speed Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B Turns high-speed, graphics The of Graphics ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 5A graphics The of ESC* Select Graphics Format: ASCII ESC 1B 2A Turns graphics the following the The of Command Summary L!
Option High-speed CRT II CRT II Hex-density* this ESC Format: ASCII ESC 1B 3F graphics to another. The graphics the character K, L, Y, or Z, which reassigned to (O-6). Reassign Graphics Command Summary
Technical Specifications Specifications A-2 Sheet Specifications A-6 Interface Specifications A-9 A-13 A-14 Technical Specifications
Specifications below. Quality CPI Characters/second/line LQ Bidirectional text and graphics. Unidirectional through SelecType or software command. spacing: or of or of inch Printable below. Character 1Ocpi A-2 Technical Specifications printed characters
Character Font OCR-A OCR-B ORATOR ORATOR-S ASCII character Characters: (including characters) international character Graphics characters feed Friction feed tractor (optional) (optional) length: Technical Specifications (characters inch) IO,1 IO,1 IO (Optional) (Optional) to inches to Continuous to inches to Envelope inches, inches, inches, sheets to inches to ProDoftional ProDortional
sheets thickness: or or or or A-8. Continuous, of to thickness Technical Specifications A-4 Envelope to inches to to inches to to inches to inches or or to to Continuous
Ribbon: MCBF: MTBF: head life: and Insulation AC and chassis): Specifications A-5 Black Quality characters, dots/character): Quality characters, dots/character) with using This characters inch, or head: hours duty) Width: Depth: VAC to 10M AC and chassis Can withstand or second.
Humidity: Operation: to within to within Operation: to to to to (Optional) 26.7(W) 22.9(D) 16.5(H) and (mounted the capacity: Technical Specifications A-6 Operation: 40F to 95F -22F to 140F (-30C to 60C) Operation: to (without to (without to of to and type) to to of to of thickness should or to of thickness should or (ST to 35C)
capacity: sheets: sheets: MCBF (Mean Humidity: Technical Specifications A-7 Operation: Operation: to of to of to and type) to to of to of to and type) to -22"F(-30C) to to without to without +41"F(+5"C) to +95F +158"F
Thickness or or A-8 Technical Specifications and to to to to to to to to to to to to to to /0.53J or It or or or
Interface Specifications with both and interface. optional interfaces, the with the optional interfaces. interface The following the interface. assignments the interface Connector assignments and of their respective interface shown the following Technical Specifications A-9 Humidity: BUSY to when and LOW when and that the ready to OUT HIGH that the The HIGH the following off +64F to 72F
ERROR GND NC SLCT IN The heading Direction to the of flow as from the the twisted-pair to connected ground the interface to twisted-pair each and to the the These should shielded and to the chassis of the and the A-10 Technical Specifications CHASSIS GND to its and the cleared. This usually HIGH; its than the OUT becomes LOW when the off as Not used. OUT to 5V through 3.3K The when this HIGH. achieved with LOW, the &Y
interface based TTL Both the and the of each than microseconds. the ACKNLG or BUSY to this of the ACKNLG or when the of the BUSY LOW. and The following shows the relationship or the line/off and the of the on/off characters, DC1 or DC3. ON LINE SLCT IN High DC1 High High/Low High Disabled DC3 High High/Low off High/Low DC1 *While character and acknowledged that the another DC1 character, which allow to Technical Specifications A-11 ERROR BUSY on/off /DC3 High ACKNLG (Disabled/
Interface The below shows the the interface. BUSY ACKNLG DA TA STROBE interface The LQ built-in interface RS-232C asynchronous interface with the following characteristics: length: or 9600,192OO second. to to A-12 Technical Specifications
DTR or X-on/X-off. The DTR to the ready to when the of free the input to The to that the ready when the of the input to character detected. other Connector this the of to the There the three that the to of the turned Software Software the ESC the command. Technical Specifications A-13 the INIT the interface LOW).
These three of slightly effects. ESC the to the SelecType the other the to the selected the SelecType Also, ESC the clear the input or clear the character The following shows the that become when the initialized. Item to: Top of and right VFU Font selection characters the cleared when the turning the or INIT The character cleared when the ESC A-14 Technical Specifications SelecType Cleared Every characters to the SelecType Hardware: Cleared Software: Deselected
Table B-2 Character B-6 Converting to B-8 B-1
This the of characters. The of inch. of of inch. You to these the of characters that The characters with indicated international characters or graphics. the the section international characters Chapter the the international characters. Also, the of the ESC and ESC commands the Command summary (Chapter information to these characters. The following shows each character, its ASCII and its If there the the the of the character. CO& 2A 2D 2E 2F B-2 CHR I, 3A 3D 3E 3F CHR
4A 4D 4E 4F 5A 5B 5D 5E 5F B-3 CHR 6A 6B 6C 6D 6E 6F 7A 7D 7E CHR ?I
B-4 BO B6 B9 BA BB BD BE BF Cl C6 C8 CA CB CD CE CF DO D2
D3 D4 D5 D6 DB D9 DA DB DC DD DE DF EO E2 E3 E4 E5 E6 E7 E8 E9 EA EB EC ED EE EF FO F2 F3 F4 F5 F6 F7 B-5 F8 F9 FA FB FC FD FE CHR
Character These character selected SelecType or the ESC software command. the Graphics character the ESC or ESC software whether to to 9F as characters (ESC or (ESC Character Table :ODE C C B-6 #3CScs ;K o o O@P(P I. E Cl tl I/ TV' -I- J-
Graphics Character Table ZODE C C B-7 O@P' ;I P3CScs~66
Converting to If to instead of numbers, them with the chart below. the the first of the and the the Where the intersect the that to to the of 5A, where intersects with A, There C B-8 Hex-to-Decimal Conversion Chart
that these apply specifically to If that topic information. that such as or ASCII American Information assigning to and this turned SelecType, each (CR) feed (LF) of the of Usually to second. bidirectional which the head every other This increases the of the head both or which the of information or memory. of information consisting of GL-1
The that the to the issued together with feed, the to the of the bidirectional the head actually to the characters inch of the of text characters, often to as pitch. often the or which each character of the of characters. or spreadsheets the that each perforated and the characters, the ASCII includes other These such functions as sounding the and or feed. (CSF) optional, that of the troubleshooting the each that as as the ASCII that the characters. or that when the turned or initialized. GL-2
graphics graphic of of which each or of which each character as high as of characters. Each character the the slightly below the which each character as as characters. One of of character high-speed Quality. of characters. character with the slightly to the right of the first. Graphics The Graphics character international characters, characters, and character graphics comers, and areas. ESC to commands. ESC/P The of commands software. It and software computers. of type family GL-3
terminology, normally the of feed and that the to the top of the To the of the turning the ESC or INIT interface The the and the interface character or and interface which the characters This Quality (LQ) One of Quality reduces the and increases the of character to increase the feed and that the memory The memory. from the of the from the memory to the memory The then information from its memory This of frees the to other while the The memory the that the and tear-off GL-4
Three commonly with and the and (This the and the A, B, C, D, E, and F. This and and the and information to that or off. often and the with the connected to interface inferface. Parity and to the of The that the of and Quality (LQ). high-speed, LQ polished which the of the character from character to character. than lowercase The than typewritten GL-5
The built-in that through the Access Memory. The of the memory as and characters. RAM when the turned off. To to its command, INIT or turning the off and of the of the the the its SelecType and the characters that its ROM. interface interface. tear-off that the perforation of to the tear-off and then the back to the This the top of The the that the as the first characters Characters that and the the known as characters. GL-6