AT With Chips C43 Instruction of the Continuous Flow with Cartridges and Chips. You to the bottles and The whole easy. Its really effective to money.
Thank purchasing AT and try to with products AT to without to the those Please AT Continuous the AT CIS and ready to (to the of heads). the AT CIS The AT CIS to properly the previously clogged. people the first the AT Continuous others to or three cleaning or the while they the CIS C Arm Instruction CD inspection whether the whether there's of CIS whether from CISS. If there please to the whether there the If the of than please the head or testing: whether the mechanical testing to the head to whether the Procedures: First CIS C43
the CISS the right of the the from the as the the shown. the the to the the The third the Cartridges the then the cover as the The fourth the Rip the the Rip the from the of the Rip the the to the which Source ready to the
the the as the Rip the the shortest the right of the to the as the The fifth the the arm, please to the reference. The sixth the which the the and the there and when the with there's of to the thoroughly to the right The The this ,it The seventh
the the to whether the The Checking the head OK Everything You If this please the head this item If there please head. It that the the head. If specially to repeatedly to clean. the about If testing, it please to with Procedure: If the light flashing when that to the the please off the about and turn this the then
Please to the the the below 1CM as the shown, please to bottles. the from the holes.(there of to the supply. Then the back Please the and the the the of the CISS including the and other Then from and the Please to 7.Notice: Please the CIS the bottles the with the to least inch of the bottles, as to of and the Dont the higher or than the To and to sunlight. Dont the supply or the shipment. Please the and closed tightly the the Dont the frequently. It Dont the of and tear off the of 8.Warning: Not reach of to sunshine and high or and