XP-520
Product the and Lights these sections to learn about the features of the Product Locations The and and More these sections to learn about the and and Lights the LCD LCD Turning On topic: Product The and light
the LCD The The LCD The arrow and the OK The copying, or scanning, or The topic: the the You and right or when these displayed options You and or when these topic: the
LCD Turning On You the of the to to access. or to the as shown. topic: the You the the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Press the to topic: the You reduce the the turning the option. Turning this reduce Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
Product Locations Product Select and the OK Select On and the OK Press the to topic: the these sections to the Product Product Product topic: Product cover
cover topic: Product Locations
Product head/ink Memory topic: Product Locations
Product AC Rear cover USB topic: Product Locations
The and the from the The or off of You the increasing the reduces the efficiency. the from the the from the the and the and OS topic: Product You the to the the off automatically. Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK button. You this Select and the OK
the from the You this Select the of which the to off when Then the OK Press the to topic: The and You the to the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK
the and You this and the OK button. You this Select the the to Then the OK Press the to topic: The and You the software to the the or off automatically.
Access the and right-click the the Select Click the Click the and Option Information You this the of which the to off when as the Click the the to as the Click Click OK to the topic: The and
the and OS You the software to the the the Apple or the Preferences Scan or and Select and Select You this Select the of which the to off when as the Select the the to as the Click Apply the topic: The and
and More the You and from home, office, or the You smartphone, or offers these to from anywhere: Print, and Print. the Remote topic: Product With Print, from that such as smartphone, or to PDF, Microsoft Office or to and to as this the below. If already when software, to learn about Print, compatibility, and instructions. with to Both the and You these options account. topic: and More Related topics this Apple and to to products. The Microsoft Office and wireless You and as or to service such as Dropbox, or as this the below. to learn about and the of
Remote Download from the Apple or to the wireless that from to topic: and More Related topics With Remote software or to anywhere the world. as this the below. to learn about Remote and to the software. Download and the software. the and optional of the to and this Select the and choose the topic: and More Related topics allows to wirelessly to from the of and from OS or If AirPrint. the below to the necessary.
wireless as this the below. Apple to the wireless that from to the the Apple topic: Product Related Selecting the Source Related topics With Account, from Apple or to You from Chromebooks and the Chrome without or as this the below. and connected to the the to the that IP the the IP the of Select the Services option. If the Services option, off and back If the option appear, the option and follow the on-screen instructions to Click Select the to to the Advisory and Next Click OK to the
Account username and and or, account, Account and follow the on-screen instructions. Click to and to Account and from Apple or with access. information Print, or the of topic: Product Related Network Related topics With Account, from Chromebook without or as this the below. connected to wireless the Turn Chromebook and to the wireless as Chromebook's to of the following: Click to the that appears the of Chromebook If to appears the the lower-right of the Click this to the then to and the to
Click Click the that appears to Click the LCD displays OK or the OK to the and to Account and from iPhone, or phone with access. information Print, topic:
these sections to Direct Protected (WPS) Network or Network You to with wireless router or The wireless router or connected to wireless or wired router or
Selecting Wireless Network from the with wireless interface Ethernet wired to the wireless router or Selecting Network from the topic: You or wireless To wireless follow the instructions the sheet and the software. The through Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK You this Select and the OK of the following: Press the OK to the wireless displayed.
Press the to wireless Then, the arrow buttons to the of wireless and the OK If wireless manually. To the wireless manually, Other Networks and the OK as the If the following wireless (or and then Press the and arrow buttons to through characters. Then the right arrow to to the character. To switch ABC (lowercase), or and the OK To characters, the arrow. characters, the OK If to the the OK Press the to should connected to the If the isn't or appear the LCD selected the network or the incorrectly. these to
Direct topic: Related topics or Network You to directly with or another without wireless router or with wireless interface Other wireless selects of these to with or Access If already connected to wireless and the acts as the to operating this displays AP the LCD If already connected to wireless and from other This other features to the operating this displays Direct or the LCD
Direct To release the to from or other to the Direct topic: You Direct to allow and or other without wireless router or Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select Direct and the OK Select and the OK Press the arrow button, then the OK to the If already connected or to Direct, they when the
Direct least and than characters Press the and arrow buttons to through characters. Then the right arrow to to the character. To switch ABC (lowercase), or and the OK To characters, the arrow. characters, the OK Press the OK You this:
Protected (WPS) WPS to to Network or wireless to the (SSID) the LCD then the shown. Press the OK to You AP or Direct the LCD and should to directly to from or If the AP or Direct the LCD Direct these to topic: Direct If wireless router or to the Protected (WPS). To router WPS router or If there there WPS the software the WPS to to Network topic: If wireless router or Protected (WPS) to to the Press the WPS router. On the the necessary.
Network Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select (WPS) and the OK button. Follow the instructions the LCD to WPS should the LCD topic: Protected (WPS) You to the of using Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK
or Network Accessing the Select Network and the OK Select and the OK Press the to the (Press the back to the operation.) the shown the network to topic: these sections to or to Accessing the USB to Connecting to New Router topic: You and its operating You this built-in from or other that connected to the as the IP that the On or other connected to the as IP the You the options. topic: or Network Related Network Sheet
USB to Connecting to New Router If already connected to using USB to or to wirelessly. of the following: If to only the USB from With software. If to to USB the USB connected to Download and software from the the instructions the topic: or Network If the wireless router using to to the router. If switch to wireless router, the router to and router instructions. of the following: Uninstall software. OS to the Download and software from the using the instructions the topic: or Network Related Uninstalling Product Software You to features type or to with
features, of SSID and and selected the services Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this Select and the OK Select and the OK to topic: or Network
Loading Loading the type of Loading Selecting the Each Source Turning the Loading Capacity or You to this the inches or the the necessary.
the front cover. the front cover to the the outward.
the front to the of the following: the with the or facedown. to facedown and as shown. the with the or facedown as shown.
the the front and the the of the the the too tightly. the fits the the
the as enough front of the the to ejected. or the while the operating. Select the and type of the LCD follow these the recommended of first and facedown. the the the and sticking from the of the If of each or If when the the the and sticking from the of the the instructions. topic: Loading Related Loading Capacity Related Selecting the Each Source
Selecting the Source You the and type each the the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK You this: Select and the OK Select Source and the OK To off the of the selection the the to Select and the OK Select and the OK Select the loaded. Select and the OK Select the type loaded. Press the to topic: Loading
Turning the Loading Capacity The when the match the loaded. You off this from the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Functions and the OK You this Select and the OK and the OK Press the to topic: Loading the the of the type to this sheets sheets Bright White
type to this sheets sheets Double-sided Quality Iron-on Cool Brochure Double-sided topic: Loading You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON
count Bright White inches S041586 inches S041809 inches S041808 S041727 inches S042181 S042174 S041405 inches S041982 inches S041331 inches S041062 inches S041141 S041649 inches S041464 inches S041465 inches S042183 S041667 inches S041945 inches S041946 inches S042182 S042175 inches S041067 S042038 S041271
count inches S041467 inches S041257 S042180 inches S041568 Double-sided inches S041341 Brochure inches S042384 Double-sided Quality Self-adhesive A4 inches S041106 Iron-on Cool S041153 topic: Loading You inches inches
or inches inches inches inches A4 inches topic: Loading this Select this or Paper/Bright White Bright White Iron-on Cool Quality Self-adhesive Brochure Double-sided Envelope The only when from they apply to
topic: Loading
the Product the Follow the instructions to or the top of or its cover as writing to the You originals to this the inches or A4 inches the cover. facedown the with the top of the facing the shown. the to the of the indicated corner.
You originals the they least inch from each other and from the of the If copying the as shown to the first then the as shown to the the cover to topic: the Product Related topics Copying Scanning
Copying Copying or the information to or exactly the as Copying or and Restoring You or and of including or photo the the to only the recommended of sheets. Press the button, necessary. Press the arrow buttons to Copy and the OK You this To than the and arrow buttons to the to Press the and right arrow buttons to or B&W
To the the the OK You the To the the arrow Then the and arrow to and the or right arrow to the option the selecting the OK ready to the To the Copying Copying Copying topic: Copying Related Loading Capacity Related the
Copying Copying Select that matches the loaded. type Bright White High Quality Iron-on Cool Quality topic: Copying or Select the that matches the loaded. You these inches inches inches
Copying A4 inches topic: Copying or Select the copying options to Not options or other copying Copying option Varying the or of 2-Sided 1>1-Sided the to With around the Expands the to the of the A4, Copy originals Copy originals of or Reduce/Enlarge Custom the selected the Custom below Automatically the to the selected and other Automatically from to another Custom Automatically the the
option Selects the the the selected type Text text Text that includes text and photograph Quality only) the highest the of originals when Sided selected) Margin the of Top when 1>2-Sided selected) the amount of
Copying and Restoring Copying option or appear the front of the when the topic: Copying or You the as them. the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to Copy and the OK Press the OK to the Select Copy/Restore and the OK You this Select On and the OK button. to the Press the Press the or arrow buttons to or of the to
If originals the the or right arrow to the then or arrow buttons to or of the to To the OK or of the following: Press the arrow to the Then the and arrow buttons to and the or right arrow buttons to the option the Press the right arrow to Then the and arrow buttons to and ready to the To the topic: Copying Related Copying Copying Copying Related the Loading
from Computer with Selecting from and its software as the If to to software If Software checking and OK The to the software. Follow the on-screen instructions. with with OS Product You with as these Selecting Selecting Double-sided Selecting Additional and Selecting Preset Selecting or Selecting topic: from Select the basic the or to photo or Select the You to the option the or another command.
If necessary, as the to You to or Preferences to You the of Select the of the as the You the to to the If photo, You to options You type and to without the
Select the of If Landscape Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality that matches the to Select option: To or photo, the To text and graphics or of the Black/Grayscale To both of the option. To of or of of the the and the options To and their the options. To reduce when Paper/Bright White To To as that and with other Quality topic: with Related or Related Selecting Double-sided or
Quality Selecting Double-sided You of the Quality options to the of the type and chosen. Text text text and High and graphics with high More that choose of and topic: Selecting You of the options the to and Prints or of Click the to and Prints sheets of to Click the to and options. topic: Selecting You both of the selecting of the 2-Sided options the
options or other chosen or the Select of the following options (Long-edge to the the (Short-edge to the the (Long-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that (Short-edge to and prompting to the the to the other (recommended that Click the
You this Select the options to Click OK to to the Click the
Double-sided You this Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the options to Click OK to to the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the topic: with Related Selecting Selecting Double-sided OS You of the options the to
Edge Select that the Margin Select options that to allow Selects whether the front or back Select the and option to as topic: Selecting Double-sided You of the options the to the of the of coverage Increase Drying the amount of of the the other to topic: Selecting Double-sided
Selecting Additional and You of and options or the More To the of or photo, the Reduce/Enlarge checkbox and of these options: the to option to to the loaded. Select the of the or as the and the of as the If to the the option. Select the to option to reduce or or Select the the Select of the following Correction options: Select to the sharpness, brightness, and
Select Custom and the Advanced to manually the correction or off software. to To the following features, the to Click the to and the to the information such as the and to the top or of Click the to the text and location of the header or footer. Select of the Additional options to Custom Correction and Additional topic: with
Custom Correction You of the options the Correction to the Brightness and and tones. the selected the the the and sharpness of sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects.
and Additional ICM Turns off software software. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the and Additional to options or other chosen. Text the of text to increase readability. Thin the of to increase Edge Smoothing Smooths low-resolution such as or from the Red-Eye or Additional Prints the rotated from its High reduce the to right. topic: Selecting Additional and You of the options to headers or footers when The items to the top or of the right, or of the
Selecting Preset These with You to the following information: The and from the topic: Selecting Additional and to of the or More You clicking the Click the or More
You the the of the to its of Click to its or of the options the to To choose Click OK topic: with
Selecting You that apply to the to Access the and right-click the the Select Click the You the options: Click the
You this Select of the to Click OK to the Click OK to the software topic: with You from these the the of as they printed. EPSON and and other the of the the incorrect; reduce each containing the title, and
or RAW Datatype Increases and other Increases when or the head as Increases when or the head and other that that text or the of to screening Prints graphics with Allow Applications to ICM to ICM the Source Prints using the the rather than the topic: Selecting Once selected ready to and Click OK to
You such as this Click OK or to topic: with Related Checking
Checking Selecting this showing the of It allows to and To To To topic: with the apply only while that If to the Access the and right-click the the Select
the of the Software You the Select the to as Click OK These the selected You them as the of the Software topic: with You the the software Access the and right-click the the Select You the
Click the You the options: Select the to as the Click OK to the software The software appear the selected the them. topic: Selecting software to the software. You often the software or this Access the and right-click the the Select Software
with OS You this of the following: To often the software the To the the option. Click OK to If choose to the manually. topic: with Related Checking Software You with using OS as these If to to software Selecting OS Selecting OS Selecting OS
Selecting OS Selecting OS OS Selecting Preferences OS or OS topic: from Select the basic the or to photo or the You to the option the or another command. Select as the If necessary, the arrow to the or the to the
You the expanded The the of OS and the Select the and as necessary. If these the them
Select the options: and If these the them They selecting from the Select that appear the such as those shown the the Select from the
You these Select the type of as the The exactly match the of the type Select the Quality to Select of the Quality OS OS topic: with OS Related or Related Selecting OS or OS
Quality OS OS You of the to the of the type and chosen. photo the with quality. with reduced Normal text and text and graphics with and Quality and graphics with and Quality the the speed. topic: Selecting OS You of the options to options other chosen. If selected this option the to the of Prints text and graphics or of the If the option the white photo. topic: Selecting OS
Selecting OS to the and from the If these the them They selecting from the Select the of the as the If photo, the checkbox or with option. You to the Quality to Normal You type and to without the Select the of or as shown the If the You reduce or the of the selecting from the and selecting option. topic: with OS Related
Selecting OS You of options or selecting from the the To of the of the To the of the Direction To around each the from the To or the the or topic: with OS
Selecting Double-sided OS You both of the selecting Two-sided from the the options or other chosen or the This the of OS Select of the Two-sided options.
Double-sided and OS Select the type of as the The software the options that type. If necessary, the as instructed the of to the selected Follow instructions displayed the Double-sided and OS topic: with OS Related Selecting You of the options the Two-sided or to
OS Two-sided to bound the of the Short-Edge to bound the of the the of coverage Increased Drying the amount of of the the other topic: Selecting OS You the and to the or off software. Select Matching from the the Select of the options.
and OS Select from the the The the the option selected the Matching Select of the Matching and OS topic: with OS You from these the and Matching EPSON software or off ColorSync Prints and to match You the and the ColorSync the
Selecting Preferences OS Click the arrow to and Brightness and tones. You and graphics and the Red-Eye to reduce or red- the selected the the the and sharpness of Click the arrow to Advanced and the Red-Eye to reduce or sophisticated to that include this to both and the the subject's If includes with such as to off to the effects. off software software. topic: OS You that apply to the to the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select or
Preferences OS You this: Select of the Click OK Preferences OS topic: with OS You from these the or that that text or temporary Allows to when expended. High reduce
or OS Checking OS Warning Notifications choose whether or to from the software operating bidirectional Allows the to with the the when using shared topic: Selecting Preferences OS Once selected ready to Click the of the Checking OS topic: with OS the of and Click the when it appears the
Product You the Select the following options as necessary: OS To the and the To the and the To the and the To the To the OS To the to the To the to the To the To the To the then the topic: or OS If to the topic: from
Scanning Starting Scan Starting Scan the Product You or and them as Starting Scan Selecting Scan Scanning with OS Scanning or scanning, of these Starting Scan the Product Starting Scan the Scan Starting Scan from Scanning topic: Scanning Related the You to buttons. selects or them as necessary. the software and connected the to or the software to from the the firewall or security software. Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to Scan and the OK
The options displayed: Press the or right arrow to option and the OK button. To Memory memory and the and other To (JPEG) directly to or as OS To (PDF) as PDF to or as OS To and attaches to You the to and necessary, from option This with MAPI-type such as Microsoft and web-based such as To (WSD) wireless or (English only). To this first WSD Services Devices) the to to. To to PC, connected to If connected directly to with USB USB
Scan to Memory Card If connected to the from the Press the to scanning. Scan to Memory Card Scan topic: Starting Scan Select the Scan to Memory Card options to Scan to Memory Card options Format JPG JPG or black-and-white B&W Scan Selects the or A4 with Text Selects the type of Photograph or the or OCR highest Decrease or increase the of originals PDF PDF
Scan Starting Scan the Scan topic: Starting Scan the Product You or the when to the buttons. You this the of the following to to the Apps and (other Click or or EPSON Software OS the Applications Software and the or Select (OS X) and necessary. Click the and the to or change. the as necessary. Click OK Click to the topic: Starting Scan the Product You the Scan to and the to to the Apps and EPSON Scan EPSON or EPSON Software (other Click or and or Select EPSON or EPSON Software and EPSON Scan OS the Applications the Software and the EPSON Scan With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR
software. To Scan, U.S. or You Scan this: topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS
Scan from Scanning You Scan from to and the the With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or and its option. instructions.)
to as the first. If Select Source option, choose and With WIA option correctly. You Scan this:
Selecting Scan Scan the instead of the Scan Select options as necessary. topic: Starting Scan Related Scanning with OS Scan, to Scan Selecting the Scan Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan Selecting Scan topic: Scanning Scan choice of with of This the type of scanning, selects and You You based the type of scanning. You and and Office You and them You options and Professional You manually and and
Selecting the Scan Scanning topic: Selecting Scan Related Selecting the Scan Select the Scan to from the the right of the Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scanning Scanning Scanning Office Scanning Professional Scan JPEG operating or or scanning You the and options necessary. Scan and as the
You this
To options or the and OK To choose of the options, the the option. To the Click Scan Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Selecting Scan
Scanning You these options Scan from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. the the and other features, and then correctly rotates the when scanned, necessary. (If oriented correctly this option, this option and topic: Scanning Scan JPEG operating or or You preview, and the as necessary. You the when Scan and as the
You this Select the that matches such as Photograph or Text/Line Select the that matches
Select the to as the Destination (The selected based the Destination choose.) Select this option or the Select this option or to text using OCR Character software. Other Select this option to If selected Other the the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Selecting Scan topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the
of the following to the selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the
Normal Click the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning You these options Scan Select the Option to of the grayed-out Not the and Click the Brightness to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically.
Selecting Scan Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Text the appearance of text and text the text from the graphics. Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning You reduce or the of as You such as inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The topic: Scanning
Scanning Office Office Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Office as the You this
Selecting Scan Office Select the that matches Select the Source indicating where Select the and that match Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Selecting Scan Office Office topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan You to include You the or of You to of areas. You the to to the selecting the
the the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Office To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height To to the Copy to the existing and the If the the the the currently selected scanned. To the then the Click each and the Scan topic: Scanning Office You these options Scan Office Not other chosen. Select the Option to of the grayed-out beneath the Not the Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
Scanning Professional the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Text the appearance of text and the text from the graphics. the red, or the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the Threshold the which text and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Office Professional Scan JPEG operating or or You and the as necessary. Scan and Professional as the
You this
Select the that matches such as Reflective or Select the Source indicating where Select the type of as the or Select the of and as the Select the to Click the Scan and displays the If the that to Select of the to the or the If to reduce or as the to Click Scan You the of the and OK Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the Professional Selecting Scan Professional Professional Selecting Scan Professional topic: Selecting Scan Related Scan Related Selecting Scan
Professional Selecting Scan Professional You these options Scan Professional Select this Smoothing Select this graphic such as charts or Select this black-and-white Black White this or art. topic: Scanning Professional You to include You the or of You to of (Normal only). You the to to the selecting the Professional the Normal To instead, the beneath the then the to
of the following to the Normal Click the to the
selected automatically, of the then and the to the to the the following, as necessary, to with the selected If the correct, with the To the the and the where
Professional To the the or of the then and the where them. the as the to the width/height Normal To to the Copy to the existing and the To the then the If the the only the the currently selected scanned. Click the and the Scan topic: Scanning Professional You these options Scan Professional Not other chosen. Click the to Click the or (OS X) to to the of Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to
the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Restoration the automatically. Backlight Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Automatically the when the To continuously, the the and Continuous You the of graphical interface highlight, and individually. advanced only.) Click the histogram to the Correction graphical interface tone individually. advanced only.) Click the tone correction to the Brightness the and of the the the light and of the the of the the of the graphical interface such as tones, without affecting the highlight and of the users only.) Click the to the
Selecting Scan Professional Threshold the which and art text OCR Character topic: Scanning Professional You reduce or the of as You such as photo inches This of that the to the the Click the to the Scan the to from the If to the of the the
appears the selected. the following, as necessary, to with the selected To the the and the where
To the the or of the then and the where Manually the the of the The the of the that scanned. To that the the option. You this the the and OK Then the the The
Scan To the or (OS X) to the and options as or the or off. Unlock the width/height of the without topic: Scanning Professional You the the as There of the and selected thumbnail as thumbnails with the and selected. If the selected, clicking the thumbnail preview. Normal displays their the and other manually. If the deselected, clicking the topic: Selecting Scan If to to increase the from the Scan. Follow these to the You the as
If the using Scan's to increase the You the its Increase Scan's Increase the the amount increase the to high the inch) and the the to You the or Select Scan's based the screen/post the to Print/convert to (OCR): topic: Selecting Scan
Selecting Scan You the location, and of the You optional that Scan when and The appear Scan the Scan You to the clicking the the Scan of the following to the which to Click the of the
Scanned and Optional Click the Other the or Choose and the field. This with to Select as the the to the Format If optional the to them. Choose of the optional to selecting their checkboxes. Click OK Scanned and Optional topic: Selecting Scan You from of and optional the Scan. JPEG that the higher the the the (The TIFF when to or TIFF when to the allowing to the PDF that and OS or other You PDF PICT (*.pct) OS PRINT II or that include PRINT II and the the displays the
Scanning with OS TIFF created such as graphic and DTP software. Optional with the Select to overwrite previous with the this Select to the appear Scan Select to or OS to the where If the PDF or to the first scanned. topic: Selecting Scan With OS X, with such as With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR scanning software. To Scan, U.S. or editing such as Select from the DEVICES or SHARED necessary. (You to the DEVICES or SHARED and If the If item the
Select the Scan indicating where Select other as necessary. Select the which to the Scan To
Scan OS Scanning Click Scan the selected. Scan OS topic: Scanning You these OS X, Correction graphical interface brightness, tint, and Unsharp the of clearer. Turn off this option to the that might appear subtly areas, such as tones. This option when or newspapers. (The of appear the Correction from that too background light. from originals automatically. Restoration the automatically. and reduce topic: Scanning with OS software offers options to Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning to PDF Restoring Colors as You Scan topic: Scanning
Scanning to Destinations Scan Scanning Scan You or and them to and other such as photo-sharing or Scan. If Scan included software CD, To Scan, U.S. or Scanning Scan Uploading Scanned to Uploading Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to Scanned to JPEG TIFF and topic: Scanning You Scan to easily the and them to Facebook or other With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or scanning. of the following to Scan: to the Apps and Scan and OK necessary. (other Click or and or Select Software and Scan Select and OK necessary.
OS the Applications Software and Scan Select and OK necessary. You this: Click the Scan Click Scan the that appears to The the Scan with To the of the the the of the the and the To the the and of the options. the Scan information options. these each to
Scanned to scanning, of the to the You to the arrow to the to of them. The the software topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related JPEG TIFF and Related the You account with Scan and to Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication to account. To the option
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) to to account, and If to it directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account, necessary, and to Click On the Application Authentication account. Click to allow Scan to to account. authentication Copy the authentication the Please authentication field and OK
Scanned to Select from the If the to Selection) the to account, and If to directly Select option the Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and to only). Scan using Scan. Click the
You this: You with Scan. If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to Select from the If to directly Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Uploading Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You account with Scan and Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the account information the and Select option the the Briefcase to the Briefcase appear the the field. If the of existing the to that If the with that created.
Scanned to If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to account, or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You to using Scan. Scan Scan. Click the
You this: If already account Scan, the or Destination the account and to the URL the field. the information the and If to existing with the with the the with the Click to whether the account information correct. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options
Uploading Scanned to If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and If to the or the or Destination field, and the and OK Click to the to or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You to and them Scan. With Scan Microsoft and Mail/Windows If of these applications, Scan the the Scan Scan. Click the You this:
Scanned to With OS X, and text the If already Scan, them using the Destination field. Select the the from the or If there options the selected or Option and the options of the following: Click to choose the where to the Then OK to the to the and or to the operation. OS If to the to the Copy the image(s) to and Then or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You to Scan. Scan Scan. Click the You this:
JPEG Select the the from the or If there options the selected and the options Click or the field to choose the where to the Click OK to the to the or to the operation. topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Related Scanning Scan You from the following the JPEG Scan. The the operating Quality the The increases with higher OS X)
TIFF and Encoding the Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the using the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan You from the following the TIFF Scan. The the operating from the top to the when displayed then with higher
Scanning to PDF the operating where the used. the and Color/Grayscale and B&W The increases with higher Embed ICC Profile Allows the ICC (information of to the that software the of the the ICC topic: Scanning to Destinations Scan Scan, and PDF Format) scanning. Scan. Select the to the selecting Scan
You the Select PDF as the Select other to the Click the to Click OK
Scan and this Choose of the following options: If only If to the scanning, click Scan and the finished, If to or the or the the that appear the of the finished, OK If OCR Character indicating the converting to the the and the necessary. Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the PDF the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related the
Restoring Colors as You Scan Selecting the Scan Selecting Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan You the as them Scan's Restoration You this of the Office Scan offers that scanning. Scan. Select the to Select the or the Select the Restoration selecting Scan Click to the Scan necessary. Scan and the the selected or If the directly to the the or OS where and the topic: Scanning Related the Selecting the Scan
Selecting Scan Related topics Starting Scan Selecting Scan
Memory Cards With Product Memory Card Follow the instructions to with memory Memory Card from Memory Card Memory Card memory the memory the memory and the with the memory the the oriented correctly. Memory light force the the the The memory light flashes and then the memory or off while the memory light flashing, or from the memory
Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Memory Card topic: Memory Cards With Product You these of memory Cards with using You the following the memory SD SDHC SDXC topic: Memory Card You memory containing that these specifications. JPEG with the to to 2GB of to topic: Memory Card
Memory Card from Memory Card with memory to to from memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory the memory light flashing. If connected to USB of the following: the or Then right-click the of memory as and OS the memory from the or the the memory straight of its topic: Memory Card these sections to from memory and From Memory Card Cards topic: Memory Cards With Product
and and these sections to and displayed LCD and Memory Card topic: from Memory Card You as them the LCD Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select Select and the OK memory displayed: Press the right and arrow buttons to through and that to or Press the or arrow to or of the to To and the To the OK button.
Memory Card You this: or of the following: Press the arrow to the Then the and arrow buttons to and the or right arrow buttons to the option the Press the right arrow to Then the and arrow buttons to and ready to the To the topic: and Related Memory Card Select these options when displayed the LCD options Indicates the of
options Indicates the type of loaded; the of copying options the selected Expands the to the of the With around the Quality the highest Expands correctly Expands slightly Expands the least white Prints the the photo the photo the On Automatically the photo to the selected off Bidirectional On Prints to On Automatically the brightness, and of the based the Detection that selected. off below P.I.M. PRINT Matching or
From Memory Card options Detection the of the option that matches People Night Red-Eye Automatically the On Brightness Sharpness To to the and the OK sophisticated to that include this to both and the the If includes with such as to off to the effects. topic: and You or from memory of Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select Sheet and the OK
You this Select of the options and the OK Press the or right arrow buttons to the that matches the and the arrow Press the or right arrow to the that matches the and the OK memory displayed: Press the right and arrow to through and that to or Press the or arrow buttons to or of the photo to
To and the selecting the OK or of the following: Press the arrow to the Then the and arrow buttons to and the or right arrow buttons to the option the Press the right arrow to Then the and arrow buttons to and selecting the OK To than of the the or arrow buttons to the to Press the OK ready to the To the button. topic: from Memory Card Related Loading Select the to when Prints or or or photo the or of the ID Prints Prints the of
Cards Creating and Card Template Prints to topic: From Memory Card You using memory or other and handwritten or First and template Then the and cards. Creating and Card Template Card from Template topic: from Memory Card and memory Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select Card and the OK Select Select and Template and the OK button. memory displayed: Press the or right arrow buttons to the and the OK
Card from Template Select to three or to Then the arrow Select the type of to and the OK Select the other as necessary, the OK each selection. ready to template the topic: Cards Related Card from Template template printed, to and or to the and the Text and Text Effects. within the You write it hand, and the or the that Select the Template and the OK (If the option, the and Card the Template
Memory Card from the template facedown the with the facing the front right corner. the cover and the OK button. To than the or arrow buttons to the to ready to the To the necessary. topic: Cards Related Creating and Card Template You to and from memory memory from from Memory Card to topic: Memory Cards With Product from to memory memory to the memory this or from the memory memory or off while the memory light flashing or from the memory memory from the Press the necessary. Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select Sharing and the OK button. Select type and the OK topic: Memory Card
from Memory Card to Related Memory Card You to and from memory memory and connected to to and from memory while from the memory connected to memory memory of the following to memory from the or then the OS with USB the or then OS with Select the or the SHARED section of the to the to the then the MEMORYCARD Select the that the to to the or memory LCD to to the memory the memory light then and the memory to the displayed. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Removing Memory Card
Cartridges Cartridge Checking Cartridge the LCD Screen expended, to You to that than months or their cleaning and the head. Please of responsibly and with If would to to please to information. Cartridge Purchase Cartridges and Cartridges with Black and Cartridges Conserving Black with and its software know when or expended. Checking Cartridge the LCD Checking Cartridge with Checking Cartridge with OS topic: Cartridges You the of using LCD Press the necessary.
Checking Cartridge with Press the arrow buttons to and the OK Select and the OK The displayed. Displayed Press the OK to topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges appears to when and To the and the the
You this or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly To the right-click the the and Preferences
You this the the of the To offers, the checkbox. topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges
Checking Cartridge with OS You the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select EPSON You this: the following as necessary: To the
Purchase Cartridges Cartridge or indicated the the of the and to temporarily. If of the the incompatible with the or improperly topic: Cartridge Related Removing and Cartridges You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and quality, amount of the the Cartridge topic: Cartridges these when or purchase within months of the Black (PBK) 273XL Standard-capacity High-capacity
and Cartridges Black (BK) 273XL 273XL 273XL 273XL topic: Purchase Cartridges You immediately the ones. the ready to them to the head from ready to the Cartridges to reliability. Turn If expended, the LCD which to and the OK Select the option to the and the OK If the LCD Cartridge(s) Then the Standard-capacity High-capacity
the the head hand; otherwise, the white the the to the replacing. Then the of the to
Warning: If thoroughly with and If them immediately with If mouth, and right of the reach of the the that with of the or to If the Black (BK) the four or You to the Black (PBK) or of the other the the or
the from the the shown Doing and the from the and the or of them. other or or
with Black and Cartridges the the as shown. Then the of the clicks the that replacing, the The the This the LCD off the while or If incorrectly, the and the clicks finished, the If or and the If the using the that with to the from and to the surrounding from smeared the the as the the with the of the head and to topic: Cartridges Related Purchase Cartridges expended, temporarily from the as as
with Cartridges with Cartridges OS You with using with Cartridges with Color Cartridges OS topic: Cartridges If that temporarily with and to or To this Click or to If the appears another to the the or Access the Click the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type Select the Black/Grayscale Click OK displays Click Black to topic: with Black and Cartridges If and to temporarily with or Click the the
If that temporarily with the to OS Click the to If displayed, OK the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and or You this: Select On as the temporary Click OK the or Access the Select from the Select Paper/Bright White or Envelope as the type
Conserving Black with Select the option. Click to topic: with Black and Cartridges The following appears when and there The appears only when selected Paper/Bright White as the type and other selected To this Click to of to or to the the Click this to using the If this topic: Cartridges
Quality Head Head Checking the the Product If to to or the head. If these the to the Head Head Cleaning the Path If become too light, or or light them, to the head Cleaning the You them clean them unnecessarily. You the head expended, and to it when You the first. Head Head Cleaning topic: Quality Related Removing and Cartridges You to Checking the the Product Checking the topic: Head You the head the of the Press the necessary.
Select and the OK Select and the OK Select and the OK Press the button. The printed.
Checking the the to there the head head cleaning of the following: If there the head clean. Select and the OK button. Press the to If there or the and the OK to Follow the instructions the to the head. If cleaning the head to turn the off and least hours. Then try cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Related Loading Cleaning the Head the Product and Cartridges You the head or of the
of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select You this: Click
Head Cleaning the to there the head head cleaning If there If there or the clean the head. topic: Head Related Loading Cleaning the Head Removing and Cartridges If and the the head. You clean the head expended, and to clean when You the first. Cleaning the Head the Product Cleaning the Head topic: Head
Cleaning the Head the Product Related Removing and Cartridges You the head the of the Press the necessary. Select and the OK and the OK Select Head Cleaning and the OK button.
Cleaning the Head Press the to the head. You the LCD the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, the Select and the OK Press the to and that the head clean. If cleaning the head to turn off the and least hours. Then cleaning the head If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Loading Checking the the Product Removing and Cartridges You the head or there the LCD sheets of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Cleaning
You this: Click to the cleaning off the cleaning or the cleaning finished, to the clean; and the to there the head
Head the Head the Product head cleaning If there If there or the Clean to the head If cleaning the head to off the and least hours. Then the head and cleaning the head necessary. If of the or and to replaced. topic: Head Cleaning Related Loading Checking the Removing and Cartridges If become or of or or light to the head. head cleaning. the Head the Product the Head topic: Quality You the head the of the Press the necessary.
Press the arrow buttons to and OK Select and the OK Select Head and the OK Press the to while head
the Head the and the the each the LCD Press the OK when finished. topic: Head Related Loading You the head using or there the LCD of the of the following: Access the and right-click the the OS the Apple or the Preferences Select Scan or and Select and Select Head Click Next then to while head
You this: the and follow the instructions the to choose the the each choosing each Next If or of the choose the each and Then another and Click (where to topic: Head Related Loading
Cleaning the Path If the back of the to of the the to without the there or the or cover. the back of the to clean. as the clean. topic: Quality Related Loading Related topics Copying
Cleaning and Transporting Product Cleaning Product Transporting Product these sections to clean or Cleaning Product Transporting Product To its should clean the and front when the to from or thinner to clean the or or other the or Turn off the the the Clean the with lint-free cloth (microfiber recommended), with cleaner. directly the and the with force. Clean the outer and with cloth. or cleansers. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product If to or it as and follow these the vertically, or turning otherwise
the the the head and the from the its this the Turn off the the and to the head the right (the If the the head to then the off the to the with the white the otherwise, the the from the memory the the Disconnect connected
the output and front cover, then the the its or with cushioning around the the to the from the turning If when clean and the head. topic: Cleaning and Transporting Product Related Head Cleaning Head
Checking Software Updates these sections to using Checking Software Product Product Network Copying from and Quality Scanning Scanned Quality Memory Card to Uninstall Product Software Where to Periodically, to to software. You Download the Software from the of this or U.S. or software You manually the software selecting Software Accessing the and right-clicking the the On the the You the software selecting EPSON Software the EPSON or EPSON Software group, the or the or Apps of OS You manually the software the Applications Software and selecting EPSON Software
Product topic: Related If the LCD, the to troubleshoot LCD E-01 occurred. Turn the off and then back If the If there E-02 occurred. Turn the off and then back If the E-11 service. The the of its service life. Turn off the and W-01 the the then the the LCD You to the off and W-02 the the then the displayed the LCD You to the off and W-03 the of the the then the the LCD You to the off and W-11 nearing the of its service life. (To the W-12 incorrectly. Press each of the to they correctly. W-13 indicated the LCD the I-22 To establish wireless the the or the the wireless I-23 the PIN displayed the LCD the or within If than time-out the and
LCD I-31 To wireless from CD and follow the on-screen instructions. I-41 The turned to AirPrint. I-61 WSD Services Devices). The Scan to PC (WSD) function English of or I-71 originals the copying. I-72 photo the copying. I-73 I-74 template sheet the I-75 Recovery occurred firmware USB and the If this The the and the that the of reach where satisfactory or the reached the of their life. The LCD, or lights the when these replacing. If this the warranty of the the of the or of the covered the warranty. If the of warranty, the authorized service The user-replaceable topic: Related references Where to the the Product the Related and Cartridges Selecting the Source
Product the Related topics operating properly. interface connected to the Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK and OK
Select and OK Press the The printed. of the following, the of the If the and the the operating properly. operation caused software, or selected the other this or and software. If the the or the head. If the the the other this If they topic: Related Head Cleaning Head to Uninstall Product Software Related Where to Related Loading
If with the them to their factory You choose which to or them Press the necessary. Press the arrow to and the OK Select and the OK Select of these options and the OK Network Network You Select and the OK to the selected (Select and the OK to the operation.) topic: these sections while Software
Software topic: If hear from the following: The first the its head. finishes off the or improperly and the finished the head when the light flashing. If the head or and the charging finished off Turn it back and to charging If topic: If while software, these turned and securely connected both If software, the and follow the instructions the the operating other including and protection software, and software selected as the and the shown the If or software correctly software topic: If the these To LCD text the To the of the or topic: Related topics the
Network Product to Router or these or or of this of and or recovering and or the warranty that or and Product to Router or Access Network Software Product Network Product Appear OS Network Scan Network topic: If or to wireless router or these If connecting the Protected (WPS) and the LCD or appear, of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. to within of router or or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. that router or operating correctly connecting to from or another You to the firewall and software wireless router or to such as MAC the router or If MAC to router's To MAC Then follow the instructions router or to the to the
Network Software Product Network If router or its (SSID), follow the instructions that with to wireless manually. If router or security the of security using and or Then to the WEP or WPA correctly. restricting the wireless If that wireless using of the and to necessary. If Direct that the If necessary, the existing from and instructions. If connected to Direct and selected Access low-priority the or the and the to of the topic: Network Related topics If these turned and connected to network (SSID) characters. ASCII characters. connected to If necessary, software and to their factory only: software. router following the instructions router If reading these instructions when router, the
Product Not Appear OS Network Download software from the using the instructions the If router, software to to the router. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related topics If appear the OS these Turn off, seconds, then back If the Protected (WPS) and the LCD of the WPS options from the within of the WPS router. If the wirelessly and the appear LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. If using wireless router, the router to and router instructions. topic: Network Related Uninstalling Product Software OS If these that turned software as
Scan Network and that the correct. If the Disconnected and off and then If TCP/IP, the IP correctly If assign IP using DHCP, the IP manually. and both using the wireless If network and the strength. If to router or microwave or such as If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. to wireless router or function that from the router or instructions the function. If connecting the wirelessly and the or appear the LCD software correctly. If necessary, software. topic: Network Related to Uninstall Product Software Related Network If Scan these If from restarted the software. the firewall or software. If wireless router, the router to and router instructions. If high network
Copying If while Scan, Scan, seconds, and If Scan off back and restarting Scan the and the Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the to Network then the button. (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the to Network then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the to Network then the the option selected as the Timeout the Scan enough to You to the firewall and software wireless router or With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and correction and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Network Related topics Scanning these copying with Product Nothing Product It While topic:
Product Nothing Product It While If nothing these to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. If the the software correctly. topic: Copying Related Head Head Cleaning This topic: Copying these sections with the the Product the Ejection topic: If feeding these the the the If correctly, and the and the the the the the If once, the the to the and
the than the recommended of the specifications If when both of the follow these smooth, high-quality that curled, creased, too thin, or too thick. the with punched Follow instructions that with the topic: Related Loading Capacity the the Product the Specifications Related Loading If that the follow the the necessary.
the Product the then the the the as Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the Product the If that the follow the the necessary.
the and the white the the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the
the the If that the follow the the necessary. Press the buttons to release the and the from from the from the
the and from the Follow the the LCD to clear If the other topic: Related the the Product
Ejection from Nothing Prints If with ejecting properly, these If the to the Select the when If when it or too thin. and to the type when topic: Related or Specifications Related Product Loading these sections while from using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Nothing Prints Product Not Appear Cartridge topic: If and nothing these interface connected securely both If connected to USB first-tier If directly to instead of the
Product Not Appear to If the to software correctly. selected as the clear from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and topic: from Related Product If the first restarting If that this of the following: to the Apps and and Sound and Click and and Click and and Sound XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click Preferences and necessary.
Cartridge Click the Click the button. Select EPSON then OK Click the Preferences Click the the option that the shortcut to the Click OK to the topic: from If light or follow these the head the (The should beneath the the If the head the follow the instructions this to and the to the its Complete the topic: from Related Removing and Cartridges If becomes these the operating If high- than the If necessary, increase memory. If the Devices and turned off. Clear or to free existing when If connected to USB it directly to instead.
and If becomes continuously the to the from overheating or becoming the with the then the the following software: the type matches the type of loaded. Turn high software. Select the increased Click the and the following RAW Datatype as topic: from Related OS or Related Selecting Selecting these sections with the or of using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple Inverted Too Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints
Inverted Too Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Printout topic: If inverted unexpectedly, these Turn off or inversion Turn off the or software. (This option operating these options when Iron-on Cool topic: and Related Selecting Additional and that the or software topic: and If unexpectedly, these selected the and software. If and to the software. head to of the clogged. Then the head, necessary. selected as the topic: and
Incorrect Margins Printout Appears Prints Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting If incorrect try these selected the and software. selected the correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting If these type and selected the software. OS selected the or with option software. the to the amount of the of the and the correctly; the the enough to cover the topic: and
Incorrect Characters Incorrect or Related Selecting If incorrect characters appear these reprinting: securely connected both from the to the Apps and and Sound Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the click and Click and Devices and Right-click what's and necessary. Right-click the and Click and Click and Sound right-click and Right the and XP Click and and the and Other necessary, and and Right-click right-click the and If connected to USB directly to instead. If incorrect characters appear connecting topic: and If the or the these selected the and and software. correctly feeding the You the option software to topic: and Related Selecting
Printout Quality Loading If these the the of the Select higher software. Turn off high software. the head. the while or topic: and Related Head Related Selecting these sections with using AirPrint, the from those covered this the Apple White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout Printout or Printout Printout Incorrect Colors topic:
White or Printout Blurry or Smeared Printout If white or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the type matches the type of loaded. the of the correctly Turn off high software. the head. You to the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Selecting Additional and Loading Related topics Cartridges If or smeared, try these curled, or incorrectly with or the to and absorption of the type software matches the type of loaded. each from the as printed.
Printout or Printout right to allow the to Turn off high software. If both of of appear the of heavily or If of or that first. the and/or Increased Drying to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. the head. Clean the path. properly while that the of the topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Specifications Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Selecting Cleaning the Path Loading If or these to of the head clogged. Then clean the head, necessary. The or and to them. curled, or incorrectly
Printout the head. Clean the path. topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related or Related Cleaning the Path Loading Related topics Cartridges If try these the of the correctly Select higher and off high software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. the head. You to increase the or software from the and high If the to increase the to high quality. Increase the the amount increased the the inch) and the the to
Incorrect Colors Higher which to and the of when selecting and the lowest that to topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Head Related Selecting Selecting Additional and If incorrect these the Black/Grayscale or selected software. to of the head clogged. Then the head, necessary. exactly match on-screen to as as the options software. and topic: Quality Related Head Head Cleaning Related Selecting Selecting Additional and Related topics Cartridges
Scanning Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan these scanning with Scanning Software Not Correctly Scan topic: If software correctly, these memory and the operating power-saving such as or If and software. If operating software, With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related to Uninstall Product Software Related references OS Related Scanning with OS If Scan, these turned and interface securely both Scan selected
Scanned Quality power-saving such as or If and Scan. the and the using Scan to the Apps and EPSON Scan the selected, then the (other Click or or EPSON EPSON Scan EPSON Scan the selected, then the OS the Applications Software and EPSON Scan the selected, then the of Scan If both and If operating Scan, try With OS X, to with and Scan software. Scan and photo correction features and interface OCR software. To Scan, U.S. or topic: Scanning Related Scanning with OS Related topics Starting Scan these sections Consists of of Appears Scanned Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too
Consists of of Appears Scanned of Appears Scanned Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Scan Scanned Edges Cropped topic: If consists of these facing the If using the Scan Black White the Threshold and topic: Scanned Quality Related references Office Professional Related the If of appears the with lint-free cloth or amount of the cloth, necessary. recommended. directly the topic: Scanned Quality Related Cleaning Product
Straight Appear Distorted or Blurry Colors Patchy the Edges Too If straight appear crooked to straight when topic: Scanned Quality Related the If appears or try these or warped. This the from the or scanning. properly while that the of the these Scan and scanning the Unsharp the Increase the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If thick or cover its with to light as topic: Scanned Quality If too these these Scan and
of Appears Scanned Ripple Appear Scanned Colors Not Match Colors Brightness the brightness and of topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If from the back of thin appears of the back of the and topic: Scanned Quality You of This caused interference from pitches the and halftone To reduce this these Scan and the Select topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan Printed exactly match the and RGB (red, and and typically CMYK and the matching and of and the software to they affecting the of To the these Scan and the and with of the the Correction
Scan Not Scanned Edges Cropped Memory Card the topic: Scanned Quality Related topics Selecting Scan If the while Scan, these and as necessary. Switch to Normal and topic: Scanned Quality Related Related Selecting Scan Selecting Scan Office Selecting Scan Professional If the of cropped, correctly scanning. If necessary, from the of the slightly. topic: Scanned Quality Related the these memory with Memory Card Not or from Memory Card or To or From Memory Card or topic:
Memory Card Not or from Memory Card or To or From Memory Card or If memory properly force You to with memory topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Related Memory Card If or from memory or USB try these memory or with the the memory or the If too memory or the or prompted to of the of or of the specifications the of topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related Memory Card If to or from memory or USB try these memory or with the securely connected to If to memory the memory write-protect to to allow writing to the
to Uninstall Product Software Uninstalling Product Software that the correctly. topic: Memory Card Related Memory Card Memory Card Specifications Related topics Memory Card If that to and software, follow the instructions operating Uninstalling Product Software Uninstalling Product Software OS topic: You and then software to Turn off the Disconnect interface of the following: to the Apps and and the option then Uninstall/Change If Account or Select necessary, then OK and to the (other Click or and or Select EPSON then EPSON Software Uninstall If Account or the and OK Then follow on-screen instructions.
Uninstalling Product Software OS of the following to then follow on-screen instructions: Select and Uninstall the Select and and Uninstall Select and Uninstall/Change XP the Double-click or Select and Change/Remove of the following to Scan, then follow on-screen instructions: Select EPSON Scan and Uninstall/Change XP Select EPSON Scan and Change/Remove then the to software. If that software topic: to Uninstall Product Software to software the from the to software as If that software To the the U.S. or Follow the instructions the to the currently Double-click the Select the each software to Click Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. To software, the instructions.
Where to If the and the Scan or and the to topic: to Uninstall Product Software If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to You and and troubleshooting or with to please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase of the Then U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. Purchase and You purchase and epson.com/ink3 (U.S. or You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON topic:
Technical Specifications These sections the technical specifications offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products OS Scanning Specifications Specifications Printable Specifications Cartridge Specifications Memory Card Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications To and its software, should of these Microsoft operating XP Professional Edition XP SP3 (U.S.) or the and
OS Scanning Specifications topic: Technical Specifications To and its software, should of these operating OS OS OS OS (U.S.) or the and topic: Technical Specifications type Photoelectric CIS inches Scanning US or A4
Specifications Specifications Color: Light LED topic: Specifications the of or type of the the of or type of of purchasing or topic: Technical Specifications the shown to the internal Black-and-white: internal to Envelope to
Margin: inch Quality inch Quality inch Quality inch Quality inch
Cartridge Specifications Left/right inch Top/bottom inch Quality inch Quality inch topic: Technical Specifications that and them. The of other products and The included with the and the based printed, type, of and amount of the the Cartridge months Unopened the the
Memory Card Specifications to F to C) within months of the topic: Technical Specifications Related Purchase Cartridges Cards with using Compatible types/Maximum 2GB 32GB type, type and 5V); topic: Technical Specifications month F C) F C) thaws and hours F C) 2GB 32GB 64GB SD: 2GB SDHC: 32GB SDXC: 64GB
Specifications Specifications Specifications Height inches inches inches (without or cord) topic: Technical Specifications rating to Rated Rated copying: Approximately (ISO/IEC24712) (USB Ready Approximately topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) inches inches inches Approximately off Approximately to F to C) month F C)
Interface Specifications Network Interface Specifications and Specifications to RH (without to RH topic: Technical Specifications One USB topic: Technical Specifications IEEE Security WEP Coordination Security SSL/TLS: HTTPS IPPS topic: Technical Specifications United States Safety: UL60950-1 WPA-PSK (AES); with WPA2 with WPA/WPA2 IEEE Direct IEEE AP with EMC: FCC
Safety: CAN/CSA C22.2 This the following wireless Corporation. WLU6320-D69 (RoHS) This conforms to of FCC and RSS-210 of the IC responsibility to the protection from of the to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation of the To interference to the service, this to operated and from to shielding. (or its that to licensing. topic: Technical Specifications EMC: CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Class
Notices Product Instructions these sections about offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products Product Instructions FCC Software Notice Copyright Notice to follow and instructions the the type of indicated the the that with the of another fires or shock. the with other the where the easily the outlet the as or that switches and off, or outlet switch or the become or to and top of and allow to or to the straight each If with the the rating of the the the cord's Also, the rating of the outlet the off the the and the light flashing the or off to the If using the the from the the that its It properly or
Allow the the and the that the cover. enough front of the the to ejected. locations that to heat or humidity, or or or the the heat or sunlight. enough around the or the or through the the from of interference, such as or the of telephones. connecting the to or other with the of the the both connected the the white the the head hand; this the the or the with that or around the Doing fire. too the when the section while the copying, scanning, or other to when closing the cover or as specifically to service the yourself. the and servicing to service the following the or the the or the the normally or performance. those that covered the operating instructions. the Removing the the head and the from the that the head the right) and the
Cartridge Instructions or the its or otherwise Cartridge Instructions LCD Instructions Instructions topic: Notices of the reach of and the when there around the supply If off with and If them immediately with the or immediately Leaving the head and the from or tear the the this the from the of the This the to become the the of the when from the the IC the of the This operation. their this them to If the supply from and and the as the that there the supply covers or unnecessary, to the from items that the touches. the supply or surrounding the its package. This the head. cool, from allow to least three hours with their facing upward. topic: Product Instructions
LCD Instructions Instructions FCC cloth to the LCD or cleansers. If the LCD If the them thoroughly with and If the them immediately with If or thorough flushing, immediately. too the LCD or such as or to the LCD topic: Product Instructions waves from this the operation of or such as or fire this such or facility, follow the from authorized the facility, and follow and the to causing topic: Product Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
Software Notice WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices This includes software to the of each software the of of such software years the of of this If to the please the of You with the terms of each software The software WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the of each software which the The of each software the topic: Notices EPSON and EPSON and TM of Corporation. SM service of Inc. TM and TM of Corporation. iPhone, and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other and the of Apple Inc.
Copyright Notice Software Acknowledgment Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation from interference that from the of interface other than those as Products Corporation. This information to without Software Acknowledgment Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution topic: Notices Copyright
Concerning of Copyrighted Products Copyright Attribution Copyright Graphics, Inc. to and this software and its without fee, that (I) the copyright and this appear of the software and related and the of and Graphics or publicity relating to the software without the written of and Graphics. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. topic: Copyright Notice each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This of This to that the of efficiency. More achieved the to to topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-41235R2 topic: Copyright Notice