Thank purchasing ST Continuous and to with products ST Continuous to without to the those Please ST Continuous the ST CIS and ready to (to the of heads). the ST CIS The ST CIS to properly the previously clogged. people the first the ST Continuous others to or three cleaning or the while they the CIS C Arm Instruction CD inspection whether the ready. whether there's of CIS whether from CISS. If there please to the C whether there the If the of than please the head or testing: whether the mechanical testing to the head to whether the CIS R2400
Procedures: First the CISS the the of of the the from the as the thicker the shown. the Press the to the to the which ready to the the Source. off the cover: the the the cover to then the screwdriver the which the and the right of the cover. screw the screwdriver clockwise the right of the cover from the the then the cover The fourth the Cartridges
the ,then each to the the every the the back and the as ,then the to the right The fifth the the the the from the of the the the the as the Rip the the shortest the right of the to the as the The sixth
the the finished the the and the there and when the with there's of to the thoroughly to the The The this The the the to whether the The ninth Checking the head
OK Everything You If this the head this item If there please head. It that the the head. If specially to repeatedly to clean. the about hour, If testing, please to with Procedure: If the light flashing when that to the the please off the about and turn this the then Please to the the the below 1CM as the shown, please to bottles. the from the holes.(there of to the supply. Then the back Please the and the the the of the cover please
First the of cover correctly, second, the other of the cover the of the and the of the Then the right of the cover to to the to the CISS including the and other Then from and the Please to 8.Notice: Please the CIS the bottles the with the to least inch of the bottles, as to of and the Dont the Bottles higher or than the To and to sunlight. Dont the supply or the Please the and tightly the the Dont the frequently. It Dont the of and tear off the of 9.Warning: reach of to sunshine and high or and