AT With Chips Continuous Instruction of the Flow with Cartridges and Chips. You to the bottles and The whole easy. Its really effective to money.
Thank purchasing AT Continuous and to with products AT Continuous to without to the those Please AT Continuous the AT CIS and ready to (to the of heads). the AT CIS The AT CIS to properly the previously clogged. people the first the AT Continuous others to or three cleaning or the while they the CIS C Arm Instruction CD inspection whether the ready. whether there's of CIS whether from CISS. If there please to the C whether there the If the of than please the head or testing: whether the mechanical testing to the head to whether the Procedures: CIS CX4200
First the CISS the the of of the the from the as the thicker the shown. the the to the the the the the cover to then the screwdriver the which the and the right of the cover. screw the screwdriver clockwise the right of the cover from the the then the to the which Source ready to the
The third the Cartridges the ,then each to the the every the The fourth the from the of the The fifth the the The sixth the which the the and the there and when the with there's of to the thoroughly to the Rip the the as the from the and the
The The this The seventh the the the the to as the whether the uphold the cover. The eighth Checking the head Normal head this item If there please head. It that the the head. If specially to repeatedly to clean. the about hour, it If testing, please to with Procedure:
If the light flashing when that to the the please off the about and this the then Please to the the the below 1CM as the shown, please to bottles. the from the holes.(there of to the supply. Then the back Please the and the the the of the cover First the of cover correctly, second, the other of the cover the of the and the of the Then the right of the cover to to the to the CISS including the and other Then
from and the Please to 8.Notice: Please the CIS the bottles the with the to least inch of the bottles, as to of and the Dont the Bottles higher or than the To and to sunlight. Dont the supply or the Please the and closed tightly the the Dont the frequently. It Dont the of and tear off the of 9.Warning: Not reach of to sunshine and high or and