EPSON Sheet of The Substance/Preparation and of The Company/Undertaking of the Cartridge T6244 of the Manufacturer/Distributor: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION JAPAN TEL: FAX: Prepared: Revised: 9AM-5PM JST) Emergency telephone: Emergency that or throat irritation, and that effects anesthesia, flash, when high with or clothing. the of with and of reach of Health Effects: with Section Toxicology. with irritation. Section Toxicology. Inhalation: to and anesthesia. Section Toxicology Section Ingestion: Composition/Information This formulation MSDS T6244 of Release CAS Synthetic ether Gamma-butyrolactone ether Additives
EPSON First Measures Immediately with and least with and clothing rewearing. physician Inhalation: to fresh If breathing, right If breathing Ingestion: and to Fighting Measures Combustible Communication (HCS, U.S.A). Section Extinguishing Water or, Fighting Instructions: Extinguish to fire fighting or protection wear without of fire fighting the Release Measures the of the the from periphery of the of the sufficiently of of house. If to then with cloth. cleaning closed of to the with and and fire protection wear that conductivity of of reach of and insertion housing. the high or of sunlight. with or Not and Protection Occupational ether (CAS California (California of Regulations, Section Airborne The 8-Hour TWA The 8-Hour TWA protection Not as the the protection Not as the the protection as the the protection MSDS T6244 of Release
EPSON Not as the the Not established Physical and Chemical of Formulation information Appearance: Yellow Slightly health, and information Not about 71C as Gamma-butyrolactone density: Greater than Relative density: Solubility Soluble Solubility Viscosity: Other information Not specified and Reactivity Stable Conditions to High and to and products: Toxicology and Health *Based toxicology of chemically inhalation, and oral Health of to irritating of to and people and inhalation overexposure to tract and anesthesia or oral ingestion Chronic Health known Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Mugtagenicity: Carcinogenicity: Not IARC (1,2A and 2B) MSDS T6244 of Release
EPSON LD LD LC Toxicity Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Information Ecotoxicity the of this the the effects of this the and the of this the the effects of this the Other Considerations should with and Transportation Information UN Class/UN Not Considerations US Regulation: TSCA Section Not TSCA Section Information Not TSCA Section Inventory to Action TSCA EPA Instructions, B) Not TSCA Section One-Time Not California Not EU Information and to 1999/45/EC: This the as Other Information This health, and information. It precautionary or and information which the The information to the of should as It to from to EPSON warrant the or of the information MSDS T6244 of Release Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC