EPSON and Corporate Product Cartridge S050192 with CX11N and CX11NF Manufacturer/Distributor: America, Inc. Airport CA United States TEL: FAX: The EPSON S050192 Cartridge Information formulation Emergency that with or clothing. the of with and of reach of Health Effects: with Section Toxicology. with irritation, or redness. It expected to reaction. Section Toxicology. Inhalation: to toner Section Toxicology MSDS S050192 (USA) of Release CAS Styrene/acrylate copolymer resin Amorphous Black
EPSON Section Toxicology Ingestion: First Measures Immediately with least with and clothing rewearing. Inhalation: to fresh physician or cough Ingestion: mouth with to Fighting than C (closed with ASTM D3278) Extinguishing or Fighting Instructions: fire fighting other than breathing known. Release Measures off If to then with cloth. of to the or protection toner with and Precautions and of reach of and cool, and with insertion housing. and Protection when as when as ACGIH TLV Protection: when as MSDS S050192 (USA) of Release
EPSON Physical and Chemical of Formulation Appearance: Organically Not Not C C (CC) C Not C Relative Solubility Viscosity: than and Reactivity Stable polymerization: products: Incompatible and Toxicology and Health inhalation, and oral Health of to toner irritating of to toner and people and or inhalation overexposure to toner tract or oral ingestion Chronic Health of this as inhalation of inhalation with chronically to typical to of of the high and to of noted of the the reported the lowest the to Carcinogenicity: With as However, as within this toner to of found. IARC, the International Agency Research Cancer, found to as LD50 LD50 LC50 OSHA Regulated? Toxicity Not Established MSDS S050192 (USA) of Release
EPSON Information Toxicity: LC (practically non-toxic) EC (practically non-toxic) Considerations Used and RCRA should with and Transportation Information Not as DOT, IMO, or IATA Considerations U.S. DOT Class Regulated? NO U.S. OSHA NO U.S., NFPA/HMIS Health Instability/Reactivity Other Other Information This MSDS to U.S. and and the other locations. This Sheet which U.S. MSDS this This health, and information. It precautionary or and information which the The information to the of should only as EPSON warrant the or of the information It to from to MSDS S050192 (USA) of Release