rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This with protection. The property rights to the of this protection the of and others. employing this from the Company. The authorize the of this of including disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited. This and the features to without and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without Inc. Copyright Notice
lightweight that high-quality, anywhere and DVD, or offers these features: Flexibility to (or from to from or DVD of to with aspect ratio to ANSI of brightness, enough HDMI interface connecting high-end DVD with and DTS with DTS surround sound Long-life to of Two-year service warranty and Warranty with two-year carry-in warranty. offers free Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight Service to You the CD that the products, and service. SM
Optional these and optional the Product (ELPLP43) V13H010L43 (ELPAF15) V13H134A15 security ELPSL01 and these and other optional wall-mountable www.epson.com/homeentertainment Ceiling-mountable You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca About This the to and This information using the features of troubleshooting and specifications. Please follow these as through the followed to injury. to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with If the service. and the PIN the that with
and Remote Headphone USB Interface cover Press to Welcome HDMI input Service Computer/ cover release Security foot Remote
Top or light warning light Turn or off from or right back cover to Turn or off
Remote from lighting Turn off or Turn or off Function/numerics DVD switch The buttons the to light and light Access DVD features
Follow the instructions this section to choose location, DVD and playback. Choosing Location You about anywherein the or You with optional or ceiling-mounted or white The following four To choose white with smooth to coating the with to the Wall and Projection
to directly front of the or to straight to the If the too too high, or off to the the to the instructions). The farther from the or the the The following the (measured that the affects aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to
these the the within of or cord. than Wall and Projection To of or optional follow the this section. Wall You easily high white There or involved, and and the to that fits To the further, to the with that specially reflectivity and Projection If or These coatings with reflective that brightness, and sharpness as as around the Projection mounting and as below. Considering and theater DVD HDTV broadcasts, or other contentthe ratio where the the DVD and HDTV broadcasts the vertically and The from to inches
which and TV broadcasts. Watching DVD or HDTV broadcasts ratio the and and below the to inches (the height as 80-inch such as (approximately as Considering Mounting wall-mounted, or ceiling-mounted. these characteristics as choose which type would Screen mounting Characteristics Wall-mounted Typically permanently Ceiling-mounted Typically permanently to factors Considering and Quality theater white or of high increase the of with light the light and the If theater with walls, and than white usually typical or family with reflected light, and Can locations Can of the wall-mountable Can of the as artwork Can partially of the recessed the and completely Can manually or and Can and around and Usually of inflatable or
Screen the reflectivity of light reflective measured as rates, with as the reflectivity of white board. Highly reflective the brightness enough theater and the appear to from theater with surroundings and with than where the light or light, to with than to the brightness. the and to If the too too high, or off to the the to its The the both and the amount. the the then the to the right or the Left/right
the to reduce or the If the high enough, the and If rotated that the from the the as shown: rotating the top section, both to turn the apply force, as this the to the If using without rotating the top section and to the
If the its the the to the the to the To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the the switch the to the
the Sound To the the or buttons the or You the the to temporarily turn off the sound. You the buttons the or the to fast-forward, or replay sections of or You items DVD the DVD titles. Each title of CDs and CDs tracks. There three to or with To or CD or MP3 track, the or the To the or the To and the the or To the or the To and light the or temporarily or the or
To Pressing of the following buttons or the off and the screen the off, and to the to Searching or To or through or CD, or the You and or the the the search (or shuttle) increases. To to Motion You or motion Press the Press repeatedly to the Press or to or motion. Each the the Press to to To to the chapter or track, the or To to the of the chapter or track, the or or Press to the to or the and buttons to around the necessary.
DVD top and include that To or To items or Then necessary. You title or chapter If to the buttons, to the switch the to the the switch, the the through To the then To the then To the then to the Temporarily or To temporarily the soundtrack (from the built-in or headphones), The to Press to To temporarily the off the and the The soundtrack to Press to the You to based the lighting the Press The currently selected displayed the Press repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the You from the following with bright light.
with the or closed. Theatre: with the or closed and the lights off; the tones. Theatre completely the tones. with high-speed bright the Sound and You switch sound and surround sound and from the type of (or To the sound the the You the the To switch and VS To the You the the to the Concert Action or CDs, the and
with Headphones headphones as shown below: headphones, hear sound from the built-in the to the headphones using the or Warning: the too high, when first the headphones. to high sounds hearing. high headphones.
with Other You of and to to further and such as TV, VCR, DVR, or TV receiver, or photo or other that USB containing or Optional subwoofer bass tones input such as or other MP3 to through such as AV or Surround Sound to from or to anything or hear through from You to that HDMI, or To from these to white and to and inputs. HDMI the through the HDMI If both and higher from of including and sound You which included with or purchased from connecting, turned off. the as shown the following with Other
connecting TV, VCR, or DVD or TV or DVR, or or VCR, DVD or with Other White White
HDMI HD or TV receiver, HD DVR, or HD connecting or TV receiver, DVR, or RCA HDMI with Other
to follow these to the cords and the the cover and the or the Press the button or the the the or up-arrow to the then If the HDMI HDMI Turn the to the connected then the or Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the and Normal or the aspect, the the the switch the to the with Other
Connecting USB You USB such as or memory containing memory You or or the following of USB MP3 WMA JPEG the or other to the USB as shown below. automatically. finished, the from the USB instructions MP3, WMA, JPEG, or the then it the with Other
You to bass sound and other with the RCA as shown below. the instructions included with the information. and the Turn the of the subwoofer the sound. or other the instructions included with the subwoofer information. You the or and of other as and with Other RCA
Through You to receiver, amplifier, Surround Sound or recorder. To sound from the to input You which with or purchased from the turned off, then the as shown: Turn and or other with sound from You to the the Select or PCM to that with PCM. information, You of as and included) with Other
Connecting or You to or to or or or anything and hear You to and RCA (2-RCA to You purchase these from connecting, turned off. the or as shown. the cords and the the and the or the Press the or the the the or up-arrow to PC then Turn the to the connected or Switch the the or to or both and the Usually this function to through choices; instructions. with Other White RCA
If both the and to the to instructions. Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the aspect, the the and Normal or the switch the to the with Other
Doing More with Follow the instructions this section to and advanced and features. and and You CDs and CDs or USB with MP3, WMA, and You JPEG CDs or USB CDs To CD, the You of the playback features, including and to the or previous track. instructions. You using the buttons, as To the buttons, to the switch the to the To the when Press to the off. CDs, the usually off automatically. Doing More with
MP3/WMA or You MP3 or WMA and CDs, or USB information the of that supported. or USB that MP3, WMA, and/or of and/or Press or to or To to the or or Press or to the selected or finished the the automatically. To off the when To the back MP3 or WMA through the of the highlight the You the to the displayed. instructions. Doing More with
JPEG or USB that JPEG photo displayed slideshow. If of and/or and Press or to or then to the To or To the slideshow and thumbnail To the or of thumbnails, or To the of the and If or USB includes both and JPEG slideshow with To the of Select the and to Select the JPEG and to the slideshow. Doing More with
Advanced Playback advanced or and selecting titles, or tracks. On that include or the easy to these features. Repeating Chapter, Track, or You chapter or title DVD to continuously (or You CD or MP3, WMA, JPEG, or To chapter, title, or track, You the screen indicating the selected option. Press to through the options repeating. On DVD, chapter or title or On or CD, or or MP3, WMA, JPEG, and or To displayed the the You CD or chapters and DVD. to the CD or DVD. Press You the which allows to playback the switch the to the Doing with
the buttons to the to chapters, titles, or tracks). Press or to the If than chapters or tracks, or to the or previous Next or Previous the and To or chapter and To the the and To the and the switch the back to the To the To playback, and Selecting and and allow to or from or If these the the to them. Press the the To the of the To You choice of or To Press the repeatedly to the option You the information as of Doing with
the Information You the playback and while DVD, or CD, or Press You information the following below the projected Press or to the item to and Select the and You the title, chapter, or the as To the buttons, to the switch the to the from the title, chapter, track, or selected. CDs with (PBC) CD with playback (PBC), the following: To the item to or or the switch the to the then the buttons as To the or or when the displayed. To the playback, repeatedly the displayed. Doing More with
To the function, follow these Press to the Press or and to of the following (each displays or Track the first or seconds of each the and the first or seconds of each Track each and the first or seconds of each To to the and To the and Select the track to the arrow and Doing More with
You access, the sound, and other of of these the or the You to to children from them. locked, to the DVD to Press to the Press the the You the Press the Others Press to highlight then to the Press to then Press to highlight then to Press to New the switch the to the then the buttons. The first to the first, then the the Confirm PWD using the buttons. Press to Once to the CD or DVD. If the to the Others Doing More with
Press to the the the You the the to from turning and the (You using the to of reach.) You to holding the the least seconds. Warning: allow children or to the when turned The bright light that their Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Child Press Press or to On then Press to the You to the to The off when DVD than You to off while while To the to from the following SLEEP OFF: The switches off of inactivity SLEEP The switches off the of specified, whether or You from to Doing More with
the the turn off. You the to the that allow to this selection. Press the the You the Press to highlight the then to the of OSD the Other the DVD or Press to the then to of To the Quality You the the to the brightness, tint, sharpness, and other that quality. Press the You the Press to Press the option to More with
You the following items and Brightness NTSC Sharpness this switch to or the appears when This Press or to increase or the Press to the the Others The Others including CD options, and MP3/WMA/JPEG You services and to their Press the Press to the Others Press to highlight the then to or the option. Press to the option then to You choose from the following: the when than Select to off this PBC: o off playback when CDs. You the from to or VOD Select this to This allows to purchase or through services www.divx.com/vod (and them MP3/JPEG or USB that MP3, WMA, JPEG, or normally showing the and Select Without to the (the or slideshow automatically). Doing More with
Press and to to their factory the and hours). instructions locking instructions locking To the You with or recorded Press the the You the to the Press Press to highlight or Night then to You the following to connected to the Night Turn this DVD Press to the to change, then to To the You the to the and other Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Press the option to Doing More with
You the following items: Normally, this to when If appears or interference, the Child Turn this to the the information. High Turn this to that overheat. Press or to the Press to the Information and the You the Info the to the of hours the used, and to the You information and that Press the You the Press to highlight Info then to the and other information. If the than hours, 0H displayed. To the the Press to Doing More with
Caring The to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: clean of off and the cord. of as this the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and If another replacing, or servicer Follow the instructions this section to the and and the the and or Protecting The anywhere home. and its should to heat or sunlight, or of with typical please of to and other factors which to internal the warranty the the of Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the with Caring
Cleaning the clean the turn off and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and the cloth as as then the thinner, or other These the cleaners directly Cleaning and the Clean the and when builds or when the following The overheating. nothing the and or the clogs which overheating and Press the to off and the and other office to clean the as shown. If the or to You purchase V13H134A15) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
If to or the the and off the cover. the and the the cover.
the The of the to You the as If the shown to the Turn off this when to the of the Its to the when: The or to The light flashes The the appears the when If to the the the to You purchase V13H010L43) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the instructions the the Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. If the cool least hour. Warning: the cool If the the to injury. light
the screwdriver that with the the cover release to release the cover. the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Caring
Gently the and tighten its screws. Dont the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the assembly. To the cover, the and then the cover the cover the to the as the section. the the and the to Press the You the Press to highlight Info then to Press You the following the Select and to the The displays hours) the least hours.
Follow these when the and of the within the recommended the to F to C) and to relative without ejected. the cover and the the from the its or (as the following section). Transporting incurred and If to follow these to repairs, the If the of cushioning around the of and that If from internally or the To that might caused approximately hour If off the then hour or hand-carrying ejected, the cover closed, and the retracted. as shown below. the top section to the interface cover while carrying Caring
This section to lights, and technical What To the Lights The lights top of its and when If lights off, the connected correctly. The light Press the to The On light flashing the to appear. The light flashing cooling the light flashing The flashing Press the to to operation.
The light and the light Press the or to the back The warning light flashing High-speed cooling process. If too automatically. least inches from the Clean or the If High The warning light flashing or red. The to replaced. The flashing and and the warning light red. too and turned off the least inches from the Clean or the If High the light to the If the then and The flashing and and the light flashing red. The incorrectly the or the Turn off the and the If the or the lights to the back and The flashing and and the warning light flashing red. with its or then and
The flashing and and both lights flashing red. internal or then the then and If the lights to flash, and turn the securely attached both If the off the cord, and the If the On light flashing the to appear, which the Child off of The off when than Press the to instructions the appears the turned (the light If the On light flashing to the cover The off the the to its Press the or the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. the the DVD
the warning light. If flashing or red, to the The off the than If the The DVD than This or scratches. the to the there the DVD. The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other functions of these buttons. within of and within of its front or back or right, and or below). You to the theyre with the and positioned as shown the of the If using might with third-party and Sound The or of the the instructions. the cover off. There the Clean the as the If from hour If and hour or
the from the than and farther than the Sharpness If the that You to the to reduce the amount of correction to the the to the If the The too light or too Press the the to the the Brightness and If the than to, to the The the right. Press the the to the the or If the The the top or to or the causing to become the or buttons the to the height the top and of the it and then the to the You to this and The the or right to the the the to the There sound, or the sound enough. the or the
Press the the to the sound hasnt turned off temporarily. If connected the and white to If to the the There with the sound the the and the sound If to the the There sound from optional subwoofer. to the to the optional switch turned the the the appear. The DVD might include the to OFF You cant the DVD. The DVD might include
with appears the the turned Press the or the Press the or the to than You You the the turned connected correctly Press the or the to the Allow seconds to You the supported. Press the the and the The off (too or too Press the the and the aspect The distorted. If interference the the and The right. Press the the and the Press the the to the the or
Where To these technical services: U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the If with optional the information included the with the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.7 to to Brightness to (ANSI) ratio to to inches to Projection to ratio vertically, aspect ratio Native DVD Unit II, DTS Surround DVD DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, DVD-ROM, DVD CD-R/RW, CD-ROM, DVD-VR (without CPRM), CD, CD, CD, MP3 (CD/DVD), WMA (CD/DVD), JPEG, (CD/DVD), (CD/DVD), specifications. to correction to to HDMI Specifications
Remote AA UHE High Efficiency) ELPLP43/ V13H010L43 hours hours Theatre Black selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Height inches inches inches Rated to VAC Rated off: to F to C) without to F to C) without to RH, to RH, to Specifications
and United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible Normal aspect aspect aspect TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Normal aspect aspect aspect SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Specifications
HDMI Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA60 SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV The the Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA SVGA56/60/72/75/85/, XGA60/70/75/85, WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA60/75/85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 that include VGA Specifications
Specifications MP3, WMA, and JPG that to the following specifications: ISO9660 or that recorded the write [UDF] read.) characters only, with or count to Track count to MP3: to WMA: to to of to recorded WAV and MPG supported. JPEG created and conforming to the DCF Motion JPEG supported. such as supported. DNX ICs this Specifications
Scottish Georgian Amharic Sotho; Southern Marathi South Marshallese North South (International) Interlingue Irish Northern North Island) Corsican Wolof English Luxembourgish; Shona Specifications