EPSON of The Substance/Preparation and of The of the Cartridge T6248 of the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION JAPAN TEL: FAX: Prepared: Revised: 9AM-5PM JST) Emergency telephone: Emergency that or throat and that anesthesia, flash, when high with or clothing. the of with and of reach of Health Effects: with Section Toxicology. with irritation. Section Toxicology. Inhalation: to and anesthesia. Section Section Toxicology Ingestion: Composition/Information This formulation MSDS T6248 of Release CAS Synthetic ether Gamma-butyrolactone ether Additives
EPSON First Measures Immediately with and least with and clothing rewearing. physician to If breathing, right If breathing Ingestion: and to Fighting Combustible Communication (HCS, U.S.A). Section Extinguishing Water or, Fighting Extinguish to fire fighting or protection wear without of fire fighting the Release Measures the of the the from periphery of the of the sufficiently of of house. If to wipe-up then with cloth. cleaning closed of to the with and and fire protection wear that conductivity of of reach of children and insertion housing. the high or of sunlight. with or specified and Protection Occupational ether (CAS California (California of Regulations, Section Airborne The 8-Hour TWA The 8-Hour TWA protection Not as the the protection Not as the the protection Not as the the protection MSDS T6248 of Release
EPSON Not as the the Not established Physical and Chemical of Formulation information Appearance: Slightly health, and information about 71C (Closed as Gamma-butyrolactone Greater than Relative Solubility Soluble Solubility Viscosity: Other information Not and Reactivity Stable polymerization Conditions to High and to and products: Toxicology and Health *Based toxicology of chemically inhalation, and oral Health of to of to and people and inhalation overexposure to tract and anesthesia or oral ingestion Chronic Health known Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Mugtagenicity: Carcinogenicity: Not IARC (1,2A and 2B) MSDS T6248 of Release
EPSON LD LD LC Toxicity Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC Information the of this the Ecotoxicity the of this the and the of this the the effects of this the Other effects Considerations should with and Transportation Information UN Class/UN Considerations US Regulation: TSCA Section Not TSCA Section Information Not TSCA Section Inventory to Action TSCA EPA B) Not TSCA Section One-Time Not California Not EU Information and to 1999/45/EC: This the as Other Information This health, and information. It precautionary or and information which the The information to the of should only as It to from to EPSON warrant the or of the information MSDS T6248 of Release Not the to EU Directive 1999/45/EC