EPSON of The Substance/Preparation and of The Company/Undertaking of the Cartridge T6241 of the Manufacturer/Distributor: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: JAPAN TEL: FAX: Prepared: Revised: 9AM-5PM JST) Emergency telephone: Emergency that or throat irritation, and that anesthesia, flash, when high with or clothing. the of with and of reach of Health Effects: with Section Toxicology. with irritation. Section Toxicology. Inhalation: to and anesthesia. Section Toxicology Section Toxicology Ingestion: Composition/Information This formulation MSDS T6241 of Release CAS Black Synthetic ether Gamma-butyrolactone ether ether Additives
EPSON Measures Immediately with and least with and clothing rewearing. physician to fresh If breathing, right If breathing Ingestion: and to Fighting Measures Combustible Communication (HCS, U.S.A). Section Extinguishing Water or, Fighting Extinguish to fire fighting or protection wear without of fire fighting the Release Measures the of the the from periphery of the of the sufficiently of of house. If to wipe-up then with cloth. cleaning closed of to the with and and fire protection wear that conductivity of of reach of and insertion housing. the high or of sunlight. with or Not specified and Protection Occupational ether (CAS California (California of Regulations, Section Airborne The 8-Hour TWA The 8-Hour TWA Respiratory protection Not as the the protection as the the protection Not as the the protection MSDS T6241 of Release
EPSON as the the Not established Physical and Chemical of Formulation information Appearance: Black Slightly health, and information Not about 71C (Closed as Gamma-butyrolactone Greater than Relative Solubility Soluble Viscosity: Other information Not specified and Reactivity Stable polymerization Conditions to High and to and products: and Health *Based toxicology of chemically inhalation, and oral Health of to irritating of to and people and inhalation overexposure to tract and anesthesia or oral ingestion Chronic Health known Negative Mugtagenicity: Carcinogenicity: With as as within this to of MSDS T6241 of Release
EPSON found. IARC, the International Agency Research Cancer, found to as as LD LD LC Toxicity OECD OECD (LLNA, OECD Information the effects of this the Ecotoxicity the effects of this the and the of this the the of this the Other Considerations should with and Transportation Information UN Class/UN Not Considerations US Regulation: TSCA Section Not TSCA Section Information Not TSCA Section Inventory to Action TSCA EPA Instructions, B) TSCA Section One-Time Not California Not EU Information and to 1999/45/EC: This the as Other Information This health, and information. It precautionary or and information which the The information to the of should only as It to from to EPSON warrant the or of the information MSDS T6241 of Release