Theater CPD-17904R2
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and the 3LCD of Corporation. and service and and of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-17904R2 Copyright Notice
Information Follow these instructions when and using the the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or frayed; the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the
the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. This includes that mercury Please and regulations or recycling, and the the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and rear of the The to commands the following There the and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. Other that such as heater, the If the following: The the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that
Presenting the The Theater high-quality the relaxing of own It offers these features: with built-in LCD including front or and mounted Short 80-inch with the ratio through the child option optional MicroSaver anti-theft Toll-free two-year technical and Warranty The with two-year carry-in warranty. customers who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service brochure To the that with and to products, and service.
cover Remote service foot AC
the and off light Indicates operating Warning light to Source buttons Switch connected to the Aspect the aspect ratio Arrow and Select buttons and items buttons or A/V off and the and sound or Select Selects item or to the Source Switches the input correction and buttons to the button the function or Aspect the aspect ratio the and off Selects the Memory the ESC the function or from
This the to the to or This the information to the to instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the to injury. to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful More Information of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with
You the to of the following VCR, DVD DTV HDTV TV, receiver, recorder, or You to or PC or Apple The and and the (HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The to to other the section. The with already the or purchase them from as the section. To RCA (One usually with To (One with To from DVD HDTV or other To to the VGA and (You purchase this from the section to VGA
Optional Accessories the following optional the Product V13H010L29 V13H134A04 V12H007T12 carrying ELPKS35 Samsonite wheeled ELPKS43 Samsonite shoulder mount security ELPSL01 Projection screens: 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch (includes ELPAP01 and ELPSV01 You purchase of these from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPMB42 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and off and sound, the action, or the Choosing Location The from the to the or the of the The when the further from the the about the relationship and You choose from If the or overhead to choose the option below) from the temporary front the front of the If the directly front of the facing the squarely. The of the should about with the of the Shelf: You the high Attach the three that with the to the top of the then the upside-down. the choose the Projection option the You purchase from to the to information). If choose this professional recommended. Choose the option. Table Shelf
Rear: You Choose Rear the option. Rear/Ceiling: Professional recommended choose to the to the information about mounting Choose Rear/Ceiling the Projection option. the Follow the the to the to and to follow these when turning the or off: Turn or off or off. (If attaching the to the or off first.) Press the the to the or off. the when the light the or flashing Once to If to the To the the front Rear Rear/Ceiling
the to the or the to reduce or If or the and the the corrected. To the the to choose from these four bright intensity. with of light; Theatre or with Theatre Black and increases. To the aspect ratio (ratio and the Aspect the or Choose from these Normal the aspect ratio of the when appear the when projected, they Crops the top and and then them
the the to the of the or connected directly to the Press the to the Press the to increase the Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to and off the sound. This the To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the A/V to the If to though or hear the A/V where the Action To the action temporarily the the the This the the A/V the and input while the when the exactly where
the You the on-screen to the and features: The the and of the It offers to the and the sharpness and clarity of the The the child or the and of the front or rear and other features. The Info information about and or The the and the memory, or the to their factory You the buttons the or to the and Follow the the section. Press the the or You of the following (the the connected): The four shown the and the options to the highlighted shown the right. If nothing connected to the options Press the or arrow the or the or the to to the highlighted, the Select You the options the selected the right. The highlight to the first option the
Press the or arrow the or the or the to through the of the option to highlighted, the Select You of options, or or to the below: If of the arrow buttons the or the or the to to the then the Select indicated light, while If option the Select to then the If or the or right arrow the or the or the to the Press the to to the previous Press the to the the Appearance of the The of to the to the and The options which type of connected to the or or RGB
Press the You the Press the to the Then the Select to Quality the arrow buttons the or the or buttons the to the following Brightness the of the Increase the to the or the to reduce brightness. the or the Sharpness the sharpness of the only) the of the or NTSC only) the or of the or tones. with red, while higher and tones. the of to the Tracking only) from matching the internal clock to the only) Corrects the with the tracking from the Select the option and choose from these bright intensity. with of light; their
Theatre or with Theatre Black and increases. To the the the Memory option. Select Memory to first of these pressing the Memory the You of selecting Memory Press the Memory the to this Press or to the You the to the child or the or of the front or and other features. Press the to the Press the arrow the or the the to highlight the and then the Select You these Press the Select to the option.
the arrow buttons the or the or buttons the to these options: Repositioning the Caption both the of the and its the You this function when selected the aspect Corrects of the (when or This the Projection Selects the as follows: front of the front of the or mounted the Rear the Rear/Ceiling the mounted from the and NTSC only) If using the with that this to the of the the that with information. Select the option to to these the off the input the specified amount of or You off. Child this the and the the three seconds. (The operates normally.)
Select the On option to to these Turn this option off to the or the of the input or Warning displayed. Background Selects the to or when the A/V the Turn this option to the whenever the Select the option to the input from or only) this input N-PAL or the and RGB only) the the connected to the Select either or RGB Select the option to the of the or to the Select the option to choose the to the Repositioning the Follow these to the to the Press the to the Press the arrow the or the the to highlight the Then Select Select the option, then the option. You positioning the arrow buttons the or the or the to the right, or the the the to
and Other Information the Info to information about the of input and the of hours the used. Press the to the Press the arrow the or the the to highlight the Info Then Select If the connected to these If the connected to these The of the about hours the consistently to Theatre Black and hours other used. If the shown to the the to the the and the The Hours shows 0H the least hours.
Restoring the The the and the memory, or the to their factory Press the to the Press the arrow the or the the to highlight the Then Select You this of the following information. Memory the memory. to their factory The affected this option input hours, and memory.
Caring the to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and If another replacing, or servicer. Follow the instructions this section to the and the battery, and the the and or the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the with
Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the the Remote Battery You CR2025 lithium battery commercially. Warning: from If child the battery, immediately. Press the catch as the the and the The the should the the Press clicks Catch
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and Turn the Then and other office to the as shown. If the (such as If the to or the or and V13H134A04 If to the the and the cover the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
the The to hours when the Theatre Black and Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of this Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes red. The the appears the or the United States V13H010L29 to the Information the Warning: the cool If the the to If mounted the this The mercury. Please and regulations or recycling, and the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Although included with the with the If to the V13H134A04 when or Follow these to the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and If the cool least hour. Press the and the cover and off.
screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the To the cover, the and then the (The the the to the as the section.
the Press the the or Highlight the and the Select Select whether to the command, highlight and the Select finished, or The the least hours. the If to the awhile, the following: the and of the within the recommended the to F to C] and to relative the cover and the the from the the its or (as the following section). Transporting the incurred The and If to follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the of and that the hand-carrying the the recessed the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first off, cool, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the The light The or the to The light flashing The the to appear. The light flashing and cant the The cooling the light flashing, then the The light the connected securely both the outlet and the If the the cover securely light Warning light
The warning light flashing High-speed cooling process. If the too automatically. there of around and the Clean or the necessary. The light red. The too which off the automatically. cool then back there of around and the Also, or the necessary. The light flashing Theres with the First the Info to to the If thats the turn off the the light flashing, the Then the to Warning: the If the the to injury. If mounted the attempting to the The warning light flashing The cover or off. securely There internal Turn off the and, when the light flashing, appears the that the light flashing, and the off. If turned the off, it cool of The (or If the light the to the Press the A/V the to the hasnt turned off temporarily.
reconnecting both of If the off, then turned You with the displayed. turned connected correctly, as the Press the Source the or the A/B or buttons the to the input Allow seconds the to the the and options the to theyre If PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and If with OS X: Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this isnt another
Click the of the One of the top of the other. If using with OS or From the Apple then and Sound Click the and then top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the (Allow seconds the to The or reversed. the the Projection option the Click Click top of the other
of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect the the to the the The trapezoid-shaped. Press the and the to the The or securely connected both Dont or than If the and turning off LCD The blurry. There the Clean the as the using the the If the from of the Sharpness the If from to the Tracking and You or the trying the the previous section. If from the the This the tracking and If this the Tracking and the The the right. Press the the to through the the following the Brightness only), only), and If the to the
Remote The to commands. within of the and within of the front or back or right, and or below). You to the battery. the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. Where To technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the connecting to of the You purchase carrying or other from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Specifications and Notices of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.7 to to Brightness (ANSI) reproduction ratio to inches to to to sound ratio aspect ratio Theatre (Theatre Black correction to Projection UHE High Efficiency hours Theatre hours (Theatre Black and Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the Remote Battery Lithium CR2025
Height inches inches inches Rated AC to VAC, to VAC, VAC VAC to F to C) to F to C) Humidity to RH, to RH, United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN TM DNX TM ICs this
Compatible The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh with the the below resized to the Also, the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC1960 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM to
United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC
According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TW10H What Inc. warrants to the that the with this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to freight to or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The Declaration of Conformity Inc. Warranty
or or repaired to the of quality, or, option, another of and or products the warranty of the covered this warranty, that each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers of the the United States and 24-hour-per-day of this and This warranty cover other than This warranty apply to refurbished or products, and this warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA
Index A/V Accessories, cleaning and replacing, Anti-theft Aspect Battery, Blurry Brightness, C to projection, to Child Cleaning and specifications, Service, Support, technical HDTV Service, anti-theft correction, replacing, to instructions, to specifications, cleaning, Lights, to
Memory button, to to to repositioning, to Projection option, choosing location, to cleaning, lights, to Rear to Remote buttons, battery, to instructions, to Sources, switching, Specifications Support, Technical Technical Transporting to Warranty, to