HDTV LCD Projection
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of Copyrighted and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people EPSON each user to and of the copyright when and EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and EPSON service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. of this software based the of the JPEG Group. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Inc. CPD-17268
the TV Follow the these sections to TV, and Selecting Location below the Shelf Connecting the the Remote and Turning On the TV the Selecting the Selecting the Turning the TV Selecting Select location TV and follow of its instructions to operates effectively and as these below and Grounding Supports or Instructions Selecting the TV The TV people to or the TV to injury. the TV or or the TV the of the the TV or of heat. the TV sunlight, such as front of the TV to the TV or the top of or heat-producing or location. To CATV of the NEC grounding and that the ground connected to the grounding of the building, as to the of as the TV
the TV the TV with high or humidity, or where amounts of least inches of around the the of the TV and the They and the TV from overheating. the TV of the of to F to C). the TV the of to F to C). If the TV near the TV to the screws and connected to the screw the top of the TV. the TV Source only the type of indicated the TV. If of the or the TV outlet where the easily outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the of the with than the other). the to outlet where the to of the If to the try the If the of the the TV where the This or to the the following when the TV. to comply with these fire, or shock: the outlet with the with the the the TV or when the TV from the cleaning. the housing to the cord; the cord.
the TV as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to or other the TV from the outlet and servicing to the following the or or becomes the TV or to or If the TV normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If the TV or the housing the TV or heavy top of the and the TV of through the other than the or other than or the to from or the and the and specified the EPSON ELSPP50). of the TV. or the TV or the or the TV and injury. the Projection the immediately turning off the TV or burned.Wait least turning off the TV to the cool completely. If the the to injury. The mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the securely to or other the as the its Tighten the screws to the securely or the the the with This the and the cloth or to the the or the permanently the TV
the TV and Grounding It to professional technician the of If yourself, to serious injury. If through other the grounded as to protection and built-up the U.S.A., section of the National ANSI/NFPA information grounding of the and grounding of the lead-in to of grounding conductors, location of to and the grounding of Grounding National Instructions Grounding conductors (NEC Section Grounding should located the of overhead lights or or where such or should to from touching such or as with them might protection or when and of the TV from the outlet and the This to and service grounding (NEC ART H) (NEC Section
to the TV as shown below. about to from the TV, and within to the or right. the or other the TV within and below height as measured from to the of the Supports or You optional EPSON TV to TV. LS47STD the LS47P1) or LS57STD the LS57P1) from the TV
Dont the shelf backwards its hinge or the TV If securely the TV as follows: Specification LS47P1 LS57P1 of the inches inches of the inches inches the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the the Shelf The surround sound or other top of the TV. The to the with the shorter top.
the the shelf with the the back of the TV. Phillips-head screwdriver, the to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws. the TV You to the TV to or other upright its earthquake or other wires and screws to the outer of the top of the TV to the TV to the or other the TV to or other the TV
of the the front and back the back cover of this the TV Connecting the You the TV to of Follow the the sections below, the and the type of or service or Direct TV TV (HDTV) with DVI-HDTV TV (HDTV) with DVD With DVD With VCR VCR and Service (Without VCR and VCR and PC or or Other CD-R/RW Other Optional
or Direct TV the TV to or to using the the house to the ANT the back of the TV. If screw-type the turning the clockwise. Wall If attaching VCR to the TV, to TV VCR and Service (Without If If or U/V to to TV. the as from TV as to reduce the that the TV
to the TV, to instructions that with the Wall the TV The the type of of or of them. If attaching VCR to the TV, to TV VCR and If of as follows: the the house to the IN the of to the OUT the the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. If screw-type the turning the clockwise.
of If of as follows: the the house to the ANT the back of the TV. the connected to both the RF and ANT the back of the TV. the of to the RF the back of the TV. the other of the to the IN the If screw-type the turning the clockwise. another to the OUT the the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. to of the ANT as Wall to the TV to to the the TV
TV to the TV, to instructions that with the receiver. If switching to the DVI input off the of DVI the TV TV (HDTV) with DVI-HDTV Turn off and TV and TV receiver. of DVI-HDTV to the DVI-HDTV the back of the TV. the other of the DVI-HDTV to the DVI-HDTV OUT TV receiver. of red/white to the DVI-HDTV and the back of the TV. the other of the to the and TV receiver. TV and TV back their outlets. DVI-HDTV
TV (HDTV) with Turn off and TV and TV receiver. of the to of PB and PR (red) the back of the TV. the other of the to the PB and PR TV receiver. of red/white to the and the back of the TV. the other of the to the and TV receiver. TV and TV back their outlets. connecting TV to the TV, to instructions that with the receiver. the TV
The Y, B-Y, R-Y, or Y, or Y, DVD match the the TV DVD With of the to of PB and PR (red) the back of the TV. the other of the to the DVD of red/white to the and the back of the TV. the other of the to the and DVD DVD
DVD With of to of the the back of the TV or to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. the other of the to the DVD of red/white to the and the back or front of the TV. the other of the to the and DVD player. DVD If DVD (yellow) to the instead of the these instructions. Its to DVD to the the back of the TV to free the the front to the TV
If (yellow) to the instead of the using these instructions. Its to to the the back of the TV to free the the front to the TV If attaching VCR to the TV, to TV VCR and Turn off and TV and receiver. the house to the receiver. of to of the the back of the TV or to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. the other of the to the receiver. of red/white to the and the back or front of the TV. the other of the to the and receiver. TV and back their Wall
VCR Follow these to VCR If connecting or with the VCR, or editing, the instructions the sections following this instead. of to of the the back of the TV or to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. the other of the to the VCR. of red/white to the and the back or front of the TV. the other of the to the and VCR. VCR If VCR (yellow) to the instead of the these instructions. Its to VCR to the the back of the TV to the the front to the TV
Wall the TV VCR and Service (Without the VCR as VCR the the house to the IN the VCR. of to the OUT the VCR. the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. If screw-type the turning the clockwise. VCR
VCR and Turn off and TV, VCR, and the VCR as VCR the the house to the ANT the back of the TV. the connected to both the RF and ANT the back of the TV. the of to the RF the back of the TV. the other of the to the IN the If screw-type the turning the clockwise. another to the OUT the the other of the to the IN the VCR. another to the OUT the VCR. the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. to turn of the ANT as TV, VCR, and back Wall ANT RF ANT VCR connecting to the TV, to instructions that with the to the TV to to the the TV
to the TV, to instructions that with the receiver. If to the instead of the these instructions. Its to to the the back of the TV to the the front to the TV VCR and Turn off and TV, VCR, and receiver. the VCR as VCR the to the receiver. of to of the receiver. the other of the to of the VCR. of red/white to the and receiver. the other of the to the and VCR.
If service include or service to the VHF/UHF IN the VCR. Then to the VHF/UHF OUT and to the ANT the back of TV. Wall TV, VCR, and back VCR Wall the TV
You cant to the TV directly; them to and then the to the TV. the TV of red/white to the and the back of TV. the other of the to the and receiver.
PC or PC, of RGB PC to the or PC the back of PC. the that with the the other of the to the PC the front of the TV. necessary to and to the and the front of the TV. PC or front RGB PC or To and the TV the to the or If switching to the PC input off the of PC the TV
If (yellow) to the instead of the these instructions. If connecting with the (white) to the A/V and the the front of the TV. If to the front as the input the the TV or Other Its to to the or the front of the TV; however, the the back. These instructions as of to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. the other of the to the of red/white to the and the front of the TV. the other of the to the and A/V front
CD-R/RW the of USB to the USB CD-R/RW the of the USB to the EXT. I/F the back of the TV. CD-R/RW the that with the CD-R/RW the and to USB the TV
headphones, the TV turned off, sound from connected to the TV. the TV Other Optional Headphones headphones to the Headphone the front of the TV. Remote IR Connecting IR other (such as VCR or DVD its pointed the its front the IR to the Remote-out the back of the TV using the that with the repeater. front Remote IR
the the to the and correctly. of the the front of this the The AA to the that with TV the Press the top of the cover the back of the Then the cover and off the the as shown below, the and the right Then them the cover the and the the clicks the batteries, the following Dont and If the the with cloth. If them immediately. the the TV while. of with the regulations the TV
You the to other to the TV. instructions. the TV the the the front of the TV, within about to the or right and or from the receiver. the lighting too bright and directly the or the TV the the top of the and the TV clean. To off the sound, the seconds, the light flashing. Then the button. (To back the seconds, the light flashing. Then the Remote Information The TV to commands the following There the IR and the IR the TV. light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the If these the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the TV of sunlight. Turn off other that
and Turning On the TV and connected and the ready, and the TV. You to connected and or necessary, to the TV with of its and the outlet or The light Press the the TV or the TV The light flashes while the TV the light flashing and Press the the or the TV to the to (TV, DVD, light Remote You the seconds the You to the light to flashing first. To off the DVI and PC when using them to through them with the button), the instructions the TV
If headphones to the TV, the TV sound off. You to the headphone If connected TV to and the buttons the sound from those the TV If with the Turn the (VCR, DVD, or and Press the to the the If the To the TV or the and buttons the TV or To the sound, the the
Selecting the TV and the of the You the the aspect the Aspect the and input to the aspect ratio or offered of the selections Press the Aspect repeatedly to of the shown below. The of the aspect ratio appears the corner. Normal the of stretches ratio to ratio stretching stretches ratio to ratio the stretches increasingly from the to the the and off of the top and when they the TV aspect ratio based the If it cant aspect ratio from the the ratio selected as the Aspect the Aspect You the aspect ratio the TV to TV to aspect ratio from TV or input instructions selecting the Aspect the TV
Turn off the TV when 24-hour-a- reduce its life. the TV Selecting the TV offers three that lighting and types. You the TV to the further. To the the and of these The Theater The The TV and You or the the Quality To as the whenever the TV, follow the Turning the TV Press the button the TV or the TV The light flashes as the TV cools cool, the light flashing and the TV this or light
and TV to to You to the or of or input as these TV below Selecting Unused Sources TV If TV using or without to the that the TV You to search the and them Then, that detected, to them. You choose to the TV that to Automatically connected or service to the ANT or ANT the back of the TV. Then the the TV or to TV Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlighted. If TV using or TV service with to The that You the the TV or the operations. and
If another TV connected to the other (ANT or the to switch to that Then through to the that and First the type selected and/or Select TV house. CATV service brought house. If to the option, Select or Select to highlight the or then or Next to the option. If connected to the ANT Select to highlight the of then or Next to On Press Select to highlight then The and appears the of the as the TV searching It reports the the right corner. This the of finished, to the If the of or to the TV to follow the the section.
Manually or that when to them. You choose to the TV to through them when Press Select to highlight then The to the following: To Select or its highlighted the If the shown the or Next to to the or previous Press The highlight to the Press or Next to or then To or another through Press to to the or to the and
If or TV receiver, to TV the selection and Selecting To the to of the following: the the and Press the or to or Press the to back and forth the and The and the right corner. If to disappeared, the The and appear, then the the Press to off the You of to that to watch. Then to those the the To connected to or TV without with the TV To first the TV. the the about seconds. appears the of the TV Select the to as and You to Whenever to to the Press it to to the and If to from the group, the then the the about seconds. appears the of the TV
You to rated and to and input to or others from The that allows or to lock, and the to the to the and Creating Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlight to the first character the field: First to the to the On the the four (the appear the as the buttons. You the buttons the TV or the operations. buttons and
and Then the Press Select to highlight then You this the buttons the to the to You to the To V-Chip, To TV and/or input such as To the
V-Chip TV with V-Chip that allows to the of TV or based their You of or that V-Chip Whenever to the or to Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlight to the first character the field: the buttons the You the Press Select to highlight V-Chip V-Chip Press or Next to ON The Unrated, and Country become V-Chip cant To turn off V-Chip and
and Press Select to highlight Country then or Next to U.S.A or If to to that V-Chip ratings, Select to highlight Unrated Then or Next to To V-Chip Select to highlight and If selected U.S.A as the Country the U.S.A. to If selected as the Country the Press Select or Select to English or U.S.A indicating the rating to If selected U.S.A. to If selected or English to with the selected rating and and Then to Press Select or Select to TV or indicating the type of U.S.A. rating to Then
If selected TV these options: of the Press Select or Select to Based If or Next to Based Press to with the selected rating and and the ratings, If selected these of the Press Select or Select to Based Then to with the selected rating and and the ratings, Press to to the or to the and
and V-Chip U.S.A. TV Age-based TV-Y Children to including to TV-Y7 Directed to Children and TV-G to TV-PG that TV-14 Cautioned that TV-MA to and Content-based with age-based FV Sexuality U.S.A. PG PG-13 Cautioned Restricted One Admitted Without or NC-17 One Admitted One Admitted of the NC-17
Considered age years and Not without years children years years and English C Children children years C8+ Children Years children years and to themselves. PG the to Years themes or that the of years and and Sources to rated TV and to TV or input such as those Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, You the buttons the TV or the operations. and
and The highlight to the first character the field: the the You the highlighted. Press or Next to ON To Select to highlight then You the
Press Select or Select to highlight the then The highlight to the Press or Next to or Then and to other then to to the To input Select to highlight then You the input options: Press Select or Select to highlight the input then The highlight to the Press or Next to or Then and to other then to to the Accessing and Sources If try to or input the TV displays of the shown below: or input or (V-Chip) and
You the buttons the TV or the operations. and If of these and to the or input follow these Press You to the buttons. The or input and the turned off. To V-Chip or and input Unused Sources switch input using the button, the TV to to which connected the TV to the DVI and PC them, the off. To off the DVI and PC when using them to through them with the follow these Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to highlight of DVI of DVI and of PC Press or Next to turn the OFF and the of PC Press to the
the TV TV helpful the buttons and the as these Accessing the below Sources the Quality the the Sound Selecting Closed Caption Selecting (POP) Automatically the TV Other with the Remote Accessing the the effects of the and sound to the effects. Press the the TV or the You the with the highlighted: You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV
The the currently selected input PC. Tracking and instead of the Sharpness, Saturation, and buttons the TV To to another such as or the Next the highlighted, the The first highlighted. To to the Select or Select To to the button, then or Next to to the following: To this Press You of options. Press Select or to highlight the option Press selection appears To this Press The and the appears the of the Press or Next to the Press the repeatedly or them down.The and the The Press to to the or to to
To this Press or Next to The To this Press or Next to higher or The (The the PC input only). the of the and Text You the and to appear English, French, or Spanish. Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to highlight the Press or Next to English or (Spanish). Press to another or to the You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV
You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV You to easily them instead of The appears with the the right of the when or switch Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlighted. Press Select to highlight then You this The first highlighted. If to that To Select or If the or Next to the or previous Once highlighted The highlight to the
Selecting Press Select or Select to highlight the (such as CBS the If or Next to the Press The the and the highlighted Creating Custom Press Select or Select to highlight the option the and The highlight to the first character of the the Custom You to characters of numbers, and/or To through the of the To through the and then the numbers, Select You the or repeatedly. Once selected the first character, Next to to the character. and finished creating Then Press Select or Select to highlight the the and Press Select to highlight Clear the and The from the The appear when or switch the TV
You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV Sources Its helpful to input using than with TV, such as DVD VCR, Then easily the as switch them. The appears the TV when or switch input Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to to the Press You the To input Select or to highlight the the such as VIDEO1 Press The highlight to the top of the
Select Press Select or Select to highlight the If appears the right of the Next to (Press to to Press Creating Custom Press Select or Select to highlight the Press The highlight to the first character of the the Custom You to characters of numbers, and/or To through the of the Select To through the and then the numbers, Select You the or repeatedly. Once selected the first character, Next to to the character. and finished creating Then Press Select or Select to highlight the the and Press Select to highlight Clear the and The from the The input appear when or switch input the TV
input of the You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV the Quality TV offers three that lighting and the types. You to the further. The with the the to whenever the TV. To the while the the to the types, individually the brightness, sharpness, tint, and If of to the instructions. Turn the of Press the the TV or the Press the The highlighted. the Press Press Select or Select to choose of the following, then The Theater The The TV and of the other the The whenever or Custom the
the Brightness, Sharpness, Saturation, Tint, and Black Press Select or to highlight the then The and the appears the of the Press or Next to the Press the buttons repeatedly or them The and the the The below the the Right Next Brightness Lighter More Sharpness More More tones More tones Black Increases Press to to the or to to the Press Select or Select to highlight Press or Next to of these the tone to such as and brown. Cool the to such as and the tone and cool the To the of the Select or to highlight Press the TV
To the the You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV The and appears To the the Select Select or Next as necessary. (This the of the Press when finished. Switching the Quality If connected of such as DVD and HDTV receiver, to switch the option the This the Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to highlight the Press or Next to DVD (to the of DVD or HDTV (to the of HDTV Press to another or to the
the TV and the of the You the the aspect the Aspect the You the aspect ratio the TV to TV to aspect ratio from TV or input the Aspect the the Aspect Ratio Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press the or Next to of these Normal the of aspect stretches ratio to ratio stretching You the the TV or the operations. the TV
If to temporarily the sound, the the You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV stretches ratio to ratio the stretches increasingly from the to the the and off of the top and when they Press to another or to the the Sound If to the or of the sound from TV the the You off the TV To the Surround or off, the Surround the The appears the of the To the Surround the Turn that includes sound the of sound Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The highlighted. Press Select or to highlight the or
Press The and the appears the of the Press or Next to the higher or lower. Press the buttons repeatedly or them The and the the Press to to the or to to To the Surround or the or off, or Next to the options. Press to another or to the Selecting Closed Caption You closed or information transmitted with You option that displays closed whenever the the That when the sound. Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Closed Caption Press Select to highlight the Closed Caption If connected headphones to the Headphone the TV front hear sound the turned off. You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV
Not the closed Select CC1 or TEXT1 first to they POP the TV Press or Next to of the following options: CC1 CC2 CC3 or CC4 closed of the and sound effects. TEXT1 TEXT2 TEXT3 or TEXT4 closed of the and information. MUTE ON closed whenever the the OFF off closed Press to another or to the Selecting You to to sound or (the To the MTS the of the The appears the of the Press the MTS to the as necessary. (POP) You from or once POP This TV while You TV, DVD, or another while from or CD. You POP to input these combinations: and or and DVI or PC DVI and PC The first POP the to hear the from this the to to first. Press the the TV or to (such as the DVD hear from this when POP. Press the POP the
The from the first appears the and the from the appears the right. (If TV and the TV selected as the currently selected The outline the currently selected You when selected. To switch from to the the The as the to POP: To to to the necessary, then POP or (To to POP, POP To to the then the buttons, such as to the or or when the If to or CD while using POP, the or CD first. The appears. the POP the (You only this cant The the right of the when POP. the the from to To the when its outlined POP the POP the and the TV
If the the right POP to the other the You cant the directly POP You to off the V-Chip to instructions. the TV To the POP to the then Next to its or to reduce The of the other to the as shown below. to while TV If that to watch, To the that the ANT and RF This TV the factory. You off the ANT using the as below. This frees the Turning the ANT the connecting the ANT and RF the back of TV. Press the the TV or You the
Press Next to highlight then Press to highlight of then Next to OFF Press to the The first the to hear the from this the to to first. Press the POP the You the POP once). Press the POP You the with the The and the right of the with from each The outlined the top. POP the TV Previous Next
You the buttons the TV or the operations. the TV to the To the the top as the the To the or Select The the to rotation. To the previous or Select The the to rotation. To to the POP or (To once, POP and follow the the TV You the TV to off or to allowed. You the TV to or or to off input. the TV Press the the SLEEP OFF appears the of the Press the to of the following options: SLEEP SLEEP SLEEP To the TV the If than the the Press to the or off the selected the TV and the light flashes the light the TV To the TV back the the TV or Shutdown Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted.
Press to highlight Shutdown Press or Next to ON Press to the If there input the TV off. Other with the Remote You the to other theater such as DVD VCR, or receiver. That to or TV First what of You this that to the and its the Remote the three-digit and the the switch the top of the to the type. to the DVD the switch to the DVD the the its light (about to seconds). the three-digit the The once. If it and using the If there and the first choose another wear to the the TV Light switch
the TV DVD RCA JVC LG Thomson Mitsubishi VCR Mitsubishi MGA Montgomery MTC American High NEC Nobelex Olympic Howell Olympus Candle Carver Research
VCR CCE Colortyme RCA Curtis Mathes DBX RCA Electrophonic Emerson Fisher LG Sears LXI Harmon Shintom (M. Ward) the TV
the TV VCR (continued) Replay STS JC JCL Symphonic JVC KLH Teac LG LXI (Sears) Totevision TMK Unitech Victor Research Victor Wards MGA XR-1000 MGN SV2000
Alphastar GE RCA GI Hughes JVC ABC GI United Videoway RCA the TV
switch buttons the TV the with Other Once the follow these to to other the switch the top of the to the type of to such as DVD the buttons the top of the to and and tracks,
and You the and built TV, and the CD-R/RW to and as these Card or CD below to CD Card or CD You TV from photo or CD. You and and them Card below CD and the Card photo the and the DCF the and the following and The /DCIM/ or /DCIM/ Where the directory with DCIM beneath the DCIM directory or beneath beneath the DCIM than characters usually three followed to alphabetic characters, such as the this to the another to this yourself. The JPEG and Where characters with and with higher than such as DCIM TV JPEG Photographic Group) that DCF You TV. The or TIF You the the TIF You write TIF to CD-R/RW and them however. and
Dont from the when the Card light flashing or the the Card light to the CompactFlash Memory and The the the The photo should such as that included JPEG to of the the the TV turned and the light and flashing. the Card and lights off. the the front as shown the The Card light flashes as the TV reads the the Turn the the
seconds, the appears. It the and the first If than photo the the first appear the To switch to the another the Select or Select to highlight Source then The Source the Press Select or Select to highlight the to and Follow the instructions these sections to or and the To the the or highlight and the Card light to then card(s). Selected If the automatically, the the TV or You the the of the the highlighting the and You them the the such as the Source or the and
The or TIF You the the TIF You write TIF to CD-R/RW and them however. write to CD-R/RW that written to You and from these write to them TV. This TV and writing to write to CD-R/RW, and CD CD, connected the CD-R/RW that with TV. instructions. If CD-R/RW of that the and the DCF the CD-R/RW and the following and The Where the directory and to characters beneath the directory, such as beneath the first than characters The photo Where to characters (consisting of alphabetic characters and the and such as The JPEG The the the The should thumbnail such as that included JPEG to of the the Follow these to CD-R/RW CD-R/RW the TV turned and the light and flashing. Press the the to the
CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the Press the the TV or The appears: Press the the then The Source the the to and the the the and and
If ready. and If the or and Press Select to highlight CD-R/RW necessary) and You the CD the Select the Next Select or Select Then The and the within appear the To the Then Follow the instructions these sections to or and the To the the or highlight and Press the the CD-R/RW to
and the You the that each the easy You correctly. The retained the or CD. If necessary, to to the Select the Next Select or Select Press the the TV or The To the further, the the to or Press to To the the Press to To to the photo, the Next Select or Select To to photo the the TV or You cant when Press or to the to then and
To the and of the Dont from the when or the the finished and the Card light to the To photo when the Then follow the instructions to and You automatically, seconds each, You the or selected ones. Press the or Select to highlight and The the of the To to The first and appears the It displays seconds, then the displayed. To the The appears the To To the Selecting To of Select to highlight Select individually and appear with checkboxes, indicating that they selected.
Press Next Select or Select to highlight the to then to them. (To them ready to the the then to To the the To the plays, the and Advanced from the You the Advanced To the Next to the Transition from to seconds. (Press Select or to highlight Transition necessary.) shows continuously them. To them to once and their own, Select to and Press Select to One and finished, Select to highlight OK and You to the To the the To the choose Select from the and
and You and that TV such as or TV from to the DVI or PC Then the While or the the TV or You the The or the right and the shown the milliseconds choose the To the or Next (To the To the selected To to the
To the currently displayed the the TV or You the (The or the right.) To the of or Next Press the light flashes. finished, the light off. To another through You to To the the the TV or To or If to the Then follow the instructions to the and finished the from the of photo them back and forth and tearing them off. the the with text (such as or from DVD player that the instructions. the instructions, and
and the If containing or from DVD player that the as below. Press the Press Select to highlight and You the To the aspect ratio of the Then Select to highlight and To the Select to highlight and Then Select to highlight and finished, Select to highlight and Press to to Press to using the as
Once or CDor using the buttonfollow the these sections to Loading below Selecting and It or Loading You purchase ELSPP50 containing of and from or EPSON. or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Follow these to to sheets of the Press and release the cover to the cover. and
and the and the of the the
You to of the with the with the facing the of the and the facing the of the the and clicks facing Narrow facing Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Also, the of the from the to and
Dont from the while or the finished and the Card light to the If to the the the to Then correct. and the its first. clicks the cover. Selecting and It You from photo or CD-R/RW. If or CD, The automatically. (If the the TV or Press Next Select or Select to highlight the to Selected
Press the the TV or You the To of the photo, To or Next the the correct. Then the light flashes. finished, the light off. To these You to To or to the section. If to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to the and finished the from the of them back and forth and tearing them off. of them from the they from ejecting properly or Dont the cover the front of the while this to and
and or Once photo its or Press the to highlight and The To to choose You the The of each below the photo.
Press Next Select or Select to highlight the and You the or Waiting Press to highlight and (If the finished Select to highlight and Select the Press the Select to highlight and Press Select to highlight and Select the and to CD CD, the CD-R/RW that with TV. instructions. connected the to the and to and turned the that written to 4X high-speed 4X writing, specifications the Follow the instructions Card to photo and the Then follow the the section to CD-R/RW the and write the to You cant write to CD-R/RW while CD-R/RW. write to CD-R/RW that previously written to You and from these write to them using TV. This TV and writing to write to CD-R/RW, only and
Dont CD-R/RW that written to or other or or other the to and the the the and Dont from the while writing to CD-R/RW or the or CD-R/RW writing finished and the Card light to the The or TIF You the the TIF You write TIF to CD-R/RW and them however. and CD-R/RW Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the Writing to CD-R/RW Press the Select to highlight CD-R/RW and The CD-R/RW To write of the photo to the CD, to to CD-R/RW You and (To and
You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. finished, the CD and Press Selecting Writing to CD-R/RW To only of writing to CD, the Select to highlight Select individually and appear with checkboxes, indicating that they selected. Press Next Select or Select to highlight the to then to them. (To them ready to write the to the CD, the to the CD-R/RW Press to to CD-R/RW You Select and (To and You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. finished, the CD and Press to CD-R/RW Press the to the CD. Press the to the Source Press Select to highlight CD-R/RW and photo appear. Press Next Select or Select to and You To another Then Dont or or off the CD-R/RW while writing to You or To the the CD-R/RW To the choose Select from the CD-R/RW and
and
the TV To TV clean and operating correctly, or to to another location, follow the these Cleaning the TV below Cleaning the below the TV the or Transporting the TV Cleaning the TV from the lint-free cloth, such as lens-cleaning cloth or or microfiber cloth. If necessary, the cloth with and Dont too as clean the Clean the of the TV the the covers closed as and the the back. Cleaning the You to the periodicallyabout once monthto the TV overheat to and the cover the of the TV. Dont or cleaning to the cleaner, scouring or other cleaners. the TV
the TV to from both of the cover. To the cover, the the back the right of the Then the of the cover.
the TV Projection The TV to hours. the selected, and to the the TV displays the The and lights the front of the TV the of the You purchase ELSLP1 from or EPSON. or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Dont the or the and lights as the below: light light Action flashing warning flashing cooling or cover light The You the then follow the to The or another then follow the to the cover closed completely. the the cover If the cover closed, the cooled completely the cover the then the TV, back and the button to the TV. If the EPSON as light If what should the other to If of them to the EPSON to the unnecessarily. Turn off the TV when 24-hour-a- reduce its life. Caring the TV
WARNING The You cool least or burned. the TV Precautions the immediately turning off the TV or burned.Wait least turning off the TV to the cool completely. If the the shards to injury. The mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the securely to or other the as below, the its Tighten the screws to the securely or the the the with This the and the cloth or to the the or the permanently Removing and the Turn off the TV, from the and least ELSLP1). the right cover the and off, and
On the front of the TV, the the cover, then off the and the screwdriver that with the to the screws the corners of the housing. (You cant the screws.) the the and of the TV. Dont the screws the to the housing. Caring the TV
Caring the TV the as shown below. Then the Tighten the screws the corners of the housing. the the cover the right of the Then the to the cover.
the cover the TV, fits the of the cover. the TV and the to turn If the and lights or red, the correctly or completely closed the cover. the and installation, the the You purchase ELSPP50 containing of and from or EPSON. or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please the Press and release the cover to the cover. the TV
the TV the cover. Turn the counterclockwise to It freely when
the and the as as it Removing and the the cover the of the Caring the TV
If the catches the tear. the TV the latch, then the the from its Then the from the If the the to
the as shown below. Then the and its with with the Once the the clicks beneath the latch. Pointed should of the should slightly You the and its with the or when Caring the TV
to the securely and the cover completely or the the TV the cover and closed. the the If the catches the beneath the cover and of the as the the as clockwise to If the further and
the cover. the cover. If when to the follow the this section to or Transporting the TV the TV, people the TV as shown below. the TV the the back and the top of the TV the front. the TV or its the WARNING The TV heavy. people to or the TV to injury. the TV and its or other together or the TV and or to the TV or the TV the TV
the TV
If with the TV, the and the lights the front Then follow the these Responding to below Responding to TV Light Indicators Operation Sound TV Reception or from Cards or to CD-R/RW Where to Responding to Action the The The TV overheating. The TV overheating and the turned off automatically. ELSLP1, then follow the to Turn off the TV and cool there of around the TV and that of the obstructed. If necessary, the as Then the TV back If to overheat, EPSON as
Responding to TV Light and light light light Ready flashing Warm-up flashing Cool-down flashing warning flashing cooling or cover High light The TV operating normally. appear. the light flashing. it lights without flashing, the TV back or To the TV back the If to the the TV. The You the then follow the to The burned or another then follow the to the closed completely. If the cover closed, the cooled completely the cover the then the TV, back and the to the TV. If the EPSON as The TV overheating and the turned off automatically. Turn off the TV and cool there of around the TV and that of the obstructed. Then the TV back If to overheat, EPSON as light
and light light light flashing or Card light light light light The and ready to photo. flashing The currently or the Dont or CD-R/RW from the or while the Card light or flashing and the light flashing or the or The and displays the Follow the instructions the to the Card light Card light The TV the finished, the Card light off. to another or the the Card light off; the TV to the or to the command. flashing The TV reading from or writing to or CD-R/RW, or Dont or CD-R/RW from the or while the light or flashing or the or The TV from photo or CD-R/RW. If necessary, the or If the finished You the The TV internal Press the to off the TV and then EPSON as The cooling or Press the to off the TV and then EPSON as
The and isnt switch or the TV or cooling (the light The the TV flashing), cant the buttons. the light or the buttons The when The TV cools internal the TV turned off. off. You the Follow the to the then the following the to of the choose. You or hear If the supported the sound. the the connected. If connected to outputting incorrect refresh You hear sound, or the right. The with TV reception and Weather or and interference from other affecting the quality. Turn off or such as or microwave that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and lights the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. Responding to TV Light Indicators If the that to the TV correctly and that or other necessary. If there the TV the TV (the light flashing If the light the connected to selected the to the TV. If input from the to Press the the TV or Then follow the to the input the to the TV and correctly. instructions. the connected to selected the to the TV.
Press the the to another The or incorrect If to as the as Press the the TV or Then The follow the to the brightness and other The bright The LCD or appear bright or Press the Aspect the to the The off. aspect or the and of the the type of the ratio of the to off. appears around Closed captioning turned To off, follow the instructions the Sound You hear sound or the sound TV reception and Weather and interference from other affecting the Turn off or such as or microwave the connected to selected the to the TV. If the the corners of the TV internal EPSON information. The to If DVD the DVD players aspect to Then the aspect ration to FULL Press the the If muted the sound, should If the sound wasnt muted, the the TV or to the If headphones, the turned off while the headphones connected. the connected the input trying to to connected to the instructions. Press the the TV or the the to isnt turned off. instructions. If POP hear sound from the To hear sound from the other the the the TV or other actually includes sound. If with or soundtrack, the or the TV to SAP Press the MTS the SAP the of the that or
Light switch TV Reception or TV reception or or the TV or cooling (the light The TV cant flashing), cant the buttons. the light or selected. or the buttons You cant You the TV to TV to broadcast. broadcasts. Remote The If with the the to the light the top Weather and interference from other affecting the Turn off or such as or microwave You locked to Press the the TV or the the as You the to Press the the TV or the the as If and cant them, to the to them to of Press the the TV or Select the the as If the light to the TV when the and it the lighting too bright and directly the or the TV the the top of the and the the TV to that If the light the correctly and If necessary, the the switch the top of the to the trying to If with the the other
from Cards or You or CD, the right when them the the of or or another the TV displays the Follow the on-screen instructions or the instructions the the to these If the write the and EPSON as below. If or locking the or closing its the the Nothing printed. If or CD that the the TV automatically. the or and and the as The incorrect, the with the or instructions. the If the the front, the and try or actually and that the protected from to protected from should writing and DCF and the They should JPEG JPEG) with to If this and them to them there. If cant, they corrupted. JPEG JPEG) and and the Brightness, and other tone Press the the to though the to the other tone You too to You to or to photo or 3MB or and the as or 3MB or Printed exactly match the If the to clear the from the back of the Follow the to clear the
Clearing From the of the Press and release the cover to the cover. the cover.
Turn the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as
Phillips-head screwdriver with least inches to the screws the each as shown below. the front of the slightly and off of its the back of the the back of the and the back
the back its and the screws with the screw each the screws securely. the If the catches the beneath the cover and of the as the the as clockwise to If the further and the cover. the cover. to the securely and the cover completely or the
to CD-R/RW the CD-R/RW cant write to or another the TV displays the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If the the the or or turning off the while writing to If wrote or other to CD-R/RW or other write to it with the TV. writing to CD-R/RW with TV. Where to EPSON technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Telephone Services To the EPSON SM service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Livingstation LS47P1 or LS57P1) Product (located the back of the TV; written the when TV) of the You purchase and from or from EPSON. or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Specifications LCD NTSC (American VHF: UHF: CATV: and LS47P1: LS57P1: inches LCD TFT with Short-arc, UHE High Efficiency), W; hour life,* from front Aspect ratio LS47P1: Brightness the selected, and VAC, A, Mechanical Cooling sealed housing Height LS47P1: inches LS57P1: inches LS47P1: inches LS57P1: inches LS47P1: inches LS57P1: inches LS47P1: LS57P1: LS57P1: Specifications
Specifications to F to C) to F to C) to Interfaces interfaces IN back, front), RCA-type; IN back, front), S-type; Y: C: IN back; RCA-type; Y: ohms, unbalanced, DVI back, V, TMDS, V; DVI-HDTV, VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA RF IN back, (RGB) front, D-sub-15-type; P-P, ohms; VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA IN back, front), RCA-type, PC) front; 47K interfaces back, RCA-type; OUT ohms, unbalanced, OUT back, RCA-type; OUT (Fixed) back, RCA-type; RF OUT back, Headphone front, back, IR or interfaces USB back, CD-R/RW only) back, RS-232C servicer only) Memory front each SD/MultiMediaCard, Memory Stick, CompactFlash, JPEG, to and DCF
Dye-sublimation thermal to inches capacity sheets seconds TV LS47P1: LS47STD LS57P1: LS57STD ELSLP1 IR or sheets, and ELSPP50 United States UL60950 Third Edition (CSA C22.2 Third Edition) EMI United States FCC 15B Class DOC ICES003 Class Specifications
Specifications
Notices FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. United States WARNING Notices
Notices ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR EPSON that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Closed Captioning This of closed captioning with of the FCC TV of this other than of UHF or VHF, or or the of the authorization from the and/or owner.
of these buttons located the TV front Remote Function the TV and off. selection Selects and the switch and buttons to the or photo or CD. the and the from Prints from photo or CD. the TV features. and the Select and Select and Next and or reduce the of while them the while them the buttons TV numbers, and numbers. and Switches the and the selected the buttons and switches to that Selects connected such as DVD VCR, sound from the TV and receiver, connected. and selects to easily to them. or the TV and or or or TV Aspect the of the (aspect POP the and features. and with POP or switches the active and the TV to automatically. Surround surround sound. MTS Switches to or SAP Switches the the type of or displays the and/or input and right, and or the and the and CD-R/RW and
Connector Function ANT service or other inputs. RF output to RF and ANT to POP and features ANT service or other connected to RF and ANT to POP and Remote-out optional IR repeater. to receiver. only). L/R) DVI-HDTV TV (HDTV) receiver. (DVI-HDTV, R/L) and L/R (Y PB PR and L/R only EPSON servicer. EXT. I/F CD-R/RW only. interface; USB) Connector Function PC PC or and and PC) R/L Headphone headphone only. Connector DVD, VCR, and other and input that or DVD, VCR, and other and input that DVD, VCR, and other and input that or of or other