This to their when without with of such as and Wall function of of the of the location. The that as of the correction using the front foot corrected. something with the such as blowing the of the EMP-7950, wireless easy with allows to; LAN. Network the height of the If correction the height of to too correction The that correction and when from the of the corrected. correction instructions to to Network and to the the The Corner function to the four corners of the exactly.
of the as and USB-compatible memory This allows to Showing the the CardPlayer) the (EMP-7950 only) USB to It both and from offers of that (such as of connected to the and interface
EPSO EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Connecting to Computers............................................................. Projecting from the Computer............................. If the If the RGB (Wireless Function) Connecting the Remote to the the This chapter the the and (EMP-7900)........................................10 (EMP-7950)........................................11 Rear Remote EP EPSON EPSO Connecting to Source Sound from the Projecting RGB If the RGB the Remote the and Projection the the Remote Remote the and Remote EPSON EPSON SON ON Sound from (EMP-7950 only) Connecting USB Devices.................................................... Disconnecting USB from the Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-7950 only) Access Card Access Wireless LAN Card Access and Removing Cards EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON SON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON
Flashes or lights to with the internal of the The below shows the with fitted. and Functions the Flashes or lights to the operating of the or lights to with the (Operation) Remote light-receiving or as immediately become the and other from the Clean the the from becoming or when using the to this when and the when the and to the such as shelf. the foot to and the front foot. from the foot Foot
and Functions Clean the Security Remote light- Rear optional mount when the from the fixing Input/output from the Rear foot Used when vertically the Rear foot the the the this cover when cover Clean the Clean the Clean the and other from the periodically.
and Functions while or displayed, operates the as the the the as the the with the as the buttons. to the and while or displayed, these buttons function as and and selecting items the If of these buttons while holding the the of these buttons correction and correction Corner. and right) buttons the If of these while holding the the tracking of and while or displayed, these buttons function as these buttons correction and correction using Corner. [ESC] and This when the and tracking and when the function. [A/V (EMP-7950 only) that [BNC] that each the Switches the input the Switches the input the [Computer] the [DVI] and and the each the pressed. [Computer/DVI] pressed. Shot] [Source] buttons
and Functions [A/V [R/C] switch the or of that appear. If the light-emitting buttons Remote [ESC( [Source] buttons [Effect] buttons [ID] [Wall buttons
and Functions the to the USB when the wireless function. (RS-232C)] [USB] (EMP-7900) to the to Network RGB RGB from and RGB and from the connected to the [Computer] or the [DVI] [Computer] and should the customer. the to RS-232C This [Computer], [DVI] from other [DVI] currently-projected RGB from and It with from to from selected to the from the from the that connected to the [BNC] [BNC] from and and from [BNC] from from the that connected to the to input from the the optional from the that connected to the from
and Functions with this to the connected to USB to the to the wireless function. (RS-232C)] [USB to the when with EasyMP. [USB (EMP-7950) to It from computers, and connected to the with from RGB RGB from and RGB and from the connected to the [Computer] or the [DVI] and should the customer. the to RS-232C This [Computer], [DVI] from other [Computer] [DVI] The of memory the PC indicated coloured lights that or off. Press this to PC when the Access when using PC the Card from the that connected to the [BNC] [BNC] from and and from [BNC] from the that connected to the from that connected to the from the from selected to the from the to input the optional from the
the of the and the to that the the the the Remote The already the the the purchased. You to the that with the the used. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the batteries. the CAUTION the cover the clicks the cover. While the of the cover, the cover the of the arrow. the cover. PROCEDURE If the of the or that the becoming If this the with AA TIP
the Remote Remote light-receiving (rear) light-emitting Remote light-receiving (front) the Remote and Remote The the following the Remote PROCEDURE transmitted (the to something top of the while the [R/C] switch "ON", the that to "OFF". If the [R/C] switch "ON", the released, operation to The of this to the from If the than directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the the the [R/C] switch the allow sunlight or light from to TIP of the light-receiving the the light-emitting and the buttons. the [R/C] switch of the to "ON".
the Remote the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the Remote from the light-receiving Remote light-emitting Remote properly from the optional to the of the to the If would to that operations "Appendices: Optional and TIP
The the following four allowing to choose the the to first the The its the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty vertically with the the CAUTION of the from the Please would to this The optional mount when the the using the and "Rear commands the "Advanced1" to match the TIP Rear using
If the with optional to the The recommended and below The from the to the the when the with or optional with the Recommended and Projection The or the optional allows ratio of to about The the about than the the of or the and the of TIP should as the The While to the following the that the the the The and the Projection
the PC facing the right the back to to the the front or or and Cards (EMP-7950 only) CAUTION You PC such as wireless LAN and memory with the The EMP-7950 with wireless LAN other cards, or or PC to the included with the EMP-7950. The following PC the Wireless LAN (the with the EMP-7950) Memory "Appendices: Specifications" TIP the PC the that facing to the the PROCEDURE Rear
and Cards (EMP-7950 only) Press the to the right of the The Access PROCEDURE flashing or while to memory while using CardPlayer, the wireless LAN while the of the wireless LAN flashing otherwise the The PC and immediately the when from the to Doing the memory or the memory while the of the Closing CardPlayer the to CardPlayer CardPlayer malfunction memory without or burns. wireless LAN CardPlayer first. CAUTION Enough of the PC that the of the and straight of the Press the to the back to from or CAUTION
and Removing Cards (EMP-7950 only) You the the The light when wireless LAN of the wireless LAN as below. the Wireless LAN Card Access the the memory whether the memory the of the and what as below. Card Access Access flashing The connected to the and LINK to Communication transmitted or received. ACT LINK ACT occurred while from the memory from the memory Access The memory
Condition The and of the the of Supported Displays". "Appendices: of Supported Displays" necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays". to the allow to the output with the TIP the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or the and the connecting bound together, Turn the off both the and the them. If the the of the and the connecting together. If the to to the interference or operation to the or following. Connecting to CAUTION If the and too from each other the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 with the further You to purchase commercially-available the of the computer's to the PC "Appendices: Optional and of that the to the The connected to of or below. Computers that the such as "RGB Condition The alternatively to purchase to the heading such as If the built-in or to the to the or "Connecting or further or "CRT which output
Connecting to [Comp] the or the [Computer/DVI] than to the the the to switch of the such the to the input the to "RGB". TIP The and specifications of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. If the the accessory to the Projecting from the To To [Computer] (accessory)
Connecting to the optional DVI-D /DVI-D or DVI-D/DFP to the If the RGB To [DVI] DVI-D/DVI-D or DVI-D/DFP (optional) To whichever optional DVI-D/DVI-D or DVI-D/ DFP matches the of the "Appendices: Optional and [DVI] the or the [Computer/DVI] connecting than to the the the to switch TIP
Connecting to Computer Edition/XP Professional If the It to the wireless function The USB connected to with USB interface. If which the of to the of both the and operating Professional that from earlier of function to used. the the of Edition/XP guaranteed. further TIP You the as wireless to the the the accessory USB to the USB of the to the [USB] the of the Applicable the Remote to the Function) XP Edition/ XP Professional USB (accessory) USB USB (accessory) USB (OS buttons the to back and and forth through when the as wireless the To [USB the EMP-7950 To [USB] USB (accessory) To USB
Connecting to If the the the The wireless function of the While displayed using the of the reversed. While sub-screen using the function While displayed While Corner while the following used. While the function While the function While the Effect function While displayed While While Protect While Wall function TIP Once the the operated as follows. If the the of Press the button. to the Moving the the the of the to the items the light and and seconds, operations the this Press the the and the Press the [ESC Right the [ESC the pressing seconds. This allows right and and
Connecting to RGB from projected, to the to the the using the that with the the such as when Connecting RGB from and The correction and the and to the to To with TIP
commercially- A/V to the Turn the off both the and the the of the and the the If to force to the and the connecting bound together, connecting them. If the the of the and the connecting together. If with or of to the the to other the interference or operation or following Connecting to Source CAUTION To (yellow) To A/V To (yellow) To the to switch the or the connecting than to the the TIP
Connecting to Source the optional to the "Appendices: Optional and commercially-available to the Projecting To [Computer] (optional) To To To output [Comp] the or the [Computer/DVI] connecting than to the the the to switch of the such the to the input the to TIP the or the the than to the the [S- to switch TIP
Connecting to Source [Comp] the or the [Computer/DVI] connecting than to the the the to switch of the such the to the input the to "RGB". TIP If the RGB the accessory to the RGB when RGB from other used. whichever than that connected to the Either of the following the RGB To [Computer] (accessory) To RGB output
If the input to the Sound from the through the built-in the other the matches the the that The built-in with of W. You that the as the to input the the of the [DVI] and [Computer] the to the sound from the connected (such as or to input the To white (commercially-available) To (commercially-available) A/V To To of commercially-available A/V to If to RCA (red/white) (such as the commercially-available to Select the that this from the following, If to (such as the of the of the other the the input to the [DVI] or [Computer]
Sound from the that input of the that selected. The to the "Computer/ If the connected to the that DVI the only to If commercially-available 2RCA with the [DVI] or [Computer] the that as "Computer" or "DVI". You the started. TIP
Sound from commercially-available with You with built-in amplifiers to the with that match the the to of sound. or To (commercially-available) To the the sound to sound from the built-in this TIP
Connecting USB or Memory Devices) (EMP-7950 only) and USB connected to the that the and and that USB Showing the the CardPlayer) the played back with CardPlayer. Connecting USB using to the AC such as and USB should If USB the correctly. with the connected to the directly. To [USB A] USB To USB of CAUTION to the USB with, The following to USB or specified with as USB than length. If the that there wireless LAN or memory the USB CardPlayer function correctly. TIP
Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-7950 only) Showing the with the "EJECT" the CardPlayer and the the the CardPlayer) the the to CardPlayer. Operation finished, the USB from the the following Disconnecting USB from the PROCEDURE or USB from the If CardPlayer disconnecting the USB CardPlayer to CardPlayer first USB correctly. CAUTION turning the the off. If this connected, the or the the off with the the USB or USB from the [USB A] CAUTION
EPSO EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON This chapter operations such as turning and off and the Operations EP EPSON EPSO the Quality............................... (Wall the Selection) the Easy-to-see Without Selecting the Projection Quality the Turning the On.................................... Connecting the Turning the On and Projecting Function) Selecting Source While Projected Turning the the the Function)......................42 Focusing the Screen the Manually Correcting Distortion........................45 the vertically with to the from the of the the correction.................................................. correction and correction Correction the the Exactly Corner)..... Correcting Distortion Manually that EPSON EPSON SON ON Preventing theft Protect) Protect Protect ON Protect" (ON) to "ON" and Protect" (ON)............................59 EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON SON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON
that the facing the as the the accessory to the the and then the securely the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Turning the On Turn the to CAUTION the other of the to the lights earthed If the the "Direct ON" command the "Advanced2" to "ON", the and once when the the the other that connected to the Connecting the PROCEDURE TIP The and the buttons flashing function while the TIP that the turned off the and connected to the the or other to the the cover.
Turning the On Press the the the lights normally about or the to the The flashes flashing and lights steadily, and seconds to the If Protect the Protect Release when the turned the "ON", of the buttons the If the "Advanced2" "Operation to the Turning the On and TIP from flashing to Remote TIP If the the [R/C] switch the to "ON". that the flashing and the buttons such PROCEDURE the the The and buttons appear. flashing function while the the the to Turn the connected to the playback necessary.
Turning the On [Computer/DVI] while the If input from of the [BNC], or these buttons once, the that currently currently projected, the of this input currently displayed, the of this input and the Network The input to the the The input to the the the when the [Computer/DVI] displayed the when the The item selected the "BNC command the If input from the [DVI] or [Computer] or BNC] while the The item selected the command the the appears the the using appear. the appear. once. once. when the EMP-7950. the or If than connected to the You the function to the to the to while to the following On-screen Remote (RGB) each [Computer/DVI] The pressed. to BNC BNC (RGB) BNC DVI [DVI] DVI The each pressed. BNC BNC
Turning the On Selecting Source While selected and them while selecting The function the from the currently- the to function operations. the Function) without to of the [Source] that the The following shows of to connected to the the straight If connected, the from that to the section of the with If or with LCD heading such as If the the "Connecting or to externally. buttons. TIP while, such as the shown Press the [Source] buttons the to the that input or which the displayed, the Press the [Preview] the to to the input that the below appear the the that currently Active PROCEDURE become the You If the of the should leaving the or IBM NEC from the [DVI] from the [Computer] from the the from from the [BNC] MP DVI BNC
Turning the On If the [Preview] while function active or screen displayed. If the function without the input the other than the the active used, these functions and the You hear the sound the the active while to the they the function activated. [Computer] or [DVI] the active "Computer/DVI the from that connected to the the to the the displayed. as TIP to the to the the selected. projected. the If the once the function and the the active projected. The selected then the active Press the function activated, the [ESC] or [Preview] To to the that the MP DVI BNC MP DVI BNC DVI
the to the the and clean or the appears If the "The overheating. nothing the the the or the off and then clean the TIP that the connected Turn the off the that connected to the turned off. Turning the Follow the below to turn the off. PROCEDURE Press the the The switch off. The and or the once flashing and lights cool-down the lights The cool-down about seconds. cool-down Press the the or the The following confirmation appear. Remote operated while the flashing lights The and buttons If the to "Network ON", operating. This and constantly. TIP seconds. (The off If to the off, other [ID] If the At the At the than of the following: this Press other Press OFF?
Turning the the cover to the when the to the from or dirty. the cover. If the the from the the from the outlet while the flashing otherwise operating CAUTION the [R/C] switch the to "OFF". TIP If the [R/C] switch the "ON", the the [R/C] switch to "OFF".
If correction or Sharpness it Turn the to the to the correctly. Focusing the PROCEDURE The following to the once the The of the basically the from the to the You and the to the the the Function) TIP If or optional fitted, the Turn the the to the this to the The function to of the PROCEDURE TIP the of If optional fitted, to the the If the the to the If the or optional and the optional further to the correctly. If If the of the or as of this or the If to the further, the further from the reduce the Turn to "T" to increase the Turn to "W" to
the to the If If the directly front of the appears the the and Corner" functions to this from the of the If the that or to the as follows. the vertically with to the If the that higher than the of the the front foot to the the the to the the correction function corrects the The when the foot to its the further than the foot. CAUTION
the If the vertically or turn the of the the the correction rear to to the height of the correctly. TIP retracted to the of the to of and The front foot and the and function to without appear the If this the If the front foot and the to the of the to the TIP foot Rear the front foot the obtained, the front of the to the While the foot the front of the and then release the foot front foot. PROCEDURE To the front foot, the while the foot Foot
the corrects when the that occurred the using to to the of The correction function easily correction and to vertically distorted. the correction" This with the following correction whichever function the that appears. further correction This with correction function corrects If would to or the that the of the and correction manually. Manually Correcting Distortion correction and correction" "Height Correction" to the or right, correction within of approximately or or If the within of or If the both and vertically the become the correction automatically. If the If optional the to "W" following TIP the to the This correction function when both and that fits the exactly. Corner:
the correction that with the vertically, correction both together to If function to correction If amount of correction applied, such correction when the The the of the the of the turned off. If the or correction the that the other function corrections that using the become the function to the of the and "Height" the The and Corner" to the correction as text characters and of the become. necessary. TIP correction appears the while correction the and correction or the correction "Rear or If would to further corrected manually the correction manually. the "Advanced1" to "ON", or the Corner" function. TIP If the of the correction the sharpness of the command the to "OFF". If correction to the the
the If the right of the elongated If the of the elongated correction and correction using using the the or the This to the to already the height correction If the correction function when height correction correction and correction If the displayed the the when correction exceeded. that the correction and correction that the correction and which the TIP If Corner" selected the of the the Corner" correction buttons. or the carrying correction and correction, and then the correction. PROCEDURE TIP If the of the elongated If the top of the
the the to the or to the height while the the or right, or the the the height of the become shorter. the height correction and correction The height correction function from the correction function to the height of the This when correction Height Correction PROCEDURE Select ESC ESC Height Height OFF OFF ON ON Advanced1 anced1 Advanced2 anced2 About About or the Then Press the the from the of the to the the Height OFF ON Advanced1 the the the or the to the ESC Advanced2 About
the or the This to If using the Corner" Corner correction the the to Correcting Distortion that the Projection the Exactly Corner) You the the to Press the the and then the to corrected the the corner. [ESC] (Press to the or carrying Corner" correction, Corner" If selected the of the or buttons. the and then the correction. The Corner correction displayed. the or Press the PROCEDURE TIP appear yellow. The selected [ESC] (Press to
the Screen the or the the the to the the to buttons the to the and You the the Press the correction displayed, the correction the the of the while using the Corner function, that the If the [ESC] the or the while the Corner If the appears the correction reached. the following to their [ESC] (Press to TIP correction that recorded and the Corner the Corner correction displayed, the following If the input or that input while using the Corner function, the function function the too
The Wall function operated the or the the pressed, the displayed Press the [Wall the or the while the projected. the PROCEDURE to the of the and the Wall function used, without appear and to The Wall function that located the Wall function the normally the of the based these The Wall function allows to If of such as and coloured which instead of to clear when they might otherwise appear Projecting Easy-to-see Without Screen the Quality The of the as follows. (Wall the of the instance the reflective such as whiteboard, or highly non-reflective such as Wall the within approximately this TIP
the Quality The as follows each the [Wall Shot] correction that (the seconds correction that obtained the the turned off, If the location as the with the to "Wall OFF". the operation when the turned off. necessary). pressed. TIP approximately seconds while the [Wall while "Wall To the the [Wall OFF" displayed, the to "Wall while the the the ON" and of the If the location or the of the should the Wall If the [Wall while "Wall ON" displayed, "Wall displayed and "Wall selected, the then Wall ON Wall OFF Wall Memory "Wall ON" the that "Wall correction the To the correction, the [Wall while Once the finished and the corrected OFF" selected. Wall ON Wall OFF Wall ON Wall
the Quality If the the or this "ON"), If the "Advanced2" to "OFF" (the RGB projected, the the while then TIP RGB from and these that the of the following three items: obtained. Tracking and the type of the such the "Tracking", and commands to the correctly If the the or the the while the function or function active, the active function and then the the manually. Remote while the function used.
the Quality While holding the the The tracking each the pressed. the If appear the and this to the manually the following the Tracking The flash when tracking this TIP Tracking the or the This to the to the the While holding the the The tracking increases each the pressed. the Press the following buttons to the tracking the from the PROCEDURE
the Quality While holding the the The each the pressed. the that input from the and this If or interference appear using to the manually using the following the If the without the tracking first, it incorrect tracking clearly, to the It to and with of and to to the Incorrect tracking the brightness, sharpness and correction noticeable with of tracking first. TIP While holding the the The increases each the pressed. the or the This using the to the to the using the or interference from the Press the following buttons to the the PROCEDURE
the Quality Selecting the the or the This to the to the selecting the PROCEDURE the selecting the that The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily to the The of the which selected. Selecting the Quality Selection) The as follows each the Theatre the pressed. The displayed the each the Remote to the If the connected both the and the connected to Brightness bright Brightness emphasised. bright and fresher to brightness. using tints. Theatre Application other of projected: input: "Presentation" The the as follows:
The using the the or the This to the and the to the using the You the the sound from the built-in or from the that connected to the the PROCEDURE Press the the or the the increases, and when The appears the when the the the to the to the Remote If the the the when the that the The individually each reached. TIP
If the once lighting and If the button, light and the Press the the to the the buttons the to the buttons to that If the then numbers. Preventing theft Protect) turning the the first the purchase, the the Protect function activated, people who the the to when the turned without It recommended that Furthermore, the that displayed the background of the This effective theft. the Protect function promptly. Protect The buttons the switch to while the buttons Remote the turned the first the connected to the or when Direct On the following displayed. ON Protect" (ON) the centrally the the the If the connected to the outlet and the when the turned the first without the appearing. The On to "ON" and using or to the and then reconnected. If Direct first the turned the supply restored. when to the the operation.
Preventing theft Protect) of the each the disconnected and from the If the when the each the turned The of to the turned the of that the The when the the from the when the If to "OFF", the displayed. closed. to "ON" and "The locked." Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the operations incorrect the "International Warranty Conditions" section the the "International Warranty approximately and then the switch to If this the from the outlet and then and the If to the of the thirty the following If incorrect three the and the of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms back to the that appears the and "The operation locked. the displayed, the Terms TIP the the the the the "A/V the the "Advanced1" ("ON" or "OFF") from to or or when from or from to or "OFF", or when from or "OFF" to to operations, and the To If to of the following user the Protect" to "OFF" first. Protect" (ON)
Preventing theft Protect) the or the Press the [ESC] the or the Select ON Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the the or the the Turn ON Protect" the If the the Press the the and the The Protect displayed. approximately seconds. seconds. the following to Protect. Protect PROCEDURE buttons to within the of Press the the and the If If to "ON", Select and then the the or the and the finished the Protect" the the [ESC] the to hours, then the the the countdown the to specify to the or the the or the the If this to without the 9999H 0H OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Protect Protect ON Protect Remote If Protect already the the the Protect Protect" displayed. displayed. Protect to "ON", the Protect to the to increase anti-theft effectiveness. :Select TIP
Preventing theft Protect) Press the the to Once the the that the turned off. TIP the or the Press the [ESC] the or the Select Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the the or the the Turn Protect" the and the counter cleared of the that and If the to the the the and the to count of the and The the displayed, the or the If the incorrectly, To and then the and then the the The the If the shown Once four the The "The The displayed as should this to own prompting to the or the the the displayed. the the displayed.
Network the EMP-7900).............................. Network Functions the EMP-7900............. Compatible Computers...................................................... and Uninstalling the Software......... the software Uninstalling the software Network Function EMP Accessory Software....................................................................98 Computers that EMP Computers that EMP NetworkManager........................99 Network the If Connecting Manually Function SNMP and the SNMP and Reporting the and Functions the the "About" This chapter the of and to the Functions Projection................. A/V Function Function Function Function Effect Function the Straight and Curved Function....................................................................69 the Ratio.....................................71 Selecting the from ID/Remote ID ID ID Function Advanced Operations Centralised EMP the Functions of "Effect" "Advanced1" "Advanced2"
the appearance when the and sound You the "A/V the to to of the following three Functions Enhancing Projection This section the functions that to to the where the A/V function activated. and sound to played back the and this function when the operations such as selecting while it when to of This function the and sound. A/V Function the to to the A/V function the "Brightness the A/V function used, the "Brightness to the The the EPSON You the recording and TIP You the [ESC] Press the [A/V once to the or the Press the [A/V the The and sound then or the PROCEDURE
Functions Projection This function and reduce of such The function using the as and Function PROCEDURE This function the The sound and to The back the while from the where without Function the to the of the that to the to the the indicating the the to Press the the appear the You the [ESC] the or the To the the once Press the the The then Remote PROCEDURE The function while the function or displayed, the If the the while and used. TIP
Functions the top of the that currently displayed the and This function The the sub-screen selected the "P P" or displayed the sub-screen. the Function the pressed, the with the its the The ratio appear the bottom-right of the pressed, the then reduced. You around the the The appear the of the and the the to the and then the and sub-screen the type of operation appear the of the sub-screen the "P P" command the the The function that the refresh to RGB The function the PROCEDURE TIP The selected to reduce the to the function You the Effect function with the of To the function, the [ESC] ratio TIP Sub-screen
Functions Projection screen and the accepted, the operation To the the the operation the and the sub-screen and the sub-screen accepted. function, the once TIP the the to the of the sub-screen. The of the sub-screen memorised, that the the and the sub-screen, To the sound the Press the the following operations to switch the sound appear the which the To the sound the Press the [A/V the and the function used. Press the the to the of the sub-screen to of The below the the of the when the and height of the the the sub-screen when the pressed.
Functions Projection You the to to of that would to about and that each area.The to the The appear the of the Press the [Effect] the the [Effect] pressed. the PROCEDURE You the and then This function to of that to The Effect function the the to straight and to. Effect Function TIP Remote thickness of the that The selected such as type, and the and as or and then You the "Effect" to the when To the function, the [ESC] The to the then from the the
Functions Straight the to the the Curved the to the the approximately seconds to and the and the The light. the the The type as the function used, that appear. the turned off, the that the the turned off, that when the the first to the the function used. TIP Straight the to the the Curved the to the the Press the or [ESC] The light The the appear as the and the the off. the the The to the The appear the of the and that each the [Effect] pressed, and then the type of Press the [Effect] the that that type. You straight to aspects of and freehand to of the such as when Straight and Curved PROCEDURE Curved Straight Remote
Functions Projection the these the and to then these and apply them to RGB that the and that the this RGB from currently the the of these Function The thickness and of the Straight and individually. the when the Effect function the [Effect] the when the and the accepted. TIP Press the the or the and then the from the Then the that would to Sharpness Brightness Tracking PROCEDURE To the function, the [ESC] The and the that then To further and from the Select Select Preset Advanced1 Advanced2 About
Functions Enhancing Projection and to the the existing that already If that already The that input recording TIP Once the the or the the the and then the Sharpness Brightness Tracking Advanced1 Effect the to Press the the or the the the input the appear. Remote Select the Select ESC Select Select Preset Advanced2 About recording of whether Wall or To clear the memorised from the off. However, the Wall memorised. that this clear of the TIP Advanced Effect Select ESC Advanced2 About
Functions which the that they the the and which the the resized the of the input Selecting the the Ratio You the while the and input While RGB from The the the to apply appear the otherwise the selection the the to the from the lowest recording each the that currently pressed. Applying PROCEDURE resized each the the or the pressed. The switches and Remote PROCEDURE and input appear Remote If the Entry" Preset that appear when the TIP
Functions Enhancing The individually the of SXGA input the holding the the as shown below each the while If the input the as the the each TIP If the input than the to right to If the input higher than the of the the The the input The section of the the to projected. You the around the
Functions that output aspect ratio of the that they the of the and the and right and displayed. HDTV You switch the aspect ratio and when that recorded and DVD and projected. Projecting from PROCEDURE as follows each the while holding the the with aspect ratio of the Top TIP that displayed aspect ratio of the that they appear vertically elongated. The each the the or the SDTV
Functions USB RS-232C High Brightness OFF ON BNC Termination OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Direct ON ID COM Network Advanced1 Advanced2 About the ID to operated the ID the and the to with the ID Alternatively, If using than such as of the ID numbers. ID/Remote ID TIP The that the ID" from to ID" to Select ESC TIP Press the the or the and then ID" from the "Advanced2" The ID and the this operation. ID PROCEDURE Remote
Functions Projection Press the [ID] the The [ID] light. ID Remote Remote PROCEDURE or the to the ID the to Press the the or the the or the the ID the High Brightness to that If other than the Press the to the to The light the [ID] off and the the ID the the ID operated the Once the the the ID the the ID or ID of to the USB RS-232C OFF ON BNC Termination OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Direct ON ESC ID COM Network Advanced1 Advanced2 About Effect Remote
Functions Enhancing Projection This function such as that deactivating operation, or such as to the of that operated. This function the buttons the Function PROCEDURE the [ID] the that the the [ID] flash, and the of flashes lights, and then the [ID] once If would to the ID that currently the ID TIP Press the the or the and then "Advanced2" from the the confirmation displayed, The with the selected If to "ON", of the buttons the the operated. to "ON". the "Advanced2" There to the lock. about seconds, displayed and the the continuously the to "OFF" TIP
The hierarchical with that which further other The to of and the to the the Functions Sharpness Brightness Tracking Select Advanced1 Effect Advanced2 About Select Preset
the Functions the Functions The which appear the the type of input projected. Functions which the The the from and while input. input Function RGB/RGB of Functions when appear the when RGB input) Tracking when RGB the and Press the the or the the vertically and the input) when RGB brightness, sharpness and correction You the the tracking when or and when the first and then the synchronization. interference appear the input) Select Select Select RGB) Brightness Sharpness Tracking Advanced1 Advanced2 About the brightness. Brightness the sharpness. Sharpness The to the the light and the manually. Select Brightness Advanced1 Effect Select Sharpness Advanced2 About
the Functions the Functions Function Corrects the of the The Brightness emphasized. If to the :Brightness emphasized. and fresher to each type of or the the "Advanced1" to 6500K. to the You from bright brightness. the surroundings. bright tints. Theatre (Selection when RGB the input the used. The input The input selected manually. with the input input and selected) (Recording only when RGB Allows to and then The when to selected. which already existing that the input that If to RGB that the the selecting that input)
the Functions the Functions Function Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the the to their
the Functions the Functions the brightness. Brightness Function the and Press the the or the the vertically and the the light and the Select Sharpness Brightness Advanced1 Advanced2 About Effect the sharpness. Sharpness Corrects the of the The that Brightness emphasized. If to the tints. The white function :Brightness emphasized. and fresher to or bright, to them using each type of or the the "Advanced1" to 6500K. to the and of operates that You from bright brightness. the surroundings. bright to Theatre appear when the input RGB the intensity the appear when the input RGB the tint. Advanced1 Brightness Sharpness Select Select About Select Select Advanced2
the Functions the Functions Function (Selection when the and to the selected Press the the or the input and selected) Selects the choose the automatically. the and to their the to Select to including Press the the or the the functions to their
the Functions the Functions Computer/DVI Function this to specify the [Computer] or [DVI] Computer/DVI: The sound that input as the that sound input to from the [DVI] from the [Computer] of the that The when The when the associated projected. selected. DVI DVI Computer/ DVI Computer/DVI Computer/DVI Advanced1 Advanced2 Effect the of the the of the bass the Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the the to their Select About The individually each input TIP
the Functions the Functions Width: Thick Light Color: Function Select the from the following the or that displayed when the [Effect] the once. types. that when the the of the straight and Select the of the straight and Select the the from Thick, or Thin. from or from Rate Width Rate Effect Rate Advanced1 "Effect" Advanced2 Width: Color: The items and the as the or that when the [Effect] the The items and the as the or that displayed when the [Effect] the three Rate Select About Width: Thin Color: Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the the "Effect" functions to their the which the when the H: High M: L:
the Functions the Functions ON Function vertically and correcting If "Rear or to corrections the and automatically. "ON", this item selected. It to This function the as This function the as This correction when buttons the correction the height of or the "Advanced1" correction or and This function only when "Rear buttons the This the function and off It to the of when the corrections the the to "OFF". Corner Height Press the the or the the and then Corrects the correction. Corner Select Black A/V Black OFF ON OFF Advanced1 Advanced2 About Effect Select Select OFF ON BNC Corner: correction Corrects the four corners of the to the If the become appearance correction the "Sharpness" the the exactly.
the Functions the Functions Function to "OFF", the background becomes To the to own the and background such as when input. and displayed. using the function, this selects whether the that the sub-screen or Black ON If the Protect" function of Protect from "OFF", or to Protect" to "OFF" and then the to "OFF", or to "ON", the To the to (OFF) when switching the or Selects whether the or the (ON) or displayed the when the [A/V pressed. A/V If the and "BNC to the input "Black" or to Protect" to to or from If the Protect" function of Protect to "ON", the "OFF" and then the Selects the input the that connected to the [Computer] BNC Selects the to match the that connected to the [BNC]
the Functions the Functions Function OFF to "ON", and the cool-down finished, the to operations Projection when the the operation when approximately while the the or the lights displayed. (The input. pressed. the and "BNC This to the the Protect" function of Protect to "ON" and or "A/V to the to their Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the
the Functions the Functions EPSON Function "ON". Protect" to "OFF" and then the and then follow the instructions that appear the Protect" function of Protect to recorded the Press the the or the the Records Advanced1 Advanced2 Effect Select About
the Functions the Functions Function ON this the off, and when ("OFF") the Protect" function of Protect to "ON". The the the finished, the back This ("ON") and Protect" to "OFF" and then the back To the to whether the displayed or Network OFF Network ON Advanced2 OFF RGB OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Screen Rear "Advanced1" Advanced1 Effect only when or to "OFF", without This with of to or Converts to This The The function turned off. and the IP each field input) OFF Select Select [English] About function operates and the as with from the
the Functions the Functions Function the and of each RGB bright within the while the This item selected selected as If the higher, If the lower, "R" (red), or the the or the the "G" or "B" and the appear and tones appear and the Press the the Press the the appear bluish and tones appear from to bluish the the (red, each input of the the RGB OFF OFF to "ON", the rotated to "ON", correction when the and and vertically reversed. to "ON", the to "ON", correction when from reversed. Rear
the Functions the Functions Network OFF Function to "Network ON", the To the the off and then the functions and the function and the to "Network ON" to and and the cool-down finished. while the country of purchase) English This to the the Protect" function of Protect to "ON" the "Advanced1" the "Rear and to their and to "OFF". the and Press the the or the the displays. choose the Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the
the Functions the Functions Function High This the to of reduced, the amount of electricity and Select the too bright such as when or selected, the of the reduced and the operating Brightness USB RS-232C High Brightness OFF ON OFF ON Direct ON OFF ON BNC Termination ID Network COM "Advanced2" Advanced1 Advanced2 RS-232C the ID the and the EMP function or function used. It the IP Gateway when the connected to to of when SNMP This to "RS-232C" or "USB" To the the off the that with and the cool-down finished. COM the DHCP IP and (EMP-7900 only) Network ID Select OFF ON About OFF ON the termination the [BNC] This OFF: TTL (Normal the This should normally to "OFF". If termination such as switcher required, ON termination processing. the to "ON". input when the input Selects whether the function switched to Termination BNC
the Functions the Functions Function OFF off the then the cool- the connected, "Direct ON" to "ON", the without to the and then to and then the If the connected to the when "Direct ON" to "ON", the the restored. ON Direct OFF to "ON", the the approximately the If the the function holding the to "ON", the operation of buttons the exiting the seconds. Select to including the "Advanced2" the to the and to their the ID" and "Network" Press the the or the to their
the Functions the Functions Function 0H the operating both "High the warning reached, the Brightness" and Brightness". characters appear red. selected, the operating to the the operating this The item appears as "0H" hours, and The "About" shows the the RGB, that appears of hour. input /RGB "About" appear when the input the input or EasyMP.) appear when the input Computer, RGB or the appear when the input the and or appear when the input the polarity. or the input which currently projected. Source SYNC Polarity Select 0H (High Brightness) 0H Brightness) Refresh Rate Advanced2 SYNC Polarity SYNC Source Advanced1 About appear when the input the attributes. or appear when the input the input or appear when the input the refresh or Refresh SYNC Rate Select 0H (High Brightness) 0H Brightness) Source Advanced1 Advanced2 About
the Functions the Functions Function or to only the the Protect" function of Protect to items to their This function the "BNC the to This to the the Select such as the "ON" and or "A/V to Press the the or the ID", or to "OFF". "Network" and items each Advanced1 Advanced2 Select About
the Functions If the the to The the and If using the the to selection. Confirm the selection. then selection. The operated the or the Press the the The appears. or the the PROCEDURE or to or If the the If the the to Select Network OFF Network ON OFF Select [English] RGB OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Screen Rear The items the item selected the button or to or If the the If using the the Select to Network OFF Network ON OFF Select [English] RGB OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Screen Rear Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 About
the Functions them. If such the then to of the functions of each items which another to displayed items and the the or the the the which appears. when they selected TIP or to the the accepted, the items which currently appears to the or the or the to the to the selection, the the or the the item to the appear the or the Select the If the to the The items appearing the and the "About" the type of input projected. TIP to to the other items. To to previous the [ESC] the or the Select other items the Press the the or the the OFF OFF ON If would to while The to the the or the the and top-left or the bottom-right of the If the displayed from when the then the TIP Network OFF Network ON Select [English] RGB OFF ON OFF ON Rear
connected to of the and to This software to the of that the once carrying operations such as to and turning the the or off. It allows EMP and Network the EMP-7900) The following apply to the EMP-7900. If the EMP- The the EMP-7950 and the EMP-7900. to the Network and the You the of the and operations such as turning the and off from TIP function, that of with using However, the NetworkManager, that easily. operation to when such EMP NetworkManager to the of when using EMP This network from EMP NetworkManager the Software CD-ROM to the software to Carry the following operations the to and of the the software that included with the of and to of The EMP-7900 with SNMP You SNMP to and the of the from SNMP should who SNMP to the of this, The that when using SNMP with such as Function SNMP and the SNMP Network Functions the EMP-7900 the to the the the to the network of the function the to and the and EMP following software These to The Software CD-ROM with the the the following and and Functions the Accessory Software
and Network the EMP-7900) If 2000/NT4.0/XP, only The EMP and EMP NetworkManager software from the accessory Software CD-ROM as who as required. and Uninstalling the Software MB or MB or recommended) RAM II or higher recommended) MMX or higher CPU SE/Me/NT4.0/2000 Professional/ XP Edition/XP Professional Computers that EMP Compatible Computers appear, the and then "Next". Turn the the and that currently the Software" CD-ROM the The automatically. CD-ROM the software PROCEDURE SE/Me/NT4.0 (Service IE5.0 or Professional/XP/XP Edition/ XP Edition II or higher recommended) MMX or higher CPU MB or MB or recommended) RAM XGA or higher, or Computers that EMP NetworkManager supported. MB or from the then type "CD-ROM If the automatically, the and the "OK" software appear. TIP XGA or higher, or supported. KB or
and Network the EMP-7900) and then "Add/Remove" (or "Change/Remove" Computer", the to To the software, from using XP). Uninstalling the software TIP the and then the EMP and EMP NetworkManager Uninstall the software Follow the instructions that appear the to the installation. Selects the software to the
and Network the EMP-7900) the connected to the such as the IP the the used. Network the the accessory to these operations. or You The connected to using commercially- shielded twisted-pair to the to malfunction. Network then from the "Advanced2" Press the the and to the the PROCEDURE To To Network Network
and Network the EMP-7900) If to the IP that Trap IP and Trap IP "Trap IP then to the IP the IP to of SNMP that "Trap IP IP as SNMP distinguish the from other the The that to EMP NetworkManager to the the MAC the MAC Press the the to buttons shown right as You to as of the Press the to the If the light and the numbers. Once the the to the NetworkManager to the Once the connected to the EMP TIP The buttons the switch to while the Remote when "DHCP" to "OFF". the IP that assigned to the IP when "DHCP" to "OFF". the that assigned to the when "DHCP" to "OFF". the IP the that assigned to the The following the each whether DHCP or OFF: DHCP used. ON: DHCP used. DHCP Gateway
and Network the EMP-7900) and then [EMP NetworkManager]. (or to [EPSON With to EMP NetworkManager PROCEDURE when or with function, to with connected to the This the that there If EMP NetworkManager to the the with the Reporting the Function If the the displayed, to Double-click the the to "Connecting Manually". PROJECTOR03 PROJECTOR02 PROJECTOR01 EMP482800... to of three If the "Advanced1" to the to If with which to recorded, and to three "Network ON", when the of the (when the off). once. TIP If the displayed. EMP NetworkManager the to the following EMP NetworkManager. and The and the connected to the
and Network the EMP-7900) You from to each of the IP the following IP Specify IP of the SMTP to (where used. The following shows the each to "ON" to the function. IP of SMTP function of the and the following Network displayed. this to the that related cover to when or warning with the You or of the following. High-speed cooling Specify the of the to three You to The as "Destination characters. as the of the SMTP specify this The You from to Destination function the "Advanced2" displayed. If "DHCP" to "OFF", the the "Network" that necessary. characters. Hyphens(-) used. The of to that numeric-only Once the the completed, and the such as the The following of displayed.
and Network the EMP-7900) The then applied, and the to the that appeared Click to EMP NetworkManager. the and to security. To right- the TIP The to the Network Once the completed, [OK]. The of the "TEST MAIL". It IP that the the following information. TEST MAIL (subject) The You to the that To If to displayed. the finished appears, [OK].
and Network the EMP-7900) If the of the that would to appear the the following to manually the EMP NetworkManager. Connecting Manually PROCEDURE If with "EPSON the to that there with the the IP that as the The following information the of the The IP that the where the The of the where the occurred of the occurred If Double-click selection] the PROJECTOR03 PROJECTOR02 PROJECTOR01 EMP482800... The of the The following shows the that the each "Reading the Indicators" cover related input to the the or that the the turned or to the of the occurred High-speed cooling
and Network the EMP-7900) that already recorded EMP shared EMP NetworkManager. EMP NetworkManager. EMP PROCEDURE The following IP displayed. You should the following when manually connecting Indicates that specifying the IP manually. Indicates that EMP manually or that EMP NetworkManager. Indicates that found search The that recorded displayed the PROJECTOR03 PROJECTOR02 PROJECTOR01 EMP482800... the IP the to connected. IP the with the specified IP to the the with the specified IP to the of the IP of the that EMP the Select the EMP and then The selection displayed. Click
(or to [EPSON With to and then [EMP EMP PROCEDURE Centralised using EMP EMP to the of that the the and off and the classrooms or instance, they using If there that connected to the and to operations such as turning once and TIP to to If already and or would to If EMP the first the EMP the to the following EMP and If 2000/NT4.0/XP, The and the connected to the who as of and operated If the "Advanced1" to "Network ON", EMP to and when the (when the turned off). once this
Centralised using EMP Select the to or and then The of that currently connected to the displayed Click If there other that would to that to Selected [Confirm]. If the appears, The the function to then to the the If the IP of the that would to the Click to the Manually the IP and then TIP
Centralised EMP The of the each Once the of the displayed each EMP from then displayed. the of the appear the The to the and Once to The indicated of the following The following shows the OFF with ON with ON with Once If there the that to the and then the function using the function Network connected to connected, the of the OFF with If the IP that the that the and then to the IP function the function. TIP
Centralised using EMP the the the Furthermore, the operations as selecting The turned the which the to selected the and off the and the input the to within the specified If to of the first the and then while the selected and If would to [Select and then the operation each the clicked. Source the currently selected input Computer, Computer1 or Computer2 or If with the the indicated of the following icons. "Reading the Indicators" the with DVI or HDMI cooling High-speed cover High internal D4 updated the to Click the "Refresh" the to EMP closed. The EMP The information that when the related
Centralised using EMP the information the selected [Computer] [Computer1] or Switches to the input connected to the PC1, the off the selected OFF the the selected ON The following shows the function of each button. Switches to the input connected to the [BNC] BNC Switches to the input connected to the [DVI] or [HDMI] DVI,HDMI Switches to the input connected to the [D4] D4 Switches to the input connected to the [Computer2] or PC2, Switches to the input connected to the Switches to the input connected to the Switches to or EasyMP.net. To EMP from the the top-right of the or
This chapter to and what to found. Troubleshooting the Reading the Indicators......................................................116 the relating to Other to and
Select the then or Select with with sound and Press the the or the The displayed. displays to the It of If with the the function and the PROCEDURE Press the the or the the to Confirm the selection. selection. Remote or to or If using the the If the the to Select Remote To to previous the [ESC] the or the TIP
the and to through the to The cleared when the pressed. items. The the off/ too too The right. The distorted. The too appears the The If the function to the to Select [ESC]: TIP
If with the first the while to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three These of the operating of the Reading the The following what the and to the that they off flashing using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms related or
off flashing the Then or the the "International If the back and then the If the If this the the and the from Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms with the and the the replaced.) further If the or when the back the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the to overheat the checked, or the Terms following the the to the back The turn off and about without that the and clear, and that the operating the that the the that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch If the or them. (overheating) (This abnormality, the too high that the and clear and that they such as automatically.) High-speed cooling If to the the the that the increase. the with as as the the *The If the clean the with
off flashing turning off the the from the when Press the the or the to the this (Not Please Warm-up approximately seconds. the flashing to steady (Not Warm-up or cool-down. Press the and the to The cool-down about seconds. (This factors such as the You the the or the (Not steady Please Cool-down (Not Projection If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. TIP
First to the following to what type of that and then to the containing of the sound heard or the sound Other Projection the completely the completely the appear relating to The The when turned off such as interference, or white appear. The "Not Supported." Interference or appear The truncated or or of right of the displayed. The whole appears purplish or reproduction performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear appear
to Networks and The and the EMP function when with the You from another when EMP NS found established or wired LAN when EMP EMP-7950 only Network displayed, or the correctly with EMP Microsoft Office Network the as The slideshow when the Network slideshows played back with Network Network
Press the [A/V the or the to the A/V function. the A/V function active? Press the the or the to the The the [R/C] switch of the "ON". the pressed? relating to appear If or connected to the the to the the correct? If the to "OFF", to or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. to "OFF"? input such as completely the completely of the the correctly? when when from to the If to used, the the to "ON", the off lights this Press the the or the operations about while input. The to "OFF". to "ON"?
If or connected to the the command to the the correct? the to the input. "About" the and of the The Supported." displayed the match the and of the Press the [Source] the or the to the If the while the already turned the function that switches when the externally, they the to Turn the the and title such as or "Connecting to the to as as the If the to the LCD or to the accessory appear the LCD or accessory the off and then back that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when the to the the input selected? The when from or with built-in LCD
The recommended when or optional the that within this the the If optional to the the optional further Turn the the to the the correctly? the cover. the cover attached? or of the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the the off and the to If the from to or the If or connected to the the to the the correct? Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the too Interference or appear If used, interference the the accessory and this used? too If the correctly using Press the the or the the the the and Check that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" the selected? the and Tracking correctly? when when
If RGB input, the the or If the correctly the function, the If other than RGB input, the manually the the to the manually the command. the command. Press the the or the Press the [ESC] the to the function. the correctly? the the function? the aspect ratio correct? the or about of the the To the whole of If activated the of the the the the turn off the the the to match the when when the correctly?
If the or "BNC the to "RGB" when when or RGB connected to the [Computer] or [BNC] of the If the or "BNC the to the appear purplish. connected to the [Computer] or [BNC] of the the Select the the connected "BNC appear the input match the from the connected right the [Wall the or the to the to "Wall OFF". To the Wall "Wall If or connected to the the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the to the "Advanced1" the correctly? the "Brightness" to the brightness. "Brightness" the to the the Wall function to "Wall ON"? the correctly? the correctly? the "Color" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. "Color", "Tint" the and correctly? when from
the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the and "Brightness" the "Contrast" command to the "Advanced2" "Brightness the brightness and correctly? the correctly? appear the nearly the become and the become this the should with the If the sound output from the If using the from the built-in that the connected to the the correctly? the that sound heard. sound heard or the sound connected to the the to the Other Press the [A/V the or the to the A/V function. the A/V function active? the "Computer/DVI the to match the projected, or to "Computer/DVI". the "Computer/DVI correct?
The operating the and approximately the the light-receiving vertically. The operating the the [R/C] switch to the "ON" the [R/C] switch the "ON" the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? the too from the The If the connected to the the light-receiving of the or the light-emitting of the If the the from the of the or the If the ID to other than the ID match the ID otherwise the If operating the from or would to that operations properly, the optional the location where light the light- batteries, while that they correctly. the of the the connected to or the the or the correctly? the ID match the ID the sunlight or light from light-receiving If the to "Network ON", the to the cool-down "Advanced1" finished. the to "Network ON"? The when turned off
that the connected correctly. If connected or connected incorrectly, the connected correctly? that the wireless LAN correctly the of the and Removing Cards" the wireless or wired LAN when with the to Networks and the EMP-7950 "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the the If the EMP-7900 If the EMP-7950 If the function while the the "Advanced1" to "Network ON". the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide checked, or the the If the Warranty Terms causing the to momentarily the to correct? to "Network ON"? to wired LAN, or the EMP-7950 when the EMP-7900 the to the location where the interrupted, or the the that the connected to tripped. to the
that the connected correctly. If connected or incorrectly, the connected correctly? that the wireless LAN correctly the of the and Cards" the wireless or wired LAN The and the EMP function connected to wired LAN, or using the EMP-7950 when the EMP-7900 the EMP-7950 "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the the If the EMP-7900 If the EMP-7950 "If You to Uninstall the Software" and Software" the Network Uninstall EMP and then If the EMP-7950 If the EMP-7900 the the the to that to and the EMP function correctly to the the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the outlet that the connected to tripped. to the If the EMP function while the the "Advanced1" to "Network ON". to "Network ON"?
terminate the and to the establishing from If the and the unknown, terminate the [ESC] the the from the displayed and then the the from the already connected to another the to the first If the or the known, to If try to to from while Network and the the from the and then To terminate the from the "Disconnecting from Network the Network terminated and the then to the terminating the the You from another when (EMP-7950 only) the the the without closing the that the connected correctly. If connected or incorrectly, the connected correctly? that the wireless LAN correctly the of the and Cards" the wireless or LAN EMP NS found (EMP-7950 only) connected to wired LAN, or the EMP-7950 when the EMP-7900 the EMP-7950 whether the LAN functioning the Network while the displayed. the to to the If the off, the wireless LAN and and Removing Cards" the ready LAN or in-built LAN functionality to used? the of the wireless LAN that the the the
other terminology such as the of the wireless LAN to wireless LAN or LAN the the wireless LAN the to (such as to to Check the wireless LAN the to connected to wireless LAN easy If the that using LAN the to EMP NS selected, otherwise to EMP NS and the from the "Switch LAN" or "Network (Macintosh) "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the DHCP of the wired LAN to "OFF" the the wave to the highest intensity. Please the wireless LAN. the DHCP function of the wired LAN to "ON"? features of which the there within the If wireless LAN wireless LAN? the the wireless LAN to low-intensity? the selected correctly EMP NS to wireless LAN easy or used. You conforming to other (such as or If using easy WEP to "OFF", otherwise "Connecting (Wireless LAN)" the Network WEP to "OFF". the LAN or WEP to "ON" the
the ESSID search function, or the ESSID the or and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the that they the the ESSID correct? If "WEP" selected the "Security" the WEP the or "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network and the to the WEP established or wired LAN (EMP-7950 only) "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network If DHCP of the manually. Select IP EMP NS and IP If Connected Appear the the the (EMP-7950 only) such as the MAC and the of the correctly? the the and the the and the correctly? the IP and operating nearby. Turn off the to the BUFFALO or ESSID to there BUFFALO to the ESSID that the the displayed, or the displayed correctly. Network or wired LAN to easy when WEP or or used. Network displayed, or the (EMP-7950 only) trying to the or or wired LAN wireless LAN there BUFFALO operating using WEP or connecting to
If DHCP when or when to wired LAN, to to DHCP to to. of the the the such something to EMP NS playback. If the EMP NS while played back, or the and the such as or and restoring or wired LAN using DHCP when wireless LAN EMP NS or the or of while slideshows displayed correctly with OS to of the operating back slideshows with OS or the with Network If when already to slideshows. Check The slideshow when the Network (EMP-7950 only) slideshows played back with Network (EMP-7950 only) trying to Network when using OS 10.2.x-based Network when firewall other than NS Protect firewall? Network (EMP-7950 only)
the constantly? as the the Stop the when the Microsoft Office Network the as (EMP-7950 only) correctly with EMP (EMP-7950 only) that created or edited EMP the Procedures without the to If the and Network to to the JPEG information about Microsoft Office JPEG to the the Microsoft Office. from EMP NS (EMP-7950 only) displayed pasted displayed, the Microsoft Office JPEG or thumbnails trying to created the displayed. If this closing EMP NS and then restarting If the to DHCP the IP to If the IP within about seconds the displayed, the security software the and the the Turn the the the and then the "Search the Carry the following. or the turned Network automatically.
the the that displayed the and that Click to the to the The to the other Click to to the The the and the other You to to already connected to another terminated. affected. Select the of each and the Network Select from the The selected to Incorrect the the "If You would to the Software" and Software" the Uninstall and then EMP NS Network to EMP NS "Connecting the and the the Network The when trying to to with the the and the the input If the the closed and the occurred the and the and the the the and the the If the attempted. If the Network closed. Communication occurred. to One of the connected with the One of the connecting to EMP-735. the of the to SXGA or lower. the the and the EasyMP the Network the the the the and to If the following. the the following: to information. and SXGA and retry.
the the and the One or to when to to To to the that to terminate the and If The used. Network the There responding. the the that the and that the the that "Wired LAN or "Access (Wireless LAN)" Next, the "IP Address" the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" If "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the the the to connected. the wireless LAN If the the and the and specify that IP when IP to "Access to Connected Appear the Operation the Network The of the connected to the to higher than XGA Clicking the the of the Clicking aborts the To the the to XGA or lower. PC higher than XGA to of the specified IP The of the connected to the to or higher. Clicking the the If displayed, to the EMP NS than NS to to
that the to to The to which and the the the Not enough It to the the Operation from EMP (EMP-7950 only) the **.SIT already the the EMP the to another the the EMP the the selecting or search the the The of the to found. This the following reasons. "Search or function or other The The containing the and the that the containing the to to allow the to or of the already the or the and or directory The to to the or corrupted and used. the the containing the path. the including the while
that "Wired LAN or "Access (Wireless LAN)" and specify that IP when IP the the to connected. If selected the "Wireless LAN" the to Next, the "IP Address" the "Wired LAN" or the LAN" If using the EMP-7950 incorrect the If the the WEB the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" The incorrect. to the of the IP from EMP Select "Advanced2" the the to connected, and "Connecting or Wired LAN If the the and the then the IP Specify this IP when connecting IP the Network network the If the EMP-7900 If the and
This chapter information to the of performance the of ESC/VP21 Commands........................... Command Communication USB USB Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the the of Supported Computer/RGB Specifications.................................................... Appearance........................................................ Optional and Optional
If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to with It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the operation and shortening of the service life. Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and You should clean the becomes or the of to CAUTION Cleaning to the Turn the and rear, and of containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the If the the cloth with Clean the with cloth. with cloth. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the CAUTION the with or the to shocks, as easily become clean the These the to and such as or thinner to the coating off. commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the Cleaning the CAUTION
The appears the screen when This section to the and the It to the when: the from the and then to and of clean them. displayed. Flashes flashing The If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. them with "Appendices: Optional and TIP The or to quality. with The should when the replaced.
the cooled sufficiently the If the of which the cover. It further hour the cool-down If the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the finished the to cool enough. that the the CAUTION of to the brightness and The to appear the following continuously high hours continuously hours of the "Brightness TIP Turn the off, the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. PROCEDURE If to the this the of the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should becomes the appears, the with as as ready it
the screwdriver that with the or other screwdriver to the fixing screws that the to the the fixing screws. the the cover from the of the the Then other screwdriver the hollow the the screwdriver that with the or and the cover, and The It further hour the cool-down the cooled and then released. the screwdriver the finished the to cool enough. the cover to cover and the
and then the clicks and the that the to the the fixing screws. the the as shown the below and If the with or further If the yourself, to of the of the the the cover clicks the cover.
Therefore, the counter to using the the warning to displayed. operating that when the operating reaches The built-in counter which track of the the with the TIP with The should of as the the or the cover correctly. the securely. If the cover the when the replaced. The mercury. of properly with regulations. TIP the operating the replaced. If the operating other the indicated correctly. the the and then the the The displayed. PROCEDURE
The the If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. Turn the off, the cool- the PROCEDURE or the the Select from the "About" and then the the 0H Brightness) 0H (High Brightness) to and then the The about seconds. Select and then the the or the the The operating then Refresh Rate SYNC Polarity SYNC Source NO YES NO YES
the and them they the the the screwdriver the hollow as shown the below, and then The the straight upwards. of properly with Polycarbonate, ABS Polyurethane TIP
If correction or the function used, they when the selected. Select the and then the the or the the TIP You Protect" the Protect to "ON". recorded, the previous Protect" to "OFF" and then the You the that currently as TIP the as NO YES TIP Select the and then the the or the the the or the and then the the that to as PROCEDURE the the or the their that when which that from the the the of the and when the Select Advanced1 Advanced2 Select About Effect
the the or the the Select the and then Select this buttons the to the of the to as the and then The to recorded and selection displayed, the to the the or the the or the the the of the to and the Select the the or the the and then the the NO YES [ESC]: the to TIP
the the or the The then Once the the Select the and then the "Completed." displayed. the or other which connected to the (about seconds). the while the If this Once the operation. to the factory If the previous NO YES as TIP
The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without The should as The Projection ratio Projection of ELPLW03 EMP-7950NL/7900NL) and the Approx. (Projection (Projection throw ELPLM03 throw ELPLL05 Optional and this to the hand. ELPKS29 Soft ELPKS28 roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Optional when the high or with ELPFC03 ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate when the mount ELPMB13 This the as the accessory VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 these the accessory too VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 from the Please would of to the to this of ELPAF01 as with and as ELPLP22 to OHP and ELPDC04 to the from Remote ELPKC28 This DVI the to with DVI-D/DVI-D ELPKC20 DVI-D RGB interface. to ELPKC19
back with and reproduction, without of from the This function directly that recorded the This allows such as DVD software that recorded to played pull-down function The following of of the terms this which or which the text of the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without to input 5BNC This that centrally authentication. using authentication of user information and authentication centralised. authentication high-level authentication and they to Authentication Compatible This security wireless Inc. It RADIUS authentication. Several authentication CCX, and this CCX there too wireless the this to interference from other wireless wireless each wireless LAN which the and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to LEAP authentication. which the brightness and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM the off. the while cool-down otherwise the cool-down when the the or the to high and this shorten the operating of the or with the of the properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal This the which the cooled become through It Cool-down graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The relative of the light and of increased or to and
which assigning IP that connected to DHCP sound Normal which which to this and photographs with (which to to such as of Format, which to infomation concerning the of memory DPOF to of DFP from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which displayed displayed Interlaced ESS of Service The ESSID with wireless LAN. Wireless with ESSID numbers. ESSID High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or greater scanning, scanning) reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV DVI which to household other than computers. It allows to higher than DFP, and includes function. Interface. to of (router) that that using Gateway function whether or function (DVI-D) DVI including Microsoft to of the of such as wireless Network Interface Specification. This that LAN It the the and the operating and and the and the NDIS assigned this and these as the Access MAC ID that assigned to each each MAC One of the authentication CCX It usernames and authentication without LEAP of that that connected to IP
LAN RADIUS and information centrally without of including wireless RADIUS authentication that RADIUS Remote Authentication Service. It that authenticating information such as usernames and and such as authenticating to wireless to information each when there wireless LAN. RADIUS of whereby the from from top to to The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh This function to that than or than the to that they the whole of the Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV routers and other that connected to the such as and terminals that these Network TCP/IP this and the SNMP consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Security this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the synchronized, such as The from If the match this the and interference (Synchronisation) which the and to quality. It to which of and C type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA international that that which easily operating (OS) and the of that the of to that to IP type of with of which IBM computers. SVGA
of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the The from If the match this the Tracking USB interface to peripheral which relatively USB Integrity This WPA The of to it to the TKIP IP the when SNMP reports that occurred. Trap IP the and with the This of Wired Privacy. This security which the WEP. WEP type of with of which IBM computers. UXGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of which IBM computers. VGA Protected Access. This that security which of WPA WEP TKIP as the
Communication Parity Flow Stop to the the the command, and the If terminates with the and the to the turned and then the to of ESC/VP21 Commands Command Connector (RS-232C) input Command Item SOURCE B0 BNC SOURCE SOURCE DVI SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black PWR ON ON ON/OFF selection of the commands, (CR) to the MSEL MSEL A/V Selection
of ESC/VP21 Commands <At <At USB(type B) Connector USB Connector (RS-232C) input The [USB A] (EMP-7950 only) as USB (type B) <At <At ready DTR DTR DSR earth GND GND GND Function <At (PC <At ready DSR DSR DTR TD TD RD RD RD TD
of ESC/VP21 Commands If the disconnected cool-down finished, the CAUTION Download the USB (USB-COM from the EPSON to The URL as follows. to the using ESC/VP21 commands USB the following USB PROCEDURE the downloaded USB the instructions displayed the the "COM the "Advanced2" to "USB". Once the turned back the cool-down finished, turn the USB then back Turn the off.
aspect ratio SDTV HDTV aspect ratio of Supported VGAEGA VGA Refresh Computer/RGB aspect ratio TV(NTSC) TV (PAL,SECAM) aspect ratio SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" It to which the with such aspect ratio aspect the VGA The the HDTV HDTV SDTV
the country. EMP-7900/7900NL (W) (H) (D) including XGA (W) (H) TFT inches the country. EMP-7950/7950NL Product Specifications Approx. EMP-7900NL:Approx. EMP-7900: UHE Rated W, ELPLP22 (light +60C 100240VAC 3.61.6A supply +40C EMP-7950NL:Approx. EMP-7950: Connectors USB (type B) USB (type A,B) USB RCA (L, R) input RCA (L, R) input RCA (L, R) input input DIN 5BNC BNC RCA DVI-D DVI
Specifications RJ-45 Network PCMCIA Card Black (RS-232C) Remote These when or optional fitted. to the with optional The USB to correctly with those CompactFlash PC SD/MMC PC Memory PC PC ATA EMC TM DNX ICs this Supported Memory Cards Card The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class IEC61000-3-2 IEC61000-3-3 Community EN55024, AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New FCC Class ICES-003 Class USA The Directive (73/23/EEC) UL60950 Third Edition IEC60950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community USA
of Appearance from of to fixing Units: 4-M4
interference to and reception, which the outlet from that to which Class to of the FCC These with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the to to This tested and found to comply with the interference This or reception. there that interference and and, and installation. If this the or to reasonable protection Increase the the and receiver. the interference or of the following FCC United States or the the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers the FCC or Declaration of this the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and and interference which the established connected to interfaces. or the the authority to than interface The of non-shielded interface to this shielded interface with this If this WARNING the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, Each to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS: Located EMP-7900/EMP-7900NL :EMP-7950/EMP-7950NL of Product :EPSON
and NT of Microsoft Corporation EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. IBM of International and of Apple and DNX of Inc. of the United States of America. Notice: Computer, Inc. Corporation. or or contained Neither mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information rights of this reproduced, from the of the information Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its or of this or unauthorized modifications, strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to or incurred purchaser or third as of: to the purchaser of this or third instructions. products other than those as EPSON SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Copyright