Theater
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and 1080Perfect of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing, LLC. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-22934 Copyright Notice
Introduction The theater-quality the relaxing of own offers these features: Native and to incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the based the and black/white of perfectly and 3LCD increased ratio and 1080Perfect of or artifacts with the built-in light expanded, and sophisticated HDMI (High Definition Interface wide-format including front and mounted, with and offset to lighting and of Introduction
D/SCART (RS-232C) Introduction foot HDMI PC AC switch cover
cover light Warning light Mounting Source Switches the input the item the Aspect the aspect ratio Selects items or the Introduction
Remote Memory the Aspect the aspect ratio the of the screen the of the to the Lights the easy Introduction light Lights when commands On and buttons lighting Select/Line Selects items or the ESC the item Source buttons Switch connected to the the of the S. Tone the tones of people appearing the off the
Optional the following optional the Product V13H010L39 (ELPLP39) V13H134A09 (ELPAF09) mount ELPHB800 security (anti-theft ELPSL01 You purchase from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty The with basic two-year carry-in warranty. customers who their offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service brochure To the that with and to www.epson.com/webreg products, and service. Introduction
This This the information to the to basic and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the to injury. to to information about helpful of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choosing Location You the as shown below. the
Ideally, the height where its the top and of the That the and the to the This the to as as to the when the Too reduction The to the both the and the shifted when shifted the amount. the shifted the amount, shifted to of the of the If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the to the hand, or the the to the the
The of the the from the to the and the the this as rough Projection height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to height) to to to to to feet to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to To the when the (or the when know the the Projection You this from the aspect ratio aspect ratio the
these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded or cord. the To the first to the location, based the of the as to positioning the the following from the of the to the mounting inches inch from the of the to the of the inches inch the
The following the of the To the optional mount the information. Warning: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the Follow the instructions included with the mount to the which pounds. The or where of of pounds. the
to the with the mount, head screwdriver and to the or If the the to the that appears right Follow these Press the the Press the buttons to the then the to Press the when If to AV with the to the of ESC/VP21 Connecting the Connecting and You the to type of such as VCR, DVD or or You to or PC or Apple the
You to of the of the shown below: HDMI HDMI (with PC to to RGB RGB RCA the to the three Match the and the the
to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) If HDMI, it to of the following (highest first): or to of these If to the to the or the properly Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded the to of these
The outputs DC when the turned This whether the or off, and to or when the to the as shown. the The AA batteries. Warning: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the the cover and clicks the the front or back of the within of the with the within from the receivers. If the the to and the If the buttons red, the the
Turning the On and Turning On the the Turn connected to Turn the switch the back of the Press the On the or the the To from turning the the Child If the High the properly cool the the high The about seconds to and If to the as the switch Turn the
Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the the light flashing and off the switch the back. It to the necessary. Turn off this when to the of the reduce the of the turn off the switch without first turning off the and cool as or and reduce life. Selecting the Source The Source the and switch from of connected to the (such as DVD player, or or Press the Source the that to the to which Source connected. buttons the
If the Source the of Press the or to or the then the Select If appear, To temporarily off the and the the the Press the to to the Source button
Positioning the If the the the and to its to the hand, or the the to the You to the the the Press the to off the hear click, the centered. If the becomes to turn, the further. If of the than the other, the to the If necessary, the front that the the
The to the both the and the shifted when shifted the amount. the shifted vertically the amount, shifted to of the of the the
Follow the instructions this chapter to to the and further Focusing and or reduce the the or of the using the
Choosing the Aspect Ratio resized to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect pressing the Aspect the If to the HDMI, or portor the when or to the If the to choose of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded recorded Normal expanding to the whole This stretches the right and of the the unchanged. If using the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect Aspect
Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the to usually the with the closed, or might the to with the Select the to then the the Choose from these the brightest the the Night HD that to those professional-use monitors. and white or those with the or Night the built-in increases the and tones.
and To further the and the and using buttons the (Not when You these and other and using the You of with the Memory easy Select the to then of the below. appears beneath the the and the of the 5000K and 10000K. Higher increase the and increase the tint. S. the of tones. The this necessary. Higher numbered increase the tones and increase the tones. S. Tone
the You from to or from or increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. to The the the the these affects which as bright areas. Press the You the following the of the following: Select of the correction the or the or and the Select You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Press the to Select Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow buttons to the to the of brightness to then Select. The appears with the selected Press the or to and then Select. Select from the the appears, the or to the the that to and then the or to the Press Select to and
the The includes to the from once and to from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the buttons to the Choose from these options: Child to the the about seconds. (You the to off, however.) Since the to turn the to from reach. to the buttons the appears the whenever with turned To the the To and the Select the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the locked. If turned the Child off the and cool The Child the cool-down buttons
You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the the You the or that the and Memory while their You the and the To the the the or You this (the the connected options which connected to the options Press the or to highlight option Memory Info or then the Select to Press the or to highlight then the Select Press the or to as necessary. You to the Select to choice. the highlighted
finished, the to to the previous or the to the You To of the of the the this the of the Press the or to highlight option necessary), then the or to Press the to to the previous or the to the Press the Memory to to the memory. You the following through the while their Brightness Sharpness Tone Brightness Iris the these options to the Select from to the the arrow buttons to choose the the
Select the the Quality the these selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input HDMI, PC) and the input switch to the other input and Brightness If the from and appear the Brightness and You brightness and each and this first, then the with the The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other the following the the light and of the
Brightness Brightness the brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the brightness or this reduces and and to the of the This the bright and areas. Iris Iris this the amount of light the to the brightness of the The each and This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and the United States, this specifications to of the EPSON White EPSON White This when the to Night, HD, or If bright of the or overexposed (when the input IRE), this to this turned the the HDMI HDMI HDMI This when HDMI selected as the If HDMI and connected it to the HDMI the of the to match that of the this turned the the EPSON White
Brightness Brightness This the light output from the On high, the of On the W. Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following Choose Thin-Line to such as and clothing. Choose Thick-Line to and backgrounds. The 3D HD Processing film-sourced the pulldown and the accordingly. this to when the input and to to its This when or or RGB
Motion Detection Motion Detection This to Select slow-moving or or higher This when or or RGB Reduction Reduction This reduces of You from of reduction. If the correct, them these the first three below to the If only to the with the each and the of the the and the and the appear warmer or cooler. You this the the information.
Tone to the and the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted. You this the S. the information. RGB Advanced RGB the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest shades. RGBCMY Advanced RGBCMY the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, yellow). each to to another option. Advanced You from to or own from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. You this the the information.
to the the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the when the of (such as text white background). the synchronization to the tracking properly first.
Selecting Memory and the with memory locations to to the each of inputs. Selecting Memory You easily the memory the memory the Press the Memory the Select Memory the arrow buttons to the then the Select the appears the selected Creating Memory Memory the Brightness and and other and Press the the the Memory then Memory Select the memory to then the Select to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the then Memory Memory
Select to the memory Press the You memory with the Memory the Memory the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the of the following: Select Hours to clear the and to You should the when information. Select Memory to clear memory Select to to their Memory, and and
the this section to the and on-screen and of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Scaling Scaling this the of the that normally the the arrow to the of the the Caption Caption the and of the that the aspect ratio to to the of the and Caption to the or You Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information. Screen Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or
Turn this off to the from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Other Projection You options the Rear Rear/Ceiling Direct On Direct On to when the switch turned without the On the or the the that the to this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of connected to the to the the or or to manually
Turn this the to while the You this to or Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the To turn the back the On the or the the Child Child the the to to the information. the buttons the to the from once information. High High the of the properly the
to the clean. You to clean the to overheating. Warning: of the turn off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the with
Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the the of the once every three months, or often using the If cleaned become clogged, and causing overheating and to the Press the and the light to flashing. The cools Turn off the using the switch the back. the and Turn the that and other office to the as shown. If the (such as paintbrush). If the to or the You purchase V13H134A09 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
If to the release the and the cover. the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks the The to You the Info to Its to the when:
The or to The light flashes half-second The the appears the when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You purchase V13H010L39 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Warning: the cool (about hour) the that the and should to the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Press the and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the the and about hour to the Press the the and off the cover. Warning light
the screws the (they the the of the as shown and straight Warning: The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the
the cover. (The the cover or the as the the the back the switch the back, and the Then follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and the finished, the to The shows 0H the least hours. Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or
the buttons to the Info The following information appears: Refresh Rate Source Info depth) Scan information) The information the currently selected The shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the cover and the the from the the its or Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the the of and that the the the turning the they click.
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first the or the the the cool off the switch the back, and the cord. Then the back and turn the If this the the lights top of the Light and light the switch the back of the turned and the connected securely both light The Turn off the switch back to off the or the to it light flashes The the to appear. light flashes and cant the or off using the Warning light flashes High-speed cooling If the too automatically. there of around and the Clean or the necessary The cooling the light flashing and Then off the switch back to off the or the to light Warning light
Light and Warning light The too which off the automatically. cool then turn back there of around and the Also, or the Warning light flashes The to half-second to the and cover securely There internal Turn off the switch the Warning light flashes back of the and from the Then You the the connected and the switch Then the light to the button. If the the buttons the to the appears the or the displayed. Press the Source the or of the Source the to the input Allow seconds the to pressing the button. Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light flashing, and the off. The (or If the light the to the back turned correctly If the High the properly cool the the high
using and appears the If Press the function that Its often with CRT/LCD You to such as the while pressing or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the or (If this isnt another Click the of the One of the top of the other. Click
The or reversed. the Projection the of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the Scaling to correctly the to the the If connected and only the the turned off. The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the or The or the correctly connected If and or turn the securely connected both If interference the shielded. You to If the and turning off LCD The the correctly There the Clean the as the
the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly Press the the to Check the brightness and the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service The to commands. within about of the and the from the than You to the the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. there the and the IR receiver.
Where To technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through to To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the Computer connected to of the Purchase and Accessories You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.0 to Brightness ANSI ratio to inches to to ratio Aspect ratio or to selected, and Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL to V13H010L39 Remote Approximately AA to to Specifications
Height inches including inches inches including Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to 120V), to V) to 120V), to V) to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, to to United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX ICs this Specifications
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the It these as or which through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and The PC RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following or Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Format/ Normal SDTV HDTV The to the of and the or as the Aspect Normal Aspect Specifications
RGB Normal VGA* VESA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 SDTV* HDTV* HDMI input Specifications Aspect
ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the Following of the Item Command ON/OFF ON PWR ON A/V ON/OFF ON MUTE ON A/V selection Black MSEL Source SOURCE PC HDB15 SOURCE (HDMI) HDMI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE C0 Night CMODE OFF PWR OFF OFF MUTE OFF MSEL SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE 1F RGB SOURCE (RCA) SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE C4 SOURCE C5 SOURCE CF CMODE CMODE CMODE HD CMODE Screen CMODE 0A Specifications
Item Command Aspect ratio ASPECT Specifications Normal ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from children to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. Notices
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health Notices
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. United States WARNING Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TW-1000 Notices
Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously refurbished to the of and option, the another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers of the or other and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT Notices
COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Accessories, cleaning and replacing, to Anti-theft Aspect Aspect selecting, Iris Blurry Brightness Brightness C connecting, to Child Cleaning to and AV to to button, Declaration of Conformity, Direct On, Background Service, technical warranty, to EPSON White ESC/VP21 command
FCC to HDMI, High Service, of buttons, to to aspect to selecting to Info to Interference, anti-theft life, replacing, to instructions, to specifications, cleaning, Lights, to Child buttons, Memory button, Memory creating, to to Motion Detection, Mounting to Reduction,
to Positioning to Positioning to lights, to to Projection Projection cleaning, to lights, to locking buttons, to to to security turning and off, to Remote buttons, lighting buttons, to to RGB RGBCMY instructions, to Sharpness, Tone Source buttons, Source, selecting Specifications to Index
selecting, Static, (Synchronization) Technical Tint, Transporting Turning and off to to VP21 Warranty, to Where to Caption