LS47P2 LS57P2 HDTV LCD Projection TV and its follow the to High Definition TV broadcasts. instructions and these items included: TV HDTV and locations) Set-top shelf with screws Remote with AA and locations) of CD-R/RW with USB and the the below. It located the back of the TV. the TV the TV, people as shown, the back and the top of the front. Warning The TV people to or the TV to the TV and its together or the TV and or the Shelf The surround sound or HDTV top of the TV. The to Dont the shelf its hinge or the shelf with the top. the the shelf with the the back of the TV. screwdriver, the to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws. Selecting Location and TV Select location TV and follow of its instructions to operates and effectively, as the You optional TV to TV. V12H003R03 the LS47P2) or V12H003R02 the LS57P2) from If securely the TV as follows: Specification LS47P2 LS57P2 of the inches inches of the inches the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the You to the TV to or other upright its earthquake or other Connecting the TV Follow these instructions to the HDTV and CD-R/RW to TV locations). instructions connecting other TV TV connecting to Connecting the HDTV the OUTPUT SWITCH the back of the to of the to the PB and PR (red) the back of the TV, as shown. to match the of the to the of the the other of the to the and the of the (with red/white to the the back of the TV. the other of the to the the to the RF IN the the the Connecting the CD-R/RW The CD-R/RW than shown. the of the included USB to the USB CD-R/RW the of the USB to the EXT I/F the back of the TV. the and that with the CD-R/RW to the and to Turn the CD-R/RW the switch back. Connecting Other TV other TV with DVI Interface) that from (such as or DVD player) without this to the If DVI, to of the shown The the front of the TV PC or and headphones. the Press and release the cover to the cover. the cover and the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as the cover the of the of TV HDTV OUTPUT SWITCH RF IN AUDIO of TV CD-R/RW the from its Then the from the the as shown below. the and its with the then the clicks beneath the latch. You the and its with the or when the cover and closed. the the as it clockwise to If the further and try the cover. to the securely and the cover completely or the Loading the to sheets of from the included the with the with the facing the of the and the facing the of the USB Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Dont the of the or become the the the its first, clicks the cover. the Remote Press the top of the the back of the Then the cover and off the the as shown the and the right Then them the the and the cover the clicks should of the should Narrow
LS47P2 LS57P2 HDTV LCD Projection TV and its follow the to High Definition TV broadcasts. and instructions using these items included: TV Set-top with screws Remote with AA of sheets) CD-R/RW with USB and the the below. It located the back of the TV. the TV the TV, people as shown, the back and the top of the front. Warning The TV heavy. people to or the TV to the TV and its together or the TV and or the Shelf The surround sound or HDTV top of the TV. The to Dont the shelf its or it the with the shorter top. the the with the the back of the TV. screwdriver, the to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws. Selecting Location and TV location TV and follow of its instructions to operates and effectively, as the You optional TV to TV. V12H003R03 the LS47P2) or V12H003R02 the LS57P2) from If securely the TV as follows: Specification LS47P2 LS57P2 of the inches inches of the inches inches the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the You to the TV to or other it upright its earthquake or other Connecting the TV Follow these instructions to the HDTV and CD-R/RW to TV locations). instructions other TV TV to Connecting the HDTV HDTV and locations) the OUTPUT SWITCH the back of the to and locations) of the to the PB and PR (red) the back of the TV, as shown. to match the of the to the of the the other of the to the and the of the (with red/white to the the back of the TV. the other of the to the the to the RF IN the the the Connecting the CD-R/RW The CD-R/RW than shown. the of the included USB to the USB CD-R/RW the of the USB to the EXT I/F the back of the TV. the and that with the CD-R/RW to the and to Turn the CD-R/RW the switch back. Connecting Other TV other TV with DVI Interface) that from (such as or DVD without this to the If DVI, to of the shown The the front of the TV PC or and headphones. the Press and release the cover to the cover. the cover and the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as the cover the of the the from its Then the from the the as shown below. of TV the and its with the then gently the clicks beneath the latch. You the and its with the or when HDTV OUTPUT SWITCH RF IN AUDIO the cover and closed. the the as clockwise to If the further and the cover. of TV to the securely and the cover completely or the Loading the CD-R/RW to sheets of from the included the with the with the facing the of the and the facing the of the USB Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Dont the of the or become the the the its first, clicks the cover. the Remote Press the top of the the back of the Then the and off the the as shown the and the right Then them the cover the and the cover the clicks should of the should Narrow
Connecting the TV Follow these instructions to the HDTV and CD-R/RW to TV TV locations). instructions connecting other TV connecting to Connecting the HDTV the back of the to OUTPUT SWITCH the PB of the to the the back (red) PR and of the TV, as shown. to match the of the to the of the and the other of the to the the of the (with red/white to the the back of the TV. the other of the to the the the RF IN to the the the Connecting the CD-R/RW The CD-R/RW than shown. USB the of the included USB to the CD-R/RW I/F EXT the of the USB to the the back of the TV. the and that with the CD-R/RW to the and to Turn the CD-R/RW the switch back. Connecting Other other TV TV with DVI Interface) that from (such as or DVD without this to the If DVI, to of the shown The the front of the TV PC or and headphones. the Press and release the cover to the cover. the cover and the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as the cover the of the HDTV and locations) and locations) LS47P2 LS57P2 HDTV LCD Projection TV and its follow the to High Definition TV broadcasts. instructions and these items included: TV Set-top shelf with screws Remote with AA of sheets) CD-R/RW with USB and the the below. It located the back of the TV. the TV the TV, people as shown, the back and the top of the front. Warning The TV heavy. people to or the TV to injury. the TV and its together or the TV and or the Shelf The shelf surround sound or HDTV top of the TV. The shelf to Dont the its or the with the shorter top. the the with the the back of the TV. screwdriver, the shelf to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws. Selecting Location and TV Select location TV and follow of its instructions to operates and effectively, as the You optional TV to TV. V12H003R03 the LS47P2) or V12H003R02 the LS57P2) from If securely the TV as follows: LS47P2 LS57P2 of the inches inches of the inches inches capacity the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the You to the TV to or other upright its earthquake or other the from its Then the from the the as shown below. should of TV of the should the and its with the then the clicks beneath the latch. You the and its with the or when HDTV OUTPUT SWITCH RF IN AUDIO the cover and closed. the the as clockwise to If the further and the cover. of TV to the securely and the cover completely or the Loading the CD-R/RW to sheets of from the included the with the with the facing the of the and the facing the of the USB Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Dont the of the or become the the the its first, clicks the cover. the Remote Press the top of the cover the back of the Then the cover and off the the as shown the and the right Then them the cover the and the cover the Narrow
Turning On the TV the The light To the TV, the switch the the TV Then the to TV STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD Then PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF The light flashes while the TV to flashing and Turning On the HDTV Press the the COMPONENT1 displays the This shows that the HDTV selected as the input To the the switch the to the STB1 Then the the If or the Press the the and Scan to the Select Next Select To the the buttons and the to to the TV the switch the back to the TV photo memory cards) or CD-R/RW the its built-in and them CDs. Follow the below or the expanded instructions Card the TV turned the light and flashing, and the Card light off. the the front The Card light CompactFlash Memory TM Memory PRO and PRO this seconds, the appears. It the and the first If the automatically, the the TV or To photo, the Next Select or Select To photo, the To the further, the the Next Select and Select buttons to the Press to back To photo, the when the isnt Press the when You automatically, seconds each, You the or selected ones. Press the the The the of the To to The first and appears the It displays seconds, then the photo displayed. To the Selecting and It You from (memory or CD-R/RW. Press Next or to highlight the to If to cropped, as the the printed. Press the the TV or You the arrow buttons to highlight options To of the photo, To Next the the correct. Then the light flashes. finished, the light off. Press to them To these You to If to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to the and finished the from the of them back and forth and tearing them off. CD CD, the CD-R/RW and turned that written to 4X high-speed 4X writiing, specifications the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the the to and the the the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW To write of the to the CD, to to CD-R/RW You Press to or to You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. finished, the CD and Press If TV, the troubleshooting TV the switch the to the TV The the To the HDTV the switch to the STB1 outlet and isnt switch or that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. TV the TV or cooling (the light flashing), The the TV cant the buttons. the light or the buttons The The TV cools internal off. when the TV turned off. You or Turn the (HDTV DVD player, or and Press the to the the If TV troubleshooting Where To technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through To the SM service, and the PIN the included with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product LS47P2 or LS57P2) Product (located the back of the TV or the front of this of the You purchase and from or from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and of Corporation. and service and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Printed USA CPD-18297R1
Turning On the TV light the The TV To the TV, the switch the the Then the to TV Then light flashes while the TV to flashing and The Turning On the HDTV displays the This shows that COMPONENT1 the Press the the HDTV selected as the input STB1 To the the switch the to the Then the the If or the to Scan button, the and Press the the using the buttons and To the to the to the TV the switch the back to the TV photo memory cards) or CD-R/RW the its built-in and them CDs. Follow the below or the expanded instructions Card light off. Card light and flashing, and the the TV turned the light Card photo the the front The CompactFlash Memory TM this and PRO Memory PRO seconds, the appears. It displays the and the first If the automatically, the the TV or To the Next Select or Select To photo, the To the further, the button. the Next Select and Select buttons to the Press to back STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD To the when the isnt PAUSE REC SKIP Press the when STOP REW PLAY FF You automatically, seconds each, You the or selected ones. Press the the The the of the To to The first and appears the It displays seconds, then the displayed. To the Selecting and It You photo from photo (memory or CD-R/RW. Press Next Select or Select to highlight the photo to If to photo cropped, as the the screen printed. Press the the TV or You the arrow buttons to highlight options To of the photo, To Next the the correct. Then Select Next Select the light flashes. finished, the light off. Press to them To these You to If to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to the and finished the from the of photo them back and forth and tearing them off. CD CD, the CD-R/RW and turned that written to 4X high-speed 4X writiing, specifications the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the the to and the the the and Press the the to the CD-R/RW To write of the to the CD, to to CD-R/RW You Press to or to You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. finished, the CD and Press If TV, the troubleshooting TV the switch the to the TV The the To the HDTV the switch to the STB1 the TV or cooling (the light flashing), The buttons the TV cant the buttons. the light or the buttons The The TV cools using internal off. when the TV off. You or Turn the (HDTV DVD or and Where To technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through To the SM service, and the PIN the included with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Livingstation LS47P2 or LS57P2) Product (located the back of the TV or the front of this of the You purchase and from or from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and of Corporation. and service and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Printed USA and isnt switch or that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. TV Press the to the the If TV troubleshooting CPD-18297R1
seconds, the appears. It displays the and the first If the automatically, the the TV or Next To photo, the Select Select or button. To photo, the To the further, the Select Next the Select and buttons to the to back Press when the isnt To the when Press the You automatically, seconds each, You the or selected ones. the The Press the the of the To to The first and appears the It displays seconds, then the displayed. To the Selecting and It You from (memory or CD-R/RW. Select Next Press Select or to highlight the to If to cropped, as the the printed. the TV or Press the You the To of the photo, the Next To the correct. Then light flashes. the light off. finished, the To these You to to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to If the and finished the from the of them back and forth and tearing them off. CD CD, the CD-R/RW and turned that written to 4X high-speed 4X writiing, and specifications the Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the the to and the the the and the to the Press the CD-R/RW To write of the to the to CD-R/RW to CD, to You Press to or You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. finished, the CD and Press to TV STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF arrow buttons to highlight options Select Next Press to them CompactFlash Memory TM Turning On the TV the The light To the TV, the switch the the TV Then the Then light flashes while the TV to flashing and The Turning On the HDTV the Press the displays the This shows that COMPONENT1 the HDTV selected as the input To the the switch the to the STB1 Then the the If screen or the the and Press the to Scan the the and To the to the to the TV the switch the back to the TV photo memory cards) or CD-R/RW the its built-in and them CDs. Follow the below or the expanded instructions Card the TV turned the light off. Card light and flashing, and the the the front The light Card this and PRO Memory PRO If TV, the troubleshooting TV the switch the to the TV The the To the HDTV the switch to the STB1 and isnt switch or that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. TV the TV or cooling (the light flashing), The buttons the TV cant the buttons. the light or the buttons The The TV cools internal off. when the TV turned off. You or Turn the (HDTV DVD or and Press the to the the If TV troubleshooting Where To technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through To the SM service, and the PIN the included with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product LS47P2 or LS57P2) Product (located the back of the TV or the front of this of the You purchase and from or from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and Livingstation of Corporation. and service and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Printed USA CPD-18297R1