HDTV LCD Projection LS47P2 LS57P2
Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted and and copying or of copyrighted While countries copying of copyrighted those as broad as people each to and of the copyright when using and and of Corporation. and service and of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. of this software based the of the JPEG Group. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. America, Inc. CPD-18296R1
the TV Follow the these sections to TV, and Selecting Location below the Shelf Connecting the HDTV Connecting the CD-R/RW Connecting Other the the HDTV With the Other With the Remote and Turning On the TV Unused Sources Sources Turning the TV Selecting Location Select location TV and follow of its instructions to operates effectively and as these Instructions below and Grounding Supports or Instructions Selecting the TV The TV people to or the TV to injury. the TV or or the TV the of the the TV or of heat. the TV sunlight, such as front of the TV
To CATV of the NEC grounding and that the ground to the grounding of the as to the of as the TV the TV to the TV or the top of or heat-producing or location. the TV with high or humidity, or where amounts of least inches of around the the of the TV and the They and the TV from overheating. the TV of the of to F to C). the TV the of to F to C). If the TV the TV to the using screws and connected to the screw the top of the TV. the TV the type of indicated the TV. If of the or the TV where the easily cords, or This fire or shock. the of the with than the other). the to where the to of the If to the the If the of the the TV where the This or to the the following when the TV. to with these fire, or shock: the with the with the the the TV or when the TV from the outlet cleaning. the housing to the cord; the cord.
the TV as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to or other the TV from the outlet and servicing to the following the or frayed, or becomes the TV or to or If the TV normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If the TV or the housing the TV or heavy top of the and the TV of through the other than the or other than or the to from or the and the and specified the V13H151010). of the TV. or the TV or the or the TV and injury. the Projection the immediately turning off the TV or burned.Wait least turning off the TV to the cool completely. If the the to The mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the the securely to or other the as the its Tighten the screws to the securely or the the the with This the and the cloth or to the the or the permanently the TV
the TV and Grounding It to professional the of If yourself, to serious If connected through other the grounded as to protection and built-up charges. the U.S.A., section of the National ANSI/NFPA information grounding of the and grounding of the lead-in to of grounding conductors, location of to grounding and the of Grounding National Instructions Grounding conductors (NEC Section Grounding should located the vicinity of overhead lights or or where such or should to from touching such or as with them might protection or when it and of the TV from the outlet and the This to and service grounding (NEC ART H) (NEC Section
Supports or You optional TV to TV. V12H003R03 the LS47P2) or V12H003R02 the LS57P2) from If it securely the TV as follows: LS47P2 LS57P2 of the inches inches of the inches inches the location that allows to the back of the TV and least inches of the the TV
Dont the shelf backwards its or the TV the Shelf The surround sound or other top of the TV. The to the shelf with the shorter top. the the with the the back of the TV. Phillips-head screwdriver, the to the TV with the four screws that with Tighten the screws.
the TV You to the TV to or other upright its earthquake or other wires and screws connected to the of the top of the TV to the TV to the or other the TV to or other the TV
information connecting the the TV Connecting the HDTV If TV included HDTV follow these instructions to Turn off and TV and the OUTPUT SWITCH the back of the to to the RF IN the of the (included with TV) to the PB and PR (red) the back of the TV, as shown below. to match the of the to the of the Wall the other of the to the and the of the included (with red/white to the the back of the TV. to HDTV
the other of the to the the the TV and the included with the instructions the and and other Connecting the CD-R/RW Follow these instructions to the CD-R/RW included with TV. the of USB to the USB CD-R/RW the of the USB to the EXT. I/F the back of the TV. the that with the CD-R/RW the supply, then the cords to the and Turn the CD-R/RW the switch back. CD-R/RW USB To the TV to the information the the that with If purchased optional TV mounting included the You to the to the connecting its The CD-R/RW than shown. the TV
of the the front and back the back cover of this the TV Connecting Other You the TV to of Follow the the sections below, the and the type of or service or Direct TV DVD With DVI DVD With DVD With VCR VCR and Service (Without VCR and VCR and Amplifier PC or or Other Other Optional
or Direct TV the TV to or to using the the house to the ANT the back of the TV. If screw-type the turning the clockwise. Wall If attaching VCR to the TV, to TV VCR and Service (Without If home, If or U/V to it to TV. the as from TV as to reduce the that the TV
connecting to the TV, to instructions that with the Wall the TV The the type of of or of them. If attaching VCR to the TV, to TV VCR and If of as follows: the the house to the IN the of to the OUT the the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. If screw-type the turning the clockwise.
of If of as follows: the the house to the ANT the back of the TV. the connected to both the RF and ANT the back of the TV. the of to the RF the back of the TV. the other of the to the IN the If screw-type the turning the clockwise. another to the OUT the the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. to of the ANT as Wall to the TV to to the the TV
If (yellow) to the instead of the using these instructions. Its to to the the back of the TV to free the the front to the TV If attaching VCR to the TV, to TV VCR and Turn off and TV and receiver. the house to the receiver. of to of the the back of the TV or to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. (If DVI DVI instead, as shown If it as shown the other of the to the receiver. of red/white to the and the back or front of the TV. the other of the to the and receiver. TV and back their outlets. Wall
DVD With DVI Turn off and TV and DVD of DVI-HDTV to the DVI-HDTV the back of the TV. the other of the DVI-HDTV to the DVI-HDTV OUT DVD of red/white to the DVI-HDTV and the back of the TV. the other of the to the and DVD TV and DVD back their outlets. DVI-HDTV DVD If switching to the DVI input off the of DVI the TV
The Y, B-Y, R-Y, or Y, or Y, DVD match the the TV DVD With of the to of PB and PR (red) the back of the TV. the other of the to the DVD of red/white to the and the back of the TV. the other of the to the and DVD player. DVD
DVD With of to of the the back of the TV or to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. the other of the to the DVD of red/white to the and the back or front of the TV. the other of the to the and DVD DVD If DVD to the instead of the these instructions. Its to DVD to the the back of the TV to the the front to the TV
If VCR (yellow) to the instead of the these instructions. Its to VCR to the the back of the TV to free the the front to the TV VCR Follow these to VCR If or with the VCR, the instructions the sections following this instead. of to of the the back of the TV or to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. the other of the to the VCR. of red/white to the and the back or front of the TV. the other of the to the and VCR. VCR
VCR and Service (Without the VCR as VCR the the house to the IN the VCR. of to the OUT the VCR. the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. If screw-type the the clockwise. Wall VCR the TV
to the TV, to instructions that with the to the TV to to the Wall the TV VCR and Turn off and TV, VCR, and the VCR as VCR the the house to the ANT the back of the TV. the connected to both the RF and ANT the back of the TV. the of to the RF the back of the TV. the other of the to the IN the If screw-type the turning the clockwise. another to the OUT the the other of the to the IN the VCR. another to the OUT the VCR. the other of the to the ANT the back of the TV. to of the ANT as RF TV, VCR, and back ANT ANT VCR
VCR and Turn off and TV, VCR, and receiver. the VCR as VCR the to the receiver. of to of the receiver. (If DVI DVI instead, as shown If as shown the other of the to of the VCR. of red/white to the and receiver. the other of the to the and VCR. connecting to the TV, to instructions that with the receiver. If to the instead of the these instructions. Its to to the the back of the TV to the the front to the TV
the TV If service include or service to the VHF/UHF IN the VCR. Then to the VHF/UHF OUT and to the ANT the back of TV. Wall TV, VCR, and back VCR Wall
Amplifier of red/white to the and the back of TV. the other of the to the and amplifier. Turn the the to the Then to the You cant to the TV directly; them to amplifier. sound to the directly to (DVD HDTV the TV
To and the TV the to the or If switching to the PC input off the of PC the TV PC or PC, of RGB PC to the or PC the back of PC. the that with the the other of the to the PC the front of the TV. to and to the and the front of the TV. PC or front RGB PC or
or Other Its to to the or the front of the TV; however, the the back. These instructions as of to the the front of the TV beneath the cover. the other of the to the of red/white to the and the front of the TV. the other of the to the and A/V front If to the instead of the using these instructions. If with the (white) to the A/V and the the front of the TV. If to the front as the input the the TV
headphones, the TV turned off, sound from connected to the TV. the TV Other Optional Headphones headphones to the Headphone the front of the TV. IR Connecting IR other (such as VCR or DVD its pointed the its front the IR to the Remote-out the back of the TV the that with the repeater. front Remote IR
the Remote the to the and correctly. of its functions when to the TV, the front cover of this instructions using with the HDTV the The AA batteries. to the that with TV the Press the top of the the back of the Then the cover and off the the as shown below, the and the right Then them the cover the and the cover the clicks the the following Dont and If the the with cloth. If them immediately. the the TV while. of with the the TV
the TV the Remote the the front of the TV, within about to the or right and or from the receiver. the lighting too bright and directly the or the TV the the top of the and the TV clean. To off the sound, the seconds, the light Then the (To back the seconds, the light flashing. Then the Remote Information The TV to commands the following There the IR and the IR the TV. light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the If these the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the TV of sunlight. Turn off other that
the HDTV With the Remote You the to the HDTV that with TV included areas). That to hand. the switch the top of the TV to the STB1 This the HDTV the to the as below. the the and off Press to or the buttons to and and to the To (such as or the (such as the then the Press to the selection. MTS Selects track or the to the TV the switch the back to the TV STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF the or to the Navigation buttons highlight or right Press to selection. and buttons the sound the or Display/Info the and information Info You the to other connected to the TV. instructions. to STB1 the TV
If there and the first choose try another the batteries, to to the TV and to the other that to Light switch STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP buttons STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select buttons Aspect POP MTS Info the TV Other With the Remote You the to other theater such as DVD VCR, or receiver. That when or TV First what of You this that to the and its the Remote the three-digit and the the switch the top of the to the type. to DVD the switch to the DVD If the STB1 to the to the HDTV that with TV, the the the its light (about to seconds). the three-digit using the The once. If and using the the With Other Once the follow these to to the switch the top of the to the type of to such as DVD the buttons the top of the to and and tracks, to the TV the switch the back to the TV
Remote The the HDTV other products below. DVD RCA JVC Sharp LG Thomson VCR MGA Montgomery MTC American High NEC Nobelex Olympic Howell Olympus Candle the TV
the TV VCR Carver Research CCE Colortyme RCA Curtis Mathes DBX RCA Electrophonic Emerson Fisher LG Sears LXI Harmon Shintom
VCR (M. Ward) Replay STS JC JCL Symphonic JVC KLH Teac LG LXI (Sears) Totevision TMK Unitech Victor Research Victor Wards MGA XR-1000 MGN SV2000 the TV
the TV Alphastar GE RCA GI Hughes JVC ABC GI United Videoway RCA
and Turning On the TV and connected and the ready, and the TV. You to connected and or necessary, to the TV with of its and the outlet or The light If the the switch the top the TV Press the the TV or the TV The light flashes while the TV the light flashing and Press the the or the TV to the to (TV, DVD, light STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Aspect POP MTS Remote Select Next Select Info You the seconds the You to the light to flashing first. To off the DVI and PC when them to through them with the the instructions the TV
the TV If with the Turn the (VCR, DVD, or and Press the to the the If the of the and Text You the and other to English, or Spanish. Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to highlight the
Press or Next to English or (Spanish). Press to another or to the Unused Sources switch input using the the TV to to which connected the TV to the DVI and PC them, the off. To off the DVI and PC when them to through them with the follow these Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to highlight of DVI of DVI and of PC Press or Next to the OFF and the of PC Press to the You the the TV or the operations. the TV
the TV Sources Its helpful to input than with TV, such as DVD player, VCR, Then easily the as switch them. The appears the TV when or switch input Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to to the Press You the To input Select or to highlight the the such as VIDEO1 Press The highlight to the top of the
Selecting Press Select or Select to highlight the If appears the right of the Next to (Press to to Press Creating Custom Press Select or Select to highlight the Press The highlight to the first character of the the Custom You to characters of numbers, and/or To through the of the Select To through the and then the numbers, Select You the or repeatedly. Once selected the first character, Next to to the character. and finished creating Then Press Select or to highlight the the and Press Select to highlight Clear the and The from the The input appear when or switch input the TV
Turn off the TV when 24-hour-a- reduce its life. You the TV to off of the TV Turning the TV Press the the TV or the TV The light flashes as the TV cools cool, the light flashing and the TV this or light STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Next Aspect POP MTS Select Select Info
and If to built-in to to You to the or of or input as these TV below TV Selecting TV If TV using or without to the that the TV You to search the and them Then, that detected, to them. You choose to the TV that to connected or service to the ANT or ANT the back of the TV. Then the the TV or to TV Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlighted. If TV using HDTV or or TV service with to The or that You the buttons the TV or the operations. and
If another TV connected to the other (ANT or the to switch to that Then through to the that and First the type selected and/or Select TV house. Select CATV service brought house. If to the option, Select or Select to highlight the or then or Next to the option. If connected to the ANT Select to highlight the of then or Next to On Press Select to highlight then The and appears the of the as the TV searching It reports the the right corner. This the of finished, to the If the of or to the TV to follow the the section.
Manually or that when to them. You choose to the TV to through them when Press Select to highlight then The to the following: To Select or Select its highlighted the If the shown the or Next to to the or Press The highlight to the Press or Next to or then To or another through Press to to the or to the and
If HDTV or or TV with TV the that with the or receiver. STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select selection Aspect POP MTS Info and Selecting To the to of the following: the the and Press the or to or Press the to back and forth the and The and the right corner. If to disappeared, the The and appear, then the the Press to off the You of to that to watch. Then to those the the To connected to or TV without with the TV To first the TV. the the about seconds. appears the of the TV Select the to as and You to Whenever to to the Press to to the and If to from the group, the then the the about seconds. appears the of the TV
TV You to easily them instead of The appears with the the right of the when or switch Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlighted. Press Select to highlight then You this The first highlighted. If to that To Select or Select If the or Next to the or previous Once highlighted The highlight to the and
and Selecting Press Select or Select to highlight the (such as CBS the If or Next to the Press The the and the highlighted Creating Custom Press Select or Select to highlight the option the and The highlight to the first character of the the Custom You to characters of numbers, and/or To through the of the Select To through the and then the numbers, Select You the or repeatedly. Once selected the first character, Next to to the character. and finished creating Then Press Select or Select to highlight the the and Press Select to highlight Clear the and The from the The appear when or switch
You to rated and to and input to of The that allows or to lock, and the to the to the and Creating Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlight to the first character the field: to the to the On the the four (the appear the as the buttons. You the buttons the TV or the operations. buttons and STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info
and Then the Press Select to highlight then You this the the to the to You to the To using V-Chip, To TV and/or input such as To the
V-Chip TV with V-Chip that allows to the of TV or based their You of or that V-Chip to the or to Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, The highlight to the first character the field: the buttons the You the Press to highlight V-Chip V-Chip Press or Next to ON The Unrated, and Country become V-Chip cant To off V-Chip and
and Press Select to highlight Country then or Next to U.S.A or If to to that V-Chip ratings, Select to highlight Unrated Then or Next to Block To V-Chip Select to highlight and If selected U.S.A as the Country the U.S.A. to If selected as the Country the Press Select or Select to French English or U.S.A indicating the rating to If selected U.S.A. to If selected French or English to with the selected rating and and Then to Press Select or Select to TV or indicating the type of U.S.A. rating to Then
If selected TV these options: of the Press Select or Select to Based If or Next to Based Press to with the selected rating and and the ratings, If selected these of the Press Select or Select to Based Then to with the selected rating and and the ratings, Press to to the or to the and
and V-Chip U.S.A. TV Age-based TV-Y Children to including to TV-Y7 Directed to Children and TV-G to TV-PG that TV-14 Cautioned that children TV-MA to and Content-based combined with age-based FV Sexuality U.S.A. ratings PG PG-13 Cautioned Restricted One Admitted Without or NC-17 One Admitted One Admitted of the NC-17
age years and Not children without years years years and English C Children years C8+ Children Years years and to themselves. age PG the to Years themes or that the age of years and and Sources to rated TV and to TV or input such as those Press the the TV or the To to the Next the highlighted, You the buttons the TV or the operations. and
and The highlight to the first character the field: the buttons the You the highlighted. Press or Next to ON To Select to highlight then You the
Press Select or Select to highlight the then The highlight to the Press or Next to or Then and to other then to to the To input Select to highlight then You the input options: Press Select or Select to highlight the input then The highlight to the Press or Next to or Then and to other then to to the Accessing and Sources If try to or input the TV of the shown below: or input or (V-Chip) and
and If of these and to the or input follow these Press You to the buttons. The or input and the turned off. To V-Chip or and input
the and Sound You to and sound as these the Quality Selecting the Aspect the Sound the Quality TV offers three that the lighting and types. selecting the its brightness, sharpness, tint, and You that the and each the to HDTV or DVD and the this switch to each and Select the to and Press the the TV or the Press the The highlighted. input of the You the the TV or the operations. the and Sound
If the too (red) or cool with the the and Sound the Press Press Select or Select to choose of the following, then brightly Colors appear and Theater Colors appear true-to-life; than TV ordinary lighting. and of the other the The whenever or Custom the the Brightness, Contrast, Sharpness, Saturation, Tint, and Black Press Select or Select to highlight the then The and the appears the of the Press or Next to the Press the buttons repeatedly or them The and the the The below the the Right Next Brightness Lighter More Sharpness More More tones More tones Black Increases Press to to the or to to
the Press or Select to highlight Press or Next to of these the tone to such as and brown. Cool the tone to cool such as and the tone and cool the To the of the Select or Select to highlight Press The and appears To the the Select Select or Next as necessary. (This the of the Press when finished. Switching the Quality If broadcasts (EDTV) through HDTV to switch the option to the HDTV the DVD and connected through the Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. To the the the and Sound
STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP Aspect MTS Info the and Sound Press Select to highlight the Press or Next to DVD (to the of DVD or HDTV (to the of EDTV Press to another or to the Selecting the Aspect Ratio TV and the of the If connected to the or or TV through the built-in the of the the aspect the Aspect the Press the Aspect repeatedly to of the shown below. The of the aspect ratio appears the corner. Normal the of stretches ratio to ratio stretching
stretches ratio to ratio the stretches increasingly from the to the the and off of the top and when they the TV aspect ratio based the If cant aspect ratio from the displays the the option selected the as below. Selecting the Aspect Ratio You the to the aspect ratio the TV cant the aspect ratio of the Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press the or Next to the Normal or Press to another or to the the and Sound
If headphones to the TV, the TV sound off. You to the headphone If connected TV to and the the sound from those If connected headphones to the Headphone the TV front hear sound the turned off. the and Sound the Sound To the TV or the and the TV or To the sound, the the To the bass, or of the sound from TV the the You off the TV or the surround sound Turn that includes sound the of Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The highlighted. Press Select or Select to highlight the or Press The and appears the of the Press or Next to the higher or lower. Press the buttons repeatedly or them The and the the Press to to the or to to To the Surround or the or off, or Next to the options. Press to another or to the Aspect POP MTS Info
TV TV features to as these What You the (POP) Turning On Closed Caption Selecting Track or Automatically the TV What You the You and that TV such as or TV from connected to the DVI or PC Then the Since the as to something that to While or the the TV or You the The or the right and the shown the milliseconds choose the To the or Next TV STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info
the the with text (such as or from DVD that the instructions. the instructions, TV (To the The previously To the selected To to the To the currently the the TV or You the (The or the right.) To the of or Next Press the light flashes. finished, the light off. To another through You to To the the the TV or To or If to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to the and finished the from the of them back and forth and tearing them off.
the If containing text or from DVD that the as below. Press the Press Select to highlight and You the To the aspect ratio of the Then Select to highlight and To the Select to highlight and Then Select to highlight and finished, to highlight and Press to to Press to the as (POP) You from or once POP This sporting TV while You TV, DVD, or another while from or CD. You POP connected to input these combinations: and or and DVI or PC DVI and PC The first POP the to hear the only from this the to to first. Press the the TV or to (such as the DVD hear from this when POP. POP TV STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info
If TV and the TV selected as the If to or CD while POP, the or CD first. The appears. the POP the (You this cant The the right of the when POP. the the from to To the photo when its outlined POP the POP button, the and If the the right POP to the other the You cant the directly POP TV Press the POP the The from the first appears the and the from the appears the right. First currently selected Press the to the necessary. to POP: Press the the to choose the or right appears around the selection the right). Press the to the If the or to To the POP to the then Next to its or to reduce The other resized to the To POP, the to selected necessary, to Then POP or
to while TV If that to watch, To or received through the ANT (as shown The factory-installed that the ANT and RF to Follow the below to off the ANT this frees the Turning the ANT the the ANT and RF the back of TV. Press the the TV or You the Press Next to highlight then Press to highlight of then Next to OFF Press to the You to off the V-Chip to instructions. TV
Aspect POP POP MTS Info TV The first the to hear the only from this the to to first. Press the POP the You the POP once). Press the POP You the with the The and the right of the with from each The outlined the top. to the To the the top as the the To the or Select The the to rotation. To the or Select The the to rotation. To to the POP or (To once, POP and follow the Previous Next
Turning On Closed Caption You closed or information with You option that displays closed whenever the the That when muted the sound. Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Closed Caption Press Select to highlight the Caption Press or Next to of the following CC1 CC2 CC3 or CC4 closed of the and sound effects. TEXT1 TEXT2 TEXT3 or TEXT4 closed of the and information. MUTE ON closed whenever the the OFF off closed Press to another or to the Selecting Track or the tracks, track to hear sound (the or to To the MTS the of the The appears the of the Press the MTS to the as necessary. the closed Select CC1 or TEXT1 first to they TV
STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info TV Automatically the TV You the TV to off or to You the TV to or or to off input. the TV Press the the SLEEP OFF appears the of the Press the to of the following SLEEP SLEEP SLEEP To the TV the If than the the Press to the or off the selected the TV and the light flashes the light the TV To the TV back the the TV or Shutdown Press the the TV or the To highlight the Next Press The Aspect highlighted. Press Select to highlight Shutdown Press or Next to ON Press to the If there input the TV off.
and You the photo and built TV, and the CD-R/RW to and as these Card or CD below to CD Card or CD You TV from or CD. You and and them Compatible and Card) below Card Compatible and (CD) CD and Compatible and Card) the and the DCF the photo the this to the another to this yourself. The D:\DCIM\ or where D: the of and DCIM the DCIM or beneath beneath the DCIM than characters three to alphabetic characters, such as The JPEG and where characters with and with higher than such as TV JPEG Photographic Group) that DCF You or Memory PRO or PRO TV. DCIM and
The or TIF You only the the TIF You write TIF to CD-R/RW and them however. CompactFlash Memory Memory PRO and PRO this and The photo the the The photo should thumbnail such as that included JPEG to of the the Card the TV turned and the light and flashing. the Card and lights off. the the front The Card light flashes as the TV reads the the Turn the the
seconds, the appears. It displays the and the first If than the the first appear the To switch to the another the Select or Select to highlight Source then The Source the Press Select or Select to highlight the to and Follow the instructions these sections to or and To the the or highlight and the Card light to or off, then card(s). Selected If the automatically, the the TV or You the the of the the highlighting the and You them the the such as the Source or the Dont from the when the Card light flashing or the and STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info
CD The photo or TIF You only the the TIF You write TIF to CD-R/RW and them however. and Compatible and (CD) If CD-R/RW of that the and the DCF the CD-R/RW and the following and The D: where D: the of CD and to characters such as beneath the first than characters The where to characters (consisting of characters and the and such as The JPEG The the the The photo should thumbnail such as that included JPEG to of the the You the TV to write to CD-R/RW that previously written to You and from these write to them using TV. This TV and writing to write to CD-R/RW, CD CD, connected the CD-R/RW that with TV. instructions. Follow these to CD-R/RW CD-R/RW the TV turned and the light and flashing. Press the the to the
CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the Press the the TV or The appears: Press the the then The Source the the to and the the the and and STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info
If ready. and If the or and Press Select to highlight CD-R/RW necessary) and You the CD the Select the Next Select or Select Then The and the within appear the To the Then Follow the instructions these sections to or and Rotating To the photo the or highlight and Press the the CD-R/RW to
and or CD, the photo You of the or correctly. The rotated retained the or CD. You photo effectively and the If necessary, to to the Select photo the Next Select or Select Press the the TV or The To the photo, the the Press to To the the button. Press to the Next Select and Select buttons to the of the photo to To another photo, or to the Then the Next Select or Select to the photo. To to the the TV or You cant when Press or to the to then and STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info
To the and of the Dont from the when or the the finished and the Card light (or off) the To when the Then follow the instructions to If choose the option selecting individually right the selected. and You automatically, seconds each, You the or selected ones. Press the Select or Select to highlight and The the of the To to The first photo and appears the It displays seconds, then the displayed. To the The appears the To To the Selecting If to follow these Press the to the of the following: To of the Select to highlight Select and appear with checkboxes, that they selected inclusion the slideshow. You to To only Select to highlight and of appear with checkboxes; only those to
To or photo, Next Select or Select to highlight then (A appears the selected.) ready to the the then to To the the To the plays, to the necessary. Then the and Advanced from the You the Advanced To the Next to the Transition from to seconds. (Press Select or to highlight Transition necessary.) shows continuously them. To them to once and their own, Select to and Press Select to One and finished, Select to highlight OK and You to the and
and Once or CDor using the buttonfollow the these sections to Loading below Selecting and It or Loading You purchase V13H151010 containing of and from or or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Follow these to to of the Press and release the cover to the cover.
the and the of the the and
Dont the perforated the The or the malfunction when the Also, the of the from the to and You to sheets of the with the with the facing the hinge of the and the facing the of the the and clicks facing Narrow facing
the its first. clicks the cover. Selecting and It You from or CD-R/RW. If photo or CD, The automatically. (If the the TV or Press Next Select or Select to highlight the photo to Selected Dont from the while or the finished and the Card light or off the To or the photo the the the or the of as The the the and
STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info of them ejected from the they from ejecting properly or Dont the cover the front of the while this to Dont while the from the the to finish. and Press the the TV or You the To of the photo, To or Next the the correct. Then the light flashes. finished, the light off. To these You to To or to the section. If to the Then follow the on-screen instructions to the and finished the from the of photo them back and forth and tearing them off.
or Once its or Press the Select to highlight and The To to choose Select You the The of each below the and
You cant write to CD-R/RW while CD-R/RW. and Press Next Select or Select to highlight the and You the or Waiting Press Select to highlight and (If the finished Select to highlight and Select the Press the Select to highlight and Press Select to highlight and Select the and to CD CD, connected the CD-R/RW that with TV and turned the You write to CD-R/RW that written to You and from these write to them using TV. This TV and writing to write to CD-R/RW, only that written to 4X high-speed 4X writing, specifications the Follow the instructions Card to photo and the photo Then follow the the section to CD-R/RW the and write the to
CD-R/RW Press the the to the CD-R/RW the with the facing the the Press the to the Writing to CD-R/RW Press the Select to highlight CD-R/RW and The CD-R/RW To write of the to the CD, to to CD-R/RW You Select and (To and the to and the the the and Dont from the while writing to CD-R/RW or the or CD-R/RW writing finished and the Card light (or off) the The or TIF You the the TIF You write TIF to CD-R/RW and them however. and
Dont or or off the CD-R/RW while writing to You or and You writing while written to the CD and the light flashes. finished, the CD and Press Selecting Writing to CD-R/RW To only of writing to CD, the to the CD-R/RW of the following: To write of the to CD, Select to highlight Select and appear with checkboxes, indicating they selected. to write to the CD. To write to CD, Select to highlight and Select the to write to the CD. ready to write the to the CD, the then to to CD-R/RW You Select and (To and You while written to the CD. finished, the CD and Press to CD-R/RW Press the button to the CD. Press the to the Source Press Select to highlight CD-R/RW and appear. Press Next Select or to and You To another then this
the TV To TV and operating correctly, or to to another location, follow the these Cleaning the TV below Cleaning the below the TV Projection the Moving or Transporting the TV Cleaning the TV from the lint-free cloth, such as lens-cleaning cloth or or microfiber cloth. If necessary, the cloth with and Dont too as clean the Clean the of the TV the the covers closed as and the the back. Cleaning the You to clean the periodicallyabout once monthto the TV overheat to and the cover the of the TV. Dont or cleaning to clean the cleaner, scouring or other cleaners. Caring the TV
Caring the TV to from both of the cover. To the cover, the the back the right of the Then the of the cover.
the TV Projection The TV to approximately hours. the selected, and to the the TV the The and lights the front of the TV the of the You purchase V13H010R02 from or or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Dont the or the and lights as the below: light light Action flashing warning flashing cooling or cover light The You the then follow the to The or another then follow the to the cover closed completely. the the cover If the cover closed, the cooled completely the cover the then the TV, back and the to turn the TV. If the as light If what it should the other to If of them to the to the unnecessarily. Turn off the TV when 24-hour-a- reduce its life. the TV
WARNING The You cool least or burned. the TV Precautions the immediately turning off the TV or burned.Wait least turning off the TV to the cool completely. If the the to The mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the securely to or other the as below, the its the screws to the securely or the the the with This the and the cloth or to the the or the permanently Removing and the Turn off the TV, from the and cool least V13H010R02). the right cover the and off, and
On the front of the TV, the the cover, then off the cover and it the screwdriver that with the to the screws the corners of the housing. (You cant the screws.) the the and of the TV. Dont the screws the to the housing. the TV
the TV the as shown below. Then the the screws the corners of the housing. the the the right of the Then the to the cover.
the cover the TV, fits the of the cover. the TV and the to turn If the and lights or red, the correctly or completely closed the cover. the cover and followed the the You purchase V13H151010 containing of and from or or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please the Press and release the cover to the cover. Caring the TV
the TV the cover. Turn the counterclockwise to It freely when
the and the as as Removing and the the cover the of the Caring the TV
If the catches the tear. Caring the TV the latch, then the the from its Then the from the the as shown below. Then the and its with with the should of the should
Once the the clicks beneath the latch. the cover and closed. You the and its with the or when the TV
to the securely and the completely or the Caring the TV the the If the catches the beneath the cover and of the as the the as turn clockwise to If the further and the cover. the cover. If when to the follow the this section to
or Transporting the TV the TV, people the TV as shown below. the TV the the back and the top of the TV the front. the TV or its the WARNING The TV heavy. people to or the TV to injury. the TV and its or other together or the TV and or to the TV or the TV the TV
Caring the TV
If with the TV, the and the lights the front Then follow the these Responding to below Responding to TV Light Sound TV Reception or from Cards or to CD-R/RW Where to Responding to Action the The The TV overheating. The TV overheating and the off automatically. V13H010R02, then follow the to Turn off the TV and cool there of around the TV and that of the obstructed. If necessary, the as Then the TV back If to overheat, as
Responding to TV Light and light light light Ready flashing Warm-up flashing Cool-down flashing warning flashing cooling or cover High light The TV operating normally. appear. the light flashing. lights without flashing, the TV back or To the TV back the If to the the TV. The You the then follow the to The or another then follow the to the cover closed completely. If the cover closed, the cooled completely the cover the then the TV, back and the to the TV. If the as The TV overheating and the turned off automatically. Turn off the TV and cool there of around the TV and that of the obstructed. Then the TV back If to overheat, as light
and light light light flashing or Card light light light light The and ready to photo. flashing The currently photo or the Dont or CD-R/RW from the or while the Card light or flashing and the light flashing or the or The and displays the Follow the instructions the to the Card light Card light The TV the finished, the Card light off. to another or the the Card light off; the TV to the or to the command. flashing The TV reading from the CD-R/RW, or Dont the photo or CD while the light or flashing or the or The TV from photo or CD-R/RW. If necessary, the or If the photo finished You the The TV internal Press the to off the TV and then as The cooling or Press the to off the TV and then as
The and isnt switch or the TV or cooling (the light The buttons the TV flashing), cant the buttons. the light or the buttons operable. The when The TV cools internal the TV turned off. off. You the Follow the to the then the following the to of the choose. You or hear If the supported the sound. the the connected. If connected to incorrect refresh You hear sound, or the right. The displays with TV reception and Weather or and interference from other affecting the quality. Turn off or such as or that the connected securely. If the light flashing the TV cooling flashing and lights or the to If the light flashing the TV flashing and lights the TV ready. If the light red, with the TV, the of the light. Responding to TV Light Indicators If the that connected to the TV correctly and that or other necessary. If there the TV the TV (the light flashing If the light the connected to selected the to the TV. If input from the to Press the the TV or Then follow the to the input the connected to the TV and correctly. instructions. the connected to selected the to the TV.
The or Select as incorrect Press the the TV or Then The follow the to the brightness and other The bright The LCD or However, appear bright or Press the Aspect the to the The off. aspect or the and of the the type of the ratio of the to off. appears around Closed captioning turned To turn off, follow the instructions the Sound You hear sound or the sound TV reception and Weather and interference from other affecting the Turn off or such as or microwave the connected to selected the to the TV. If the the corners of the TV internal information. The to If DVD the DVD players aspect ratio to Then the aspect ratio to FULL Press the the If muted the sound, should If the sound wasnt muted, the the TV or to the If headphones, the turned off while the headphones connected. the connected the input trying to to connected to the instructions. Press the the TV or the the to isnt turned off. instructions. If using POP hear sound from the To hear sound from the other the the the TV or other actually includes sound. If with or soundtrack, the or the TV to SAP Press the MTS the SAP the of the that or
Light switch STB1 TV STB2 VCR DVD PAUSE REC SKIP STOP REW PLAY FF Select Next Select Aspect POP MTS Info TV Reception or TV reception or or the TV or cooling (the light The TV cant flashing), cant the buttons. the light or selected. or the You cant You the TV to TV to broadcast. broadcasts. Remote The If with the the to the light the top Weather and interference from other affecting the quality. Turn off or such as or You to Press the the TV or the the as You the to Press the the TV or the the as If and cant them, to the to them to of Press the the TV or Select the the as If the light to the TV when the and the lighting too bright and directly the or the TV the the top of the and the the TV to that If the light the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. the switch the top of the to the trying to If with the try the other
from Cards or You or CD, the right when them the the the while If about and follow the on-screen instructions to the and or actually and that the protected from whole isnt protected from should writing and DCF and the They should JPEG JPEG) with to If this and them to them there. If cant, they corrupted. JPEG JPEG) and and the Brightness, and other The pulled of the TV. securely back and locked, as The closed. the cover to The of or to or to clear The of or installed. to the Unsupported or If pulled the back as If from CD or the 3MB or and the cards) or CDs). If the write the as
If You the The of or Follow the on-screen instructions or the instructions the the to or You the the and the cover closed, as the or the Nothing printed. If or CD that contained the the TV automatically. the or and and the as The incorrect, the with the or instructions. the If the the front, the and If the on-screen write the and as You too to You to or to Each or 3MB or and the as or 3MB or Printed exactly match the If the to clear the from the back of the Follow the to clear the
Clearing From the of the Press and release the to the cover. the cover.
Turn the counterclockwise to It freely when the and the as as
Phillips-head screwdriver with least inches to the screws the each as shown below. the front of the slightly and off of its the back of the the back of the and the back the screws the of the the of the that to the below.
to the securely and the cover completely or the the back its and the screws with the screw each Tighten the screws securely, them. the If the catches the beneath the cover and of the as the the as clockwise to If the further and try the cover. the cover.
to CD-R/RW the CD-R/RW cant write to or another the TV displays the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If the the the or or turning off the while writing to If wrote or other to CD-R/RW or other write to with the TV. writing to CD-R/RW with TV. Where to technical through the World hours From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Telephone Services To the SM service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with TV of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product LS47P2 or LS57P2) Product (located the back of the TV; written the sheet when TV) of the You purchase and from or from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Specifications Projection LCD NTSC (American coverage VHF: UHF: CATV: Screen and LS47P2: inches LS57P2: inches LCD TFT with Short-arc, UHE High Efficiency), W; hour life,* from front Aspect ratio the selected, and Mechanical Cooling sealed housing Height LS47P2: inches LS57P2: inches LS47P2: inches LS57P2: inches LS47P2: inches LS57P2: inches LS47P2: LS57P2: VAC, A, specifications Specifications the HDTV the Specifications
Specifications to F to C) to F to C) to Interfaces interfaces IN back, front), RCA-type; IN back, front), S-type; Y: C: IN back; RCA-type; Y: ohms, unbalanced, DVI back, V, TMDS, V; DVI-HDTV, VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA RF IN back, (RGB) front, D-sub-15-type; P-P, ohms; VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA IN back, front), RCA-type, PC) front; 47K interfaces back, RCA-type; OUT ohms, unbalanced, OUT back, RCA-type; OUT (Fixed) back, RCA-type; RF OUT back, Headphone front, Remote back, IR or interfaces USB back, CD-R/RW only) back, RS-232C servicer only) Memory front each Memory Stick, CompactFlash, JPEG, to and DCF
Dye-sublimation thermal to inches seconds TV LS47P2: V12H003R03 LS57P2: V12H003R02 V13H010R02 IR or sheets, and V13H151010 United States UL60950 Third Edition (CSA C22.2 Third Edition) EMI United States FCC 15B Class DOC ICES003 Class Specifications
Specifications
Notices Inc., Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser that the (including with this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of years from the of purchase, that the warranty the included from the of purchase. warranty service, or of as of the of purchase. What to Correct Should Product service the warranty service and the service to or the Product, option, without charge or On-site service or instances. If service or accomplished, the option to repairs authorized which and to and from the location. such to the and the included CD-RW ATSC the as without charge or With of to freight to the U.S or Shipments to other locations and U.S. freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the where warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously repaired to the of quality, or, option, another of and products and the warranty of the covered this warranty. What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers of the Product the United States and of this and This warranty cover or other than the warranty as to the This warranty apply to used, refurbished or reconditioned products and The warranty or reception cover to or or to such as fire, or or to or cover to properly the Product, or installation, the other than as interaction with products, or service or of the Product other than Authorized Servicer. The warranty the rating or or If or service, or to the Product service incurred. Notices
Notices THIS WARRANTY AND REMEDY ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, OR FROM LOSS DATA, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to warranty the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write Inc., P.O. CA ENERGY STAR ENERGY STAR that this the ENERGY STAR efficiency. Closed Captioning This of closed captioning with of the FCC TV of this other than of UHF or VHF, or or the of the authorization from the and/or owner.
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. United States WARNING Notices
Notices