S9/1220/1260
WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Software Copyright: This free software as as software to which this the rights. The following information the free software this each author, the and the Furthermore, there software of the characteristics of the free software that already this this (including that with the free software concerned) influence the of the (written issued this Thomas G. This software based the of the JPEG Group. Inc. and Information Copyright Notice
and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing, LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-28034
S9/1220/1260 easy-to-use, lightweight with built-in It offers to S9) or of white and light (brightness). It SVGA S9), XGA or WXGA You to of and You JPEG from USB only). offers these easy and security features: instantly from or USB with HDMI only) PC-free slideshows and USB only) Quick, Direct On, /On correction with S9) or correction with only) Security features protection, lock, security included), and optional security
from the shown, the instructions the Additional Closed captioning S9 only) and S9 only) with Iris turned cover A/V that with Carrying and included This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about hints. More Information where sheet information the to and and the from the the or the
and to hours If this and the this section, the service to fast. and the PIN the of services information.
S9 cover A/V cover) Foot release cover A/V cover) Foot release foot foot cover cover
S9 Rear Rear foot foot Rear Rear foot foot USB AC USB HDMI USB AC cover screw cover screw
S9 Source Search (searches connected light and warning lights Source Search (searches connected light and warning lights (corrects items) (displays (increases (selects (corrects items) (corrects items) (selects (corrects items) button
A/V off Aspect buttons USB required) buttons Source Search and Source buttons assign function) (activates buttons) (arrow) buttons and
the below to or the Mounting screw of to mounting
and Warranty with warranty that with the warranty included with offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the included with You the included CD, or epson.com/webreg. products, and service. Optional To of the offers the following optional Product V13H010L58 V13H134A25 mount plate round security ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 80-inch aspect ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 ELPMBP03 ELPMBC01 ELPSC06 ELPSC08 ELPSC80
Product ELPKC19 ELPSV01 DC-06 (ELPDC06) DC-11 (ELPDC11) hard-shell carrying ELPKS58 You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca V12H321005 ELPDC10S V12H377020
the his chapter to the and to or or to such as VCR, DVD or You the to USB or only). Follow the instructions this chapter the Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to Connecting S9 only) sound through the Connecting to or other USB only) Turning the and off
the Unpacking the the these S9 VGA PDF and CD-ROM Remote Carrying Protected AA
VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. instructions. If the hand, the carrying PDF and CD-ROM Remote Carrying Protected AA USB the
the Additional to the To HDMI from HDMI only). One with To from DVD or other One included with or purchase the ELPKC19 from Optional Accessories To One included with or purchase from Optional Accessories To RCA-type with or to RCA-type (with and white S9). Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the This the front of the the and enough to the to to these as the the there of around and the the within of grounded outlet or cord.
increases with the aspect ratio the and whether other the and below to the You the the S9 Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to of the of
the S9 (A) to (B) inches to inches inch to to inches inch to to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to S9 Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inch to inches to inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inch to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to
Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to (A) to (B) inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to the
the Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to to inches inches to to inches to inches to inches inches to to inches inches to
(A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to to inches inches to inches to inches inches to Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to the
positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from the Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to from the front, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about with the of the If the below to the front foot. the the to become shaped, the The to the automatically.
You the three other or rear/ Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting to the Projection the to the correctly Connecting to You the to or using the USB This lightweight with when the You the to that including PC and computers, and instructions. To sound through the You to as wireless when from the To that includes or to that allows to to the VGA Apple
S9 the Connecting to the USB You PC with of XP, or (SP4) or with OS or to the USB and USB (recommended) and than USB Follow the instructions to the the USB the to USB Turn the of USB to the USB USB USB the of the to USB or The first to the USB to software from the You optional to sound through the
finished Chapter instructions and the from the USB Software The first to the USB to software from the Follow the instructions operating and the EMP_UDSE.EXE Follow the instructions the to the USB software. the software displayed the You switch the to other the Source Search the or the XP and Follow the instructions the to the USB software. the software the You switch the to other the Source Search the or the The USB displayed the Double-click the USB and follow the instructions to the software. the software computers the You switch the to other the Source Search the or the the If the software automatically, or then EPSON_PJ_UD It the displayed the
Dont to force to with or of You the or or the trying to the Connecting to the VGA Computer You to the the VGA that with (the of the VGA to the and the other to S9 You to the the to RGB or You optional to sound through the
You to the as wireless finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the Connecting to You to the the to its only: If HDMI Connecting HDMI Source Only) If yellow RCA Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB Connecting RGB Source to optional to sound through the If HDMI only), the and sound both and to the
If HDMI with purchase from HDMI the Connecting HDMI Source Only) the and sound to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) HDMI to the HDMI and the HDMI the finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the
Connecting Source If RCA to the yellow and the yellow the If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the S9 the If the with purchase from
If the with purchase S9 from the Connecting Source the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions displaying and the
Connecting Source If (three or purchase from or the of the RCA) to the Y/ (or the other of the (HD15 to the optional or You to the the to S9 the
the If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the Connecting RGB Source You to RGB the VGA with the the to the RGB player and the the S9 You to the the to RGB
If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and instructions and the Connecting S9 Only) If to the as as the You to the A/V or switched to appear the First VGA connected to the Then to the as shown: the LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or The turned the to to the (though to Communication On the
the Sound Through the You sound through the the and to the the S9 the other of the to the connector(s) or
Connecting S9 Only) You sound from the to with built-in amplifier. the to to with and the other or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound output to the
than and the or other directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the Connecting Connecting the Connecting or Other USB Only) You USB memory) USB or such as the P-7000. Then the Slideshow function to JPEG or the USB specified Follow the instructions to the the USB or the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the other of the to or other necessary. The light the and then when USB connected. light
If connected to another the Slideshow appears. If connected to another the USB the to to the Slideshow instructions the slideshow. finished, and to the Slideshow turning off or the USB to off USB necessary) the or from the to the and/or the Turning the On and Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the A/V cover). the
the of the the and the other The light light Press the the or the
The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when or turn with switch. You to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the or then the and and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press to The the the the warning the when the This and If when Direct On and the the when the restored.
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You the to off the and when to This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. the the This incorporates technology. To off, its as below, or turn off switch that to the You to the to first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The off and the You then the cord. If to the the light flashing, then the button.
and the Follow the this chapter Selecting the
and the Selecting Source You to the to the (such as or DVD player). Selecting the switch input from of connected If the the Source Search the or the the to of the Source buttons the or USB If cant or cant the that or Select USB to from USB only). instructions. the Once to If the too high or too as below. If the isnt To or To the brightness, or To the aspect If to the and/or sound, Chapter Source Search Source buttons
the of the If the too the the front foot to Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If the or to the height of the the rear the the to or the as below. the You the directly front of the and This the If the or to or the and to the and the
and the The and include function that and corrects It about the the to corrected. If distorted, or using the S9 of the following: Press the correction the the S9 Select the the Then the arrow buttons the to the of the correction correction
Focusing and the Turn the the to the S9: to or reduce the the or (reduce) the You the the instructions. If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions. to or reduce the the S9 and the
and the Selecting the The the brightness, and this to Press the the to option. Press the option the right corner. Select from of these Brightest or TV bright Presentation: bright Theatre: high-contrast bright when the to or USB Sports: TV bright (only or Matches the of Blackboard the white Whiteboard bright with white and graphics.
You the aspect to height) ratio input Press the Aspect the Press the Aspect button repeatedly to through the options. Select from of these Aspect Normal through the only) the and the aspect ratio of the Choose this to the and the of the (HDMI only) Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Choose this to HDMI the aspect using the aspect ratio of Converts the aspect ratio of the to ratio elongated to Aspect and the You the aspect ratio when from using the USB or from USB using the USB the
and the Normal: the and the aspect ratio of the Choose this to the and the of the (HDMI only) Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Choose this to HDMI the aspect Converts the aspect of the to ratio to the of the the aspect ratio elongated using the of the and the aspect ratio of the The off the top and its aspect Native: as (aspect ratio and Black appear or off, the
Presenting With the Remote includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting Presenting slideshow from USB only)
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation the bright or sunlight Presenting With the the Remote as Follow these using the the the front or back of the or the within of the the within to the of, or or below, the receivers the the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the or the A/V the to off the and sound, and This useful to temporarily without the of bright A/V To the and sound back the or the A/V You such as or to the whenever the A/V information.)
You the to off the to the the A/V closed instructions. Action Press the the to the action or The the sound To the action, the You of the the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the arrow buttons to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the arrow buttons to around the Press the to Press the SC to the to its The function the the sound. the to the Presenting With the Remote You the while
To temporarily off the sound and the A/V or the A/V You the as wireless when from the or HDMI only) You to to the as Presenting With the Remote the To the the the or the On the the or the You the the With the You the of to to the to the If the USB to the buttons to of the following: through using the or buttons the buttons as would wireless the arrow, and of these USB to the USB the and the function to buttons
To the or buttons, as the USB the Then using those buttons. or to Left-click If to the as wireless as the USB the Then as follows: the arrow buttons to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the arrow buttons to the where release the Right-click Presenting With the Remote
Presenting With the Remote Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the tool, the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the arrow buttons the to the the the the or to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
Presenting Slideshow Only) You Slideshow whenever USB that .JPG This and easily or slideshow of the You the to .JPG as and them Copy that to USB memory or other USB Then the to the and You switch the from the the slideshow to another using the Source Search or of the Source buttons the To to the Slideshow Source Search and USB or the USB Slideshow USB to the USB If connected to another the USB the to to the Slideshow Presenting With the Remote You .JPG to with counts incrementing of If .JPG to correctly. The cant .JPG You using the Slideshow
To the or the correctly. To slideshow from that highlight the and the the Then Slideshow from the that appears and To slideshow from the arrow buttons to highlight that then Presenting With the Remote If connected to another the Slideshow appears automatically. If necessary, the arrow the to highlight the to from, then the If to the arrow to highlight the and To the arrow to highlight and To the or arrow To slideshow of the the the arrow buttons to highlight Slideshow the of the Slideshow and The through. At the the Select the following as necessary to or slideshow: To back highlight to Top the top of the Slideshow and To highlight Select the right of the and the
If the the Slideshow highlight Next the of the and to the of Select Previous the top of the to the previous To the slideshow, and Selecting Slideshow To slideshow options or effects, follow these Highlight Option the of the slideshow and You this Highlight the options to and Option displays Sort Ascending the first to the to first Continuous On displays slideshow continuously displays slideshow through Presenting With the Remote
Presenting With the Remote Option switching switch to displays the selected and switches them with with of finished, highlight OK the of the and (Highlight and to
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the features and the security features
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the arrow the or the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the arrow to through the of of the options or the selected highlighting the option to the arrow buttons to the to the to sub-screen. Press the or right arrow to To from or the or arrow to highlight the and the the to and to the (or to the You the to
Restoring the You the option to the factory-default the that To the to their factory-default the highlight and to confirm. the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Iris Press the the or and the You to of these: Computer/USB RGB USB only the the the or Hours If using the HDMI only), the the the RGB or the the right the
The the input selected. The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness. Select the then choose Normal or ECO (the Normal the the options as the and You each of each Brightness or the the light and areas. the of the the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the the of the High to the or to selected as the the Select to red, and and (Not selected as the Iris Automatically the to the of the when or Theater selected as the the input
Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB HDMI only) the
You the to the Tracking, and You the from the HDMI input RGB) or when input only). The HDMI RGB only). the the options as this On to Turn off to to the and Position to to the the of the input If necessary, or Normal ratio Tracking this to this appear or If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the arrow to and from the HDMI only). Turn this to the HDMI only) to the HDMI input the to match the of If the right the the the type of connected to the Choose RGB or or that outputs (with or
or only) Select the the type of connected to the this PAL (then PAL60 Aspect the aspect ratio (ratio of to height). information. You the to the buttons the and other features. S9 the of the the or If that or the Sharpness only) Automatically when the or This when the front S9 only) the from to the
the of the buttons the or of the buttons the button. information. Shape choose from three information. from of brightness. The ECO reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the shortcut to of the following items: Caption S9 only), Info the the the assigned item displayed.
and You the to the the Direct On, closed captioning S9 only), or off, and other operations. or off. Background: the background to Black or when or of the when the turned A/V the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. Caption S9 only) closed captioning that as Projection Select (to the front of (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/ (to from when the mounted from the the If the A/V the about seconds, switch and or and Rear/Ceiling If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored.
the the Direct On: to to the when the (without the the to off and received to the amount of the the of the off automatically, from to to the off when the A/V than High when the to that the properly. Turn this off Select Communication On to the to and from when (the light USB Select to the USB Select USB to the USB to Select to the to Select Wireless to the buttons wireless and 21L Select On to the to and from 21L software and the USB Communication Select to the
the Security To unauthorized of the Assign You the to the from turned and from the section. that and/or when the A/V pressed. The with to theft and to the should the buttons; this classroom when to that touches the while using the the to theft locking Protection The the Follow these to Press the the to seconds. You this the If the to the the Also, to write
If the the appear. It appears and the cord. the Select the type(s) of protection to On Protect unauthorized of the the and turned to the Select On then to to the Protect Protect and the from Select On then to to the Protect the arrow buttons to and to the and the and the to four the Press the then to the Turn off and the Starting the With the function this screen when and the the and the to the four The and
If the following: If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three with the The and the switches to the then the from the and the back the If the with the that appears the Where To If incorrect the and to service. Creating You from or to the and then as You it as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the
choose the You to Once to the factory the the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the the arrow buttons to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to factor and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to
Choosing to the to as the the when theres or the when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Choose from these Background to to when there to On to when the A/V to to when the A/V finished, to the the function, of the buttons, or of the buttons the The to the Press the button, highlight the and Select and the button. Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and Select and to the the You these to them from without
the Press the to To the function, the and the the seconds. displayed and the released. Security The includes security locking to its theft when or locations: Security You security as shown below to the to or mount. security The security (located the of the with the MicroSaver security You purchase this from Security security
clean of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the and that the and clean. or to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the the
the with or the to shocks, or thinner, or other These the To V13H134A25. information. the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the To or smears the cloth cleaning Cleaning the cleaning, off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and and wring the cloth Then the Cleaning the includes to the performance. If collects the as clogs and overheating, which the Turn off the and the cord. from the or office or the with (such as paintbrush).
You the to both If the too or the as below. the You to the You the from The or torn You repeatedly to or Turn off the and the cord. the cover the of the the of its as shown. the To V13H134A25. information. ABS resin, and polyurethane of to
Turn off this when to the of the the the the clicks the cover. the The of the about hours the Normal and hours this ECO to the It to the when: The or to The the appears the and the light flashes To brightness and the as as
You to the the light flashes red. light or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L58. Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. the cool least hour it The immediately the cover screw Then the cover off. the warning the cool the that the and should to injury. If the the should to the of the cover, If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as
The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the the screws holding the cant them). the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right Then its screws. these screws
the cover, then its screw. the as the section. the the to the using the Press the the or the You the Select the and You this Select and the and finished, to the Tighten the cover securely cover when the back
The information displayed the input currently selected. If the than hours, the as 0H the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to other than those this and of or and these of the reach of and the Checking To the of hours the used, the and highlight the Info You this: The of the about hours the Normal and hours this ECO the hours this to the of the Remote the the as below: Turn the Press the catch the cover as the cover off.
AA the and as shown. the cover and clicks Transporting the The and hand-carrying the the carrying Follow these to when the A/V cover). If USB connected, from the the to their (highest) the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first it hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the the incurred
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights flash operation with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt pressing the the or the Press the the or the You the the arrow buttons the or the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the item and the To the the or If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light to the following of the lights: light light Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. The or You or the to Flashing or cooling or flashing There with the the to the light light
light(s) light(s) or Flashing Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clean. Flashing Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing If of these the as Flashing Flashing Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the The overheating, which the off automatically. the switches to (about there of around and the The clogged. Clean or the as to If the of turn High the If the to overheat the the the cord, and as The internal the the cord, and as There with the or Stop the the cord, and as The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the clogged. Clean or the as to If this the the cool and then If the cracked, as If the cracked, If the If using the of High the The Iris or Stop the the cord, and as
The If the turn when the the to the and The the from the and as If the Direct On function and immediately the back the back Press the to the back The buttons the If the function cant the buttons the the instead, or and the seconds to release the With the or Sound appears the that the light flashing) and that the A/V the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the
The attached or the If from DVD or other and its If from or the You of the connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as If connected and or to the Source Search to the Allow seconds the to the the connected If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the If the while the or already turned the function that the to Turn the and the off and then back might to the the to that both the LCD and or
If using OS X: Preferences Click Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the and or refresh the If necessary, of the displayed. Press the the or the the the the information. Press the Aspect the or the Aspect from the the Press the the to the function. correct. the You to existing created them software information.
If the necessary. If from with activated, off. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the isnt its as The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD the input selected the If or with the the If the to the Sharpness the If from its with the If from the the to the and
The There or smears the Clean the as the the If the sharply the to the the to it directly front of the the to reduce the amount of correction required. the within the from the the You to the from to If from to the and as the section. You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the or the the to the Tracking, and If further the Tracking and manually using the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background. You the to It only with through the
of the used, exactly match the or the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. Press the or option the the If the and the You try the and the the Brightness and the the to the The to replaced. instructions. the input selected the that connected to the and securely.
There sound, or the sound enough. the buttons to the or the the A/V (Press the A/V to If includes the turned the or muted. to this clicking the right of the On to the from (top right of the or the function If using DVD or other the connected correctly, as Nothing appears S9 only) The only that displayed connected through the With the Remote The to commands. the the receiver. within of the and within and from the front or back receiver. The correctly or To the
the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the Where To these technical services: to with the S9, or (U.S.) or S9, or You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply.
please the following information ready: Product S9, or Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active S9 (SVGA) (XGA) (WXGA) Light (brightness) S9 Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light ISO Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO
Technical Specifications ratio Normal with Iris turned the S9 to inches to to inches to to inches to Projection S9 to inches to to inches to to inches to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio S9 ECO Normal correction to only:
Projection UHE High Efficiency) S9 hours (Normal hours (ECO V13H010L58 Remote AA inches including inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC 2.8A to ECO Normal (Communication (Communication On) Technical Specifications selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the
Technical Specifications to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to High the and United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950-1 Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX this Compatible These the high and To from the refresh thats with the using to the The of allow to correctly;
S9 Computer, and Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 WXGA60 WXGA75 SXGA260 SXGA360 WXGA160 WXGA260 WXGA+60 SXGA+60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Computer, and (continued) Refresh NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Native
Computer, and Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 WXGA60 WXGA75 SXGA260 SXGA360 WXGA160 WXGA260 WXGA+60 SXGA+60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Computer, and Refresh NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Native HDMI Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV Native
Computer, and Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 WXGA60 WXGA75 WXGA85 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 WXGA160 WXGA260 WXGA+60 WXGA+75 WXGA+85 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60 WSXGA+60** Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Computer, and Refresh VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Native when as the
HDMI Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV Native Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the or back than that specified correction If the mounted it should technicians using mounting with this If mount and apply to the mount to the screws from or or the the crack and the from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or mount, to the screws from and or the or heavy the where to or the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where to or
Notices of through the or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which If the near least inches of the and the the closed-in provided. If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the the of the the of to F to C). Doing and to the the of to F to C) or of Doing to the the shock. the when the from the and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; If or from the If the or or frayed; If or the or to or If or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service
the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or If the country other than where purchased the that country. cords, or the This fire or shock. the following when the the with the with the the the when the to the when to comply with these fire or shock. the where the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the that become or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. try to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with the or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Notices
Notices FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes