the Source Select to the interactive or as the the the the You the to and right the the the and and them the service The to This service the of warranty You with (U.S) or PM to AM hours PM to AM through and and hours of to without or charges apply. the Source Select to the interactive or the active to information, and from Interact with from connected (To Bring the (or the to and as the whiteboard. the (or the to the connected the (or the to the and as the the to Started with BrightLink BrightLink and classroom productivity that allows to whiteboard wherever and writing instead of ideas. from smartphones, or and annotations. and ideas, and them without the BrightLink What to writing from the as the with the interactive from connected directly to whiteboard. action or Click Double-click Click and and board Right-click Click and seconds Bring Interact with and the and the interactive as EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. BrightLink and of America, Inc. Apple and the Apple of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. service of Apple Inc. Notice: Other only and of their owners. and rights those This information to without of BrightLink the or America, Inc., CPD-41020 Printed XXXXXX to
writing Turn the Turn the interactive writing! of You to to whiteboard. the thumbnails the of the to switch to the active the arrow to to choose the or to choose thin or thick with the the or the the to the the to of the as Not what that the to on-screen to the whiteboard from USB or USB the (or or them the or the Select the to or to the functions the top cover to or the to the or to the information. the (switch to whiteboard to the USB to of USB the to and JPG, PNG, EWF, or PDF the interactive or to Select whiteboard (and the off) Select from connected to the Turn on/off the the Bring to BrightLink using the iProjection or wireless the and the Source Select to switch to the and Download the iProjection Scan the QR below or search iProjection or the to the iProjection With iProjection, and directly from or BrightLink and then or epson.com/iprojection information.
writing Turn the Turn the interactive writing! of You to to whiteboard. the thumbnails the of the to switch to the active the arrow to to choose the or to choose thin or thick with the the or the the to the the to of the as Not what that the to on-screen to the whiteboard from USB or USB the (or the to and JPG, PNG, EWF, or PDF or them the or the Select the to or to the functions the top cover to or the to the or to the information. Turn on/off the (switch to whiteboard to the USB to of USB Bring own to BrightLink the iProjection or wireless the and the interactive or to the Source Select to switch to the and Download the iProjection Scan the QR below or search iProjection or the to the iProjection With iProjection, and directly from or BrightLink and then or Select whiteboard (and the it off) Select from connected to the the the epson.com/iprojection information.
from USB or USB the (or the to and JPG, PNG, EWF, or PDF or them the or the Select the to or to the functions the top cover to or the to the or to the information. Turn on/off the (switch to whiteboard to the USB to of USB flash writing Turn the Turn the interactive writing! of You to to whiteboard. the thumbnails the of the to switch to the active the arrow to to choose the or to choose thin or thick with the the or the the to the the to of the as what that the to on-screen to the whiteboard Bring to BrightLink using the iProjection or wireless the and the interactive or to the Source to switch to the and Download the Scan the QR below or search iProjection or the to the iProjection With iProjection, and directly from or BrightLink and then or Select whiteboard (and the off) Select from connected to the the the epson.com/iprojection information.
from Interact with from connected (To Bring the Source Select to the interactive or the active to the (or the to and as the whiteboard. the (or the to the displayed connected the (or the to the and as the the to information, and the Source Select to the interactive or as the the the the You the to and right the the the and and them the The service to This service the of warranty You with (U.S) or hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. the as action Click Double-click Click and and board Right-click Click and seconds EPSON iProjection and EPSON of Corporation. BrightLink and of Inc. Apple and the Apple of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other service of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc., CPD-41020 Printed XXXXXX Started with BrightLink BrightLink and classroom productivity that allows to whiteboard wherever and writing instead of ideas. from smartphones, or and annotations. and ideas, and them without only the BrightLink What would to writing the with the interactive or Bring and the of BrightLink the or to from from connected directly to whiteboard. Interact with and the interactive as
from Interact with from (To Bring the Source Select to the interactive or the active to the to and as the (or the whiteboard. the to the connected the (or the to the and as the (or the the to information, and the Source Select to the interactive or as the the the the the as You the to and right the action Click Double-click the Click and and the browser; and Right-click Click and seconds and them the EPSON iProjection and EPSON of Corporation. BrightLink and of Inc. The service to This service the of warranty Apple and the Apple of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. service of Apple Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those You with (U.S) or This information to without hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. America, Inc., CPD-41020 Printed XXXXXX Started with BrightLink BrightLink and classroom productivity that allows to whiteboard wherever and writing instead of ideas. from smartphones, or and annotations. and ideas, and them without the BrightLink What would to writing the with the interactive or Bring and the of BrightLink the or from from connected directly to whiteboard. Interact with and the interactive as to