Turn On the to the back of the and the other the A/V the completely. the cover the the AAA that with the and them. Then the cover. To the the the or the The once, and the light flashes and then CAUTION: the the properly: Press the the light flashing and the the the To the the foot release the front foot and the front. Release the to the foot Turn the to the Turn the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the facing the squarely. If or the or the to Choose to to the To to If connecting to below. To wireless If wirelessly the back of this You the software and and wirelessly. instructions. To or other USB To to using the included USB If connecting to turned the and the as sections and the that with the to the the other to or Press the Source Search the or the displayed. Turn
Turn On the to the back of the and the other the completely. A/V the the cover the the AAA that with the and them. Then the cover. To the the the or the The once, and the light flashes and then CAUTION: the the properly: Press the the light flashing and the the the To the the foot release the front foot and the front. Release the to the foot Turn the to the Turn the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the facing the squarely. If or the or buttons the to Choose to to the To to If to below. To wireless If wirelessly the back of this You the software and and wirelessly. instructions. To or other USB Chapter To to the included USB If connecting to turned the and the as sections and the that with the to the the other to or Press the Source Search the or the displayed. Turn
If or the trying to from the light the and flashing, and the A/V If the screen or the Source Search the the the and the function that It or CRT/LCD such as If and the the following: using the CRT/LCD or function as If this the both the LCD and (Allow seconds the to OS X: From the Apple Preferences then Select the VGA or LCD the (or and checked. If displayed correctly, the the to If wirelessly... Follow the this section to or wireless from XP, or OS or NOTE: You already the (EMP NS software and and the instructions. Also, wireless or built-in wireless the wireless If necessary, with the screw included with Turn the and the as sections and the front of this Select as the the the The displays this: From the EMP NS OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications You this Select and OK If this You this Once the of appears, and If and locked to to If the four that appear the Network Screen and click OK You the to the and floating appears the with the Where To Telephone Services To the the PIN the that with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and and and of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-21950R1 Printed XXXXXX service, and to and customer-only offers. You the or CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg. Click to
If or the trying light the to from the A/V and and the If the or the Source the Search the and the the function that It such as CRT/LCD or If and the the following: or CRT/LCD the function as the If this both the LCD and (Allow seconds the to Apple From the OS X: or VGA Select the then Preferences and (or the LCD If correctly, the the to If wirelessly... Follow the this section to or wireless from XP, or OS or You already the (EMP NS NOTE: software and and instructions. Also, the wireless or built-in wireless the wireless If necessary, with the screw included with Turn the and the as sections and the front of this Select as the the the The displays this: EMP NS From the EMP NS Double-click the OS X: Applications You this and OK If this You this Once the of appears, and If and locked to interruption, to If the four that appear the Network and OK You the to the and floating appears the with the Where To Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the that with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to and customer-only offers. You the or CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg. and and of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-21950R1 Printed XXXXXX Click to