1750/1760W/1770W/1775W
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 1760W, 1770W, and 1775W include these features: Bright, high-resolution 1750/1760W: to of (white light and light 1770W/1775W: to of (white light and light Native of (XGA) 1760W/1770W/1775W: Native of (WXGA) connectivity USB Wireless 1760W/1770W/1775W), including and LAN included 1775W) PC connected USB memory HDMI 1760W/1770W/1775W) optional and operation screen 1775W) ratio and Iris crisply the or 1775W) and Direct On and Network to to 1760W/1770W/1775W)
Additional Optional and LAN 1775W) Wireless USB 1775W) Protected CD software CD topic: to the to the following To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI To with from with or purchase information. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or V13H010L65 V13H134A31 LAN V12H418P12 1760W/1770W/1775W only) USB V12H005M08 1760W/1770W/1775W only)
and Warranty Information Option or DC-11 V12H377020 ELPDC10S DC-06 V12H321001 BrightLink interactive (IU-01) V12H415020 security ELPSL01 ELPSC80 ES3000 Projection V12H002S3Y 60-inch aspect V12H002S27 80-inch aspect V12H002S28 V12H005C19 Distribution ELPDA01 1-Year Service EPPFTPA1 Warranty EPPEXPA1 Service EPPFTPA2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the Service the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic:
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support and to technical hours instructions 1760W/1770W/1775W), the Network Projection with this from CD. instructions that from USB to only), the Converter with this from CD. If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear
Remote topic: Introduction to LAN light 1760W/1770W/1775W) Wireless LAN cover 1760W/1770W/1775W) A/V Foot release foot A/V cover) distance/shape 1775W)
Rear lights 1750/1760W/1770W) cover topic: Locations A/C input USB USB HDMI 1760W/1770W/1775W) Remote cover screw Security topic: Locations
Mounting Rear foot Wireless LAN screw 1760W/1770W/1775W) topic: Locations
and light Screen 1775W; Source Search (searches connected (selects options) buttons and arrow information) and arrow buttons buttons 1775W) topic: Locations Related Light
Remote (selects connected through connected functions only 1775W and when from the numbers) A/V off and sound)
action) and Aspect (selects the aspect buttons and of the Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless and wireless and buttons information) (activates on-screen (switches to function numbers) (selects ID (selects and ID numbers) buttons the 1775W) LAN (switches to USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or using mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or to the following
Rear
Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or
1760W/1770W/1775W Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to to to
or Projection from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection from inches to inches inch to to to to to to to to to to to to
Screen or from inches to inches inch inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches Aspect Ratio or to to to to to to to to to to to
or Projection from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to to to to to to to to to to to
Aspect Ratio or or from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to to to to
or Projection from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches Aspect Ratio or or Projection from inches to inches inch inches to inches inch inches to inches inch to to to to to to to to to to to to
or Projection from inches to inches inch inches to inches inch to inches inch inches to inches inch inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches Aspect Ratio or or from to inches inch inches to inches inch to to to to to to to to to to to to
or from inches to inches inch inches to inches inch inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or such as DVD players, and with to to to to to to to to to to
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and If or includes sound, input necessary. or shows without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB Connecting to topic: the Related references Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If of the following operating and to the through the USB (preferably USB XP Service OS or
OS the to using USB The and or to using USB. You the wireless function when USB the the USB to USB Turn the to USB the other to USB USB of the following: as appear and the the USB software EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the USB software. The USB appears Select USB and follow the instructions to the USB software. You to this software the first the to the The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Related You the to VGA To that includes only DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the optional HDMI 1760W/1770W/1775W). the and turned off. the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to USB the other to the HDMI HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to USB You the wireless function when USB to from the the USB to the USB to USB USB the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source Related Remote If includes sound and using the USB or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI 1760W/1770W/1775W). the and off. the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to Source the other to the HDMI HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to the to with the and turned off. the to output or If using these to the VGA to the If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound Related If to the optional or A/V the and turned off. the with the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the output the to the (with and RCA You RCA connected to the that with the to
Connecting to USB Devices USB Projection the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without using or of these to USB or USB USB memory or USB-mounted You the EasyMP PC to shows containing and and them from connected USB or memory
Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting You USB or to the USB and to or If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB shown below. USB USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics You switch the to the connected to USB the connected USB turned necessary.
Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the Select from software or from the the USB or from the If the to off and the topic: Connecting to USB You to to the the USB that with the the USB to the USB the other of the to the USB USB topic:
the The the AA that with the the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks topic: the To the cover, the A/V
To cover the or temporarily off the and sound, the A/V cover closed. topic: the
the Network Wireless Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wireless Network Projection Network SNMP You to 1760W/1770W/1775W through wireless To this, the optional wireless LAN (included with the 1775W), and then and wireless There to the to wireless the optional USB only; included with the 1775W) the manually the Network the and the the software from the Software CD the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless the Network Projection from CD instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Network Manually Selecting Network Selecting Network OS Wireless Network Security topic: the Network
the Wireless LAN Related Optional and To the 1760W/1770W/1775W wireless the wireless the other type of wireless the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord. Turn the and the screw the LAN cover.
the wireless LAN cover. the wireless LAN the
Only) the cover and the screw and the topic: Network Projection You the optional Wireless USB to the to wirelessly. Then and the when Turn the the USB to the USB You that the information the USB
Selecting Wireless Network Manually the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If to the firewall. displayed the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the USB from You to to wireless interface. topic: Network from wireless the the its Turn the Press the the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the
to characters the to characters the the turn security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection
Wireless LAN Network Projection Operation selecting these LAN On wireless LAN Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the to SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to LAN to or the optional Wireless USB to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP network assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the network IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the Click topic: Wireless Network Projection connecting to the the wireless network Macintosh. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing Advanced the network (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the the IP and Gateway as
Network Security topic: Wireless Network You security to the wireless 1760W/1770W/1775W). of the following security options to match the WEP WPA security with the information. Press the the the Network and Network and Select the Security and Select the security as to match selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security
Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the connecting the to. Security WEP and WPA Selects the type of security WEP Encryption WEP security, selects the type of Format ASCII WEP security, selects the input HEX ID to WEP security, selects the WEP ID Encryption to characters the selected WEP ID selected WEP Encryption and the Encryption Format WEP Authentication WEP security, selects the type of WEP authentication Shared PSK from to WPA-PSK or WPA-2-PSK the wireless characters security, selects the the ASCII text input HEX input ASCII: characters HEX: characters to and to F) ASCII: characters HEX: characters to and to F)
Network topic: Wireless Network Security You the to the there with the Press the the Select the Network and Network and the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to
Network SNMP Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If the to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: EPSON the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If the information includes occurred. If the information includes the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. these or through (where from to If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and browser. This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or functions using browser. the turned
connected to the the IP the and the You the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To the remotely, the Remote option. You this Selects Selects and HDMI A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB
Select the to the function to topic: the Network Related Network Projection
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Shape the With the Focusing the Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the With the Turn the or to the it the
the cover. the to the
Turning the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the
The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right To or the the light flashing), then the cord.
Selecting the the To the or the when the light or flashing the cover. topic: If to the and another the The English Turn the Press the
the Height Press the arrow to the and The Network appear non-network Press the arrow to the and the to and Press to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their height. If the to the topic: Related Related references
Automatically Correcting With You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the correction corrects effects when the (The 1750/1760W/1770W and the 1775W corrects and Automatically Correcting Shape With Correcting With Corner Correcting With the topic: Related Related the Height You the to the and of to 1775W). The the and these mounted the inches or about to to about right or or or The too and the
Press the the or You the the as to the the of the the its white the of the Press the
Correcting With Corner displays then this appears: the as the arrow buttons the finished, necessary, the corners individually Corner the arrow the topic: Shape You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the and
Correcting With the Select the Corner and You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and
the With the Press the correction, slightly If the of reach, the the the topic: Related Turn the and
Focusing the To or reduce the the 1775W 1750/1760W/1770W topic: the the and 1775W: Press the buttons the or 1750/1760W/1770W: the
1775W 1750/1760W/1770W topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the below.
the Remote as Wireless using the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as Wireless the Remote as topic: Related the You the as wireless from You the wireless function when USB to the to the or HDMI USB the USB to USB wireless Press the the and as the USB the following buttons the to To through the and buttons.
the Remote as To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote Related references You the as to information The arrow, using the Press the the
Selecting Source the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Related If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the to turned DVD or other and necessary).
of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the
Projection Press the the the If there than that the to the other and HDMI USB and Network If or the following: that the securely connected to the and the the turned and its cover computers, to its properly. topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. the to from
the Projection the the Projection the Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the rear. You the the or the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press to topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related references Quality You the aspect ratio of the to
Aspect Ratios Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to
the 1760W/1770W/1775W Aspect ratio the aspect ratio to the input Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the
Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre Sports bright Blackboard the accordingly)
Turning On Iris Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright the topic: Related Quality the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and On Press to
the With the Projecting Slideshow topic: You the buttons the to the as with The buttons the internal You the each connected input Turn the and that includes Press the as to or the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily or and the Slideshow Slideshow Starting or topic: Related USB Projection Related Connecting USB or to the Slideshow the following:
Supported Slideshow of converted to the Converter included with instructions to the the Converter CD. topic: You these of the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the the the the converted from Converter from include effects topic: CMYK Highly
Starting or connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and or You the Slideshow operation options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. If to the arrow to highlight the and the of the following to or To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and To from the arrow buttons to the and While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow the
Slideshow To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and To switch the or FSE or the or right arrow the and SIT To switch FSE animations, the or right arrow and To the or follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic: Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when using the Slideshow Option
Option Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On continuously through switching the to the selected seconds) and switches to the with with of topic: or
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You using the A/V the topic:
Action Temporarily and of Related You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the
Security Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following the to the the arrow to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the to four To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the
Security Security topic: You these of security On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protect from the the Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the the Protect This about seconds. Press the arrow to and
Selecting Security You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the Protect of the and topic: Security the Protect Select the security to
to the If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and To to Network Protect On and You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the You the to the
to the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to try the to proceed. If the incorrect three that the and the then the from the the back and the If the incorrect the locked. You service and the displayed with the locking topic: Security Related Where to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection
the to as the from connected or Press the the and Select the and You to the displayed as and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the
You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the button, You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the
Security the ID You the security the back of the to Security from Security topic: Security You To this, to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the to each other. least of the to them from overheating. the ID the Remote ID Matching Quality topic: If to from each ID. Press the the and
the Remote ID ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to it If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. the ID as the ID the that
Quality the ID button the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. Press the ID the to the You the If the as On the ID to the If the as the ID properly. the to the ID to match the to You the ID to match the ID each the to To allow the to (ID the and the ID to topic: You match the of that to each other. Turn the which to match the ID each the using the It to match the ID to match the first
Press the the and Select the and the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness Correct. and the the G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these to to and topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and The Network appear non-network the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the
Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input input input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of to the tone based and
each the intensity of red, and the and yellow and Iris On the based the when selected The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the Computer/RGB input
input input HDMI input 1760W/1770W/1775W)
You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input using Normal the option. Tracking Varying to Varying to or and
right the location the whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the Expanded connected to the HDMI input 1760W/1770W/1775W) the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the fast-moving NR2 graphics, and RGB corrects corrects
Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect the features. (width-to-height the selected input
H/V to and Corner vertically) locking to the Three the of the Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Varying the of or Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers buttons Front/Rear H/V manually and or correction or off Corner to and on-screen the buttons Normal brightness ECO reduces brightness and and and
Assigns option to the the Info one-touch On to focusing and the and correcting to topic: the Related Correcting With Corner the features that its operation. Caption
Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 Creates that the displays to and security Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether displayed the A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 Rear Rear whether screen appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V
Direct On Selects operation options On Selects whether the Communication when or (off) USB USB Selects the of the USB ID Assigns ID the when through Direct On the without the Cover High off the of inactivity the Cover off the the cover closed High the operating USB when to the USB to wireless when to the or HDMI
Network Network to Matches and of Brightness Correct. Selects the and option) topic: the the Network information and the and 1760W/1770W/1775W). Correct.
Information Info Info Wireless LAN wireless and Network Accesses topic: the Related Network Projection You information about the and input the Info the input SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC
input USB or LAN input
The hours the least hours. the input Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service the
ID Information item ID the ID to the of ID 1760W/1770W/1775W) ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info this of ID the to the associated with the 1760W/1770W/1775W). ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and connecting to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF
ID and with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network Projection and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their using the option the You the to when the using the option.
You the following using the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to the to its You to the periodically, and clean the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the turn off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and To lint-free cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire. to the or touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and thinner, or other chemicals to the These the topic: The the clean, and its the If collects the or them as this clogs the to overheat to to the and to nothing the Cleaning the and the topic: to the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord.
the Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord.
the the of the and it of the ABS resin, and polyurethane of to regulations.
the the as shown and clicks topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Information Info
the Specifications Optional and the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to least the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury.
the cover and off. the the
the and the of the the to the as the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the shown to the the assembly to Press the the clicks both
the the cover and the screw to the securely or the the to to of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the
the Remote Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and topic: Related the The the AA or the as as they only the type of this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the
incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection Light the these sections using the Light the or Sound or Remote Operation Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and turn If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and when the and of the lights and the below.
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light to the Flashing Flashing too overheated and off. turned off to light that the and with or the too If overheating the that the and with or If operating the high High If overheating the If the the and
light light and Flashing On Flashing the to the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related the the Cleaning the and light to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. that the and with or If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound Appears You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect There Sound or topic: If appears, try the following the cover or off. Press the A/V to the temporarily turned off.
Incorrect the USB Function securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or If the and right back the to the (with Direct On the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications With reduce the from With off DirectX Turn off the layered the USB
Appears From PC From topic: or Sound Related references If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and to necessary. the from the to If from it to From PC From topic: or Sound If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the try the If the the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select
"Not Supported" Appears Appears of the following: OS Click displays Other OS Select the VGA or LCD option, the or and the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the the using the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported
the Not the or Static If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the Turn the Press the 1775W) and the the the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Automatically Correcting Shape With Screen Correcting With Corner If the to interference or the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both than Not connected to If from turning off the to the the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select that with the If from the the to the tracking and
the or Blurry If the using the the Sharpness to If connected without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related Supported Related From From PC If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the and directly front of the the that the the 1775W), the from the or the manually. Turn the the Sharpness to If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and topic: or Sound Related
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect Quality Related Automatically Correcting With Screen Focusing the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the input the the securely connected to the and If connected shorter computers, the of If the incorrect from selected the If the ECO selecting Normal the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality
There Sound or or Remote to or Shut-Off If there sound when or the too the following Press the to the Press the A/V to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned the the and If hear sound from HDMI 1760W/1770W/1775W), the connected to PCM connected If using the USB function, turn the from the the USB topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to With the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the
to With the Remote If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Remote Related references Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID If the another from topic: or Related Related Optional and
to Network Not Where to Remote If or the following You turned protection without first using the If incorrect too and write the and If the from topic: or If to with the 1760W/1770W/1775W), the following the turned and connected to the network correctly. (If the it the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: Related Wireless Network Projection Related Network Network If to technical services, the following options.
www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM, through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM, through AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or rear of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and Accessories You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported of TFT active F=1.58 to Brightness 1750/1760W (XGA) 1760W/1770W/1775W (WXGA) length: to Normal White light (ISO light 1770W/1775W Normal White light (ISO light
ratio with Iris On and Normal to inches to Projection Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) 1750/1760W/1770W ratio (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction 1750/1760W/1770W to to 1760W/1770W/1775W to to 1760W/1770W/1775W 1775W (ECO only) 1775W (using or (using or
Specifications Specifications Specifications USB USB and USB or USB One USB and USB input or topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) 1750/1770W/1775W to about hours Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches (without inches 1760W
Specifications inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC 1760W to V) 1760W/1770W 1775W 1760W to 1750/1770W/1775W to (Communication On) 1750/1770W/1775W (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications 1760W to V) topic: Technical Specifications to to (relative, to non-condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications (Communication On) 1750/1770W/1775W (Communication On) to to to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Supported or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The below the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA WXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ WXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+* MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21"
Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input 1760W/1770W/1775W) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV 1760W/1770W/1775W
topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Information Instructions these sections about Information Instructions FCC Software Copyright Copyright Notice the when the turned the bright light children the when the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the than or back.
If the mounted should technicians mounting with this or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the or of heat. the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the near outlet where the easily the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when the to the when to comply with these fire or shock. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which the If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided. of through the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the the of
as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; If or from the If the or or If or the or to or If it or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. the where to or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from
FCC If the the to the from or with or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.). topic: Notices United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Copyright This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. topic: Notices Corner and and of Corporation. and TM TM and BrightLink TM and SM and SM service of Inc. WPA TM and WPA2 TM of the HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices This software as as software to which this the rights. The following information the free software this GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this
If to the of the GPL please the "EPSON the and the of These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and softwareto the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to
of free software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the
of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to stating that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following:
Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this However, who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this
If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of software and of promoting the and of software generally.
NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or itemswhatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon, of This incorporating If subroutine library, useful to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL
LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free softwareto the software free its users. This the to specially software packagestypically librariesof the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the
that they them with the to the and them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's reputation affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library.
The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered only its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library.
You the to stating that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the
machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the terms of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the
and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the user as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the user the specified Subsection than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already received of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed either or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such
You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or
distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and change. You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found.
to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute it and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES
English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the
The Unix with GNU Autoconf. It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the Huffman that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics Format) the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc.
the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The origin of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright rights This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from distribution. L. of MD5 (RFC This the MD5 RFC whose text The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted. The and author of L. Other authors noted the history that follows to from RFC statically or Edited slightly TOC
header rather than C++ from Martin This includes the software which the following of used) terms as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below).
Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright owner as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and
You the Source of Works that You copyright, and attribution from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the contained within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of
Copyright Notice or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You agree to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't the The should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products.
Copyright Attribution Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Copyright Attribution topic: Notices This information to without Inc. CPD-28075