WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corner, and and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their owners. and rights those Inc. Information Copyright Notice
easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to of brightness. You to of and and security: and and correction and positioning Security features include and the to the buttons A/V cover) to the and when to temporarily
This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where the instructions to and connecting to TM or Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Download and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information.
Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. and Warranty with carry-in and warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. the warranty included with who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the included with To the and to epson.com/webreg. products, and service.
Unpacking the the these VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying information, and instructions. Additional to the To To from VCR or other HD15 to You purchase these items from Optional Accessories PDF and CD-ROM Remote and AAA Carrying
Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L40 V13H134A08 Universal mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 83.6-inch pull-down aspect DUET HD-15 to ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPMBAPL ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPSC80
and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning and off the Troubleshooting the
You mount the the or and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the instructions the location, such as theater or Turning On and the Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from and the
You the to off the and when This electricity, the and the of the If to the button. If the the cord. To and the Follow these to the the A/V cover). of the the and the other The light light
Press the the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when or with switch. You to the button. Follow these to Direct On: Press the the or and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press to The the the warning the when the This and If when Direct On and the the when the restored. and the
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the and the the This incorporates To off, its as below, or off switch that to the You to the to cool off first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The off and the cord. If to the the light flashing, then the You to the to the (such as or DVD Selecting the switch input from of connected If the the Search the or the Source Search the the to You the Source buttons the to switch to the each The EasyMP. TM
Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to try the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the A/V cover) If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the and the
and the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected.
the Once to If the too high or too as below. To or If the isnt To the brightness, or To the aspect If to the and/or sound, Chapter the Height of the If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning of the the the to or the as and the
and the Focusing and the Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the You or the directly front of the and This the If the or to the of the below. the to This function corrects the and of the to with aspect It when the to to the (vertically) and Press the the
You the the appears the of the Then the to the the white shown the of the screen Press the white flash momentarily the and the fits the screen The retained when the turned off. If the location, to the each turn To the Corner (below). Corner Corner to the and of the when or to finely the If the arrow buttons to the Corner If to Corner as follows: Press the the or the the and From the and Select Corner and If the of then the arrow buttons correction and the
and the You this the the (or the arrow the to the to and the the (or the arrow buttons the to the and as to corners. to the Correction The corrects when within of or Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If correction isnt to the the
You manually the of the to and First the the to or Press the the (or the the and From the and Select and or and the and arrow to the of the If the becomes the to the fits the If the or the sharpness Selecting the The the brightness, and this to The arrow buttons already correction or Corner. and the
and the Press the the and then from of these Presentation: bright Text: black-and-white bright Theatre: high-contrast bright Sports: TV bright or only). Increases brightness when or TV bright the of displays. Blackboard the white Customized: You the the to fits the Press to switch the aspect ratio and This or recorded widescreen You or (Down) to to or Normal to the and the of the
information and to the professional to Presenting with the Remote includes of to of them the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You as wireless when from or to or the This chapter covers: the the and sound Highlighting with the or with the
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation Presenting with the Remote the Remote as Follow these using the the the front of the or the within of the using the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to only).
the the appears. Turning the and Sound You temporarily off the and sound when to redirect There to this: the A/V as shown below: Press the A/V the This the and the sound. To the and sound back the You the when the A/V You such as the Presenting with the Remote
This function the the sound. the to when the action, the Presenting with the Remote Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the of You of the using the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its
the To the the or the You the using the Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the the to the the To temporarily off the sound and the A/V or the A/V Presenting with the Remote
Presenting with the Remote the to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the with the Remote If to the with USB the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through Microsoft slideshow. or to to Left-click Left-click Right-click
the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where release the or More with the Remote If than the selected onesby the ID To to the ID to match that of the the once the ID to the ID The ID to This to commands from To the ID, follow these Press the the You the Select ID the to highlight the ID, and to Presenting with the
If ID other than the ID of to the ID each the Presenting with the Remote to the the Remote ID The ID This To to follow these the the to to Press and the ID the While holding the ID the through to the ID. to or to match the ID of the to the ID, whether the with the the to Press the ID the You the of these: If the the On, then the to that If then to the ID of the and/or
Connecting to Computers and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting sound through the
Dont to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC computers, and computers, and If to the as wireless to Connecting to the You to the the VGA that with (the If the VGA to the Computer1 or and the other to You to the Computer1 or Computer2 the to RGB You optional to sound through the or USB to the as
finished instructions turning the and the Connecting the Remote If connected as this chapter the Computer or the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB TM XP, 98SE, or or OS to the of USB to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB USB Connecting to Computers and Other to the of Right-
RCA VGA (RGB Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting to You to the the to its If output Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If player RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source to to sound through the
Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers and Other
Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting Source You to to the HD15 the You the HD15 to (ELPKC19) from information. HD15 to or the to and the or the You to the Computer1 or Computer2 the to If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. HD15 to HD15 to (ELPKC19) Connecting to Computers and Other RGB If the players Also, the Computer the to or
If the players Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the Computer1 or Computer2 the You to the Computer1 or Computer2 the to RGB If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting If to the as as the You to the A/V or switched to First VGA connected to the Computer1 Then to the as shown: Connecting to Computers and Other The the Computer2 LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or
Connecting to Computers and Other Sound Through the You sound through the or To sound through the follow these the and to the the If connected to the or the to the Computer1) or the Computer2). If connected to the or to the other of the to the connector(s) or
Connecting You sound to with built-in amplifiers. sound through the built-in the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to You the to the Connecting to Computers and Other
Connecting to Computers and Other
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the features the security features and operation
The Network appear the the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the the or Network the
The the input selected. the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and the or the the You each Select from these bright and when this the brightest and with bright Text: with black-and-white bright Theatre: high-contrast bright Sports: TV bright
matching the of displays. Blackboard the white Customized: below). Brightness or the the light and areas. the of the the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the and K. (Not selected as the the RGBCMY to red, and and other RGB selected to red, and and (Not selected as the such as high-quality photographs or artwork, the and Follow the instructions to the and The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High the
the Press the to then to to the Select and You and the RGBCMY (red, and yellow). Select the to and You and the of and the of the the to the and You the reflected the with the and each to You to the as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB
the to highlight the option, then as this On to Turn off to to the Tracking, and Tracking this to this appear or and only. Turn this On to the If the slightly off or exactly. this and the button to Computer1 Computer2 If the right the the the type of connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 RGB or that (with or this PAL (then PAL60 Choose aspect ratio of or or (Down) to or Normal the You the to the Tracking, and the
You the using the the You the to the buttons the and other features. the of the the or to the to and or to or off Select Corner to the and of the of the buttons the the information. choose from three information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the
Deactivates the front and/or back that from the this to of the or to interference from bright lights. when the and and when correction. the Security To of the the following: Assign You the to the from turned and to from that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed. The with to theft and to the should the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the Protection The the Follow these to Press the the about seconds. You security to the to theft If the to the the Also, to write the
Network Protect the the You this the to and to the and the the and the to four (The the Then the to the To security the Protect as and then of the following options: On Protect to unauthorized of the the and turned to the Protect to and from of the the when the Protect function creating
the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The and If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three the The operation and the switches to Disconnect the from the and the back the to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the Where To Creating You from or to the and then as You as the displayed when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to If the the Protect Release appear. It appears and the the
choose the previously You to the the the to from or such as DVD player. Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to factor and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to the
Choosing to the it to as the the when theres or the screen when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Choose from these Background to to when there to On to when the A/V to to when the A/V finished, to the the function, the buttons, or buttons the The to the Press the highlight the and Select and the Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and Select and to the Press the to To the function, the and the the seconds. displayed and the released. You these to them from without the
the and You the to the the displays turn or off, and other operations. this to off the of the background or turn off the as Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the Direct On to the when the connected (without pressing the to the off (and received)
or when the A/V cover) closed. High when the This function the ID assign ID to each the ID to the to with the instructions. this option to or that to each other. You each of First choose and then the each Brightness Correct. to the brightness, and Correct. to the and or and yellow. information about Select from to the If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the the
If or from might overheating. least of the You match the of when or to each other. each of and correction. to ID to each This the to the to instructions. To match the as closely as that the to the instructions. Press the the You the Select the to Then Brightness Correct. to match the to the Press to the effects of Next, the brightness of the Match the brighter to the and match the brightness of and and match the G/R correction Then and match the B/Y correction If three or through to match to then match to and
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean and the and or to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and the Transporting the
thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the clean the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Cleaning the and Clean the and every hours of If they cleaned they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the and the cord. Turn the To clean the and and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to To V13H134A08. information. the
should the Turn off this when to the of the the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to to the It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the warning light flashes To and the as as The light flashes (the burnt warning light or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L40.
Follow these to the and Turn off the and the cord. the cool least hour The immediately the cover screw to Then the to the and off of the the screws holding the cant them). these screws the cool the that the and should to If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as the
The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right Once the tighten its screws. the cover, then its screw. Turn the the and the clicks the as the section.
the the to the using the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this and the and finished, to the Checking To the of hours the used, the and highlight the Info You this: The information displayed the input currently selected. the
batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of the the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover as the cover off. AAA batteries, the and as shown. Position the cover as shown, then
Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the the A/V cover) to the incurred the
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the Press the the or the You the the the or the buttons the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You or the to it Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the light
lights Light Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing There with the or the the and as Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as If this the as Flashing off of internal the and as If using the of High the The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
The If the when the the connected to the and The the from the outlet and as to the A/V cover) closed. The buttons the If the function cant the buttons the the instead. information about the function. with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. the A/V cover), it closed. The attached or the
If from DVD or other and its connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as If connected and or to the Source Search the or of the buttons the to the Allow seconds the to the If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Click Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected.
The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the or refresh the If necessary, of the displayed. Press the the the the information. Press the the Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other You to existing created them software information. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the isnt or its as the to the when the upward.
The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD the input selected the If the Corner, or to the Sharpness the The There or smears the Clean the as the the If the the to the the to directly front of the the within the from the the You to the from to If from to the tracking and as the section.
You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the or the the to the and If further the Tracking and manually using the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. the option the to the If the and the You try the ABS and the You this to The with through the VGA of the used, exactly match the or
the Brightness and the to the The to replaced. instructions. the input selected the There sound, or the sound enough. the buttons the to the or the the A/V (The A/V pressed.) the A/V cover) If includes the turned the or muted. to this clicking the right of the On to the from (top right of the or the function If DVD or other the connected correctly, as If using connected to headphone or the other to the when the connected to the Computer1 the to Computer2 the
with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the within about of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. If necessary, the to the front or back to interference the Remote isnt both of the If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the Where To these technical services: to You and and troubleshooting or with to templates, and
to Representative To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
his the location, such as theater or The four front projection, or as shown: Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting to the the to the If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the Corner and/or as
The includes security features to its theft when or locations: Security You security as shown below to the to or mount. security The security with the MicroSaver security You purchase this from the includes security features. Security security
Technical Specifications of TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches Projection to to rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness High Brightness correction Supports USB (type B)
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L40 Remote AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC,
to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to and United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The the high and below, as as NTSC, PAL, and SECAM To from the refresh thats with the TM to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; to RH DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Compatible Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1120 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21
Compatible (continued) Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV625i SDTV SDTV Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the or back than that specified correction If the mounted should technicians mounting with this the or heavy the where to or humidity. the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where to or of through the or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which
Notices the closed-in provided. If using or least of the to allow Clean or the to overheating. the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the the or when the from the and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance. If or from the If the or or If or the or to or If or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the type of indicated the If of the or If the country other than where purchased the that country. outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the following when the the with the outlet with the the the where the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the If the the to the from or with the or mouth.
If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other with Health FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the Notices
Notices This Class of the Interference-Causing toutes