1725/1735W
WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. EasyMP, and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. and the of the Microsoft of Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Information Copyright Notice
1725/1735W easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to of white and light (brightness). You to of and or from USB or or wireless and security: and fast and correction and positioning Security including and the to the buttons A/V to the and when to temporarily New and industry firsts: computers, USB and another VGA Wirelessly MPEG4 from PC to four from match from to four the while handout and the art and photography
This instructions using CD-ROM includes the Operation and the EMP to these instructions using the to wireless or the from location). To the first of this Please follow these as through this to injury. to to Notes information about hints. More Information where sheet the instructions to and connecting to or It includes wireless from the the or the Download and to
If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the Cluband free. and Warranty with warranty that with the warranty included with offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight the included with To the and to products, and service.
the the the shown below: VGA USB the carrying to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying instructions. PDF and CD-ROM USB and AA Security software CD-ROM Carrying
Additional to the To One with or purchase from below. To from VCR or other You purchase from below.
Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L48 V13H134A19 Soft shoulder and ATA hardshell SwissGear mount round plate to inches security ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 100-inch aspect USB Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 ELPDC10S Ethernet LAN V12H005M0B wireless USB V12H005M04 You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPKS62 ELPKS61 ELPKS58 ELPKS63 ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 ELPMBP03 ELPMBC01 ELPSC80 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 F3U133X06
and the hether from or to follow basic to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and off Selecting the Troubleshooting the
You mount the the or projection. and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to (The shown below aspect the 1735W of as as increases with the and whether the with other 1735W these the there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the the buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or Turning the On and and or connected as Turn connected the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from and the
You the to off the and when received or the A/V closed of This electricity, cools the and the of the To and the Turning On the Follow these to the the A/V cover). of the the and the other The light light
Press the the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press or to The the the the when the This and If when Direct On and the the when the restored. and the
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the To and the If to appear, and the the This incorporates To off, its as below, or off switch that to the You to the to cool off first. To off the the the or You (If to it off, other Press the The off and the cord. If to the the light flashing, then the If the front foot, the foot release to the A/V Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected (such as or DVD player). If the the Search the or the Source Search the the to
You the Source buttons the to switch connected to the each or to wirelessly or from USB Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the A/V If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the and the
and the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD screen and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using OS X: You to to the as as the LCD connected and follow these From the Apple Preferences then Click the VGA or LCD selected.
Click the (or the selected. and the
foot and the the Once to If the too high or too below. To or If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, the Height of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or of the turning the the the to or the as
Focusing and Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions. the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, the the or the correction and the
You to the and the Correction To when the top or the following: Press of the correction the as shown below. the with the of the the the or the and From the and the the to the as If the or reduce the sharpness
Correcting If to and the right, the the or the the This the and If the the to the tracking or using the information. The only with through the VGA and the
and the
information and to the professional to the includes of to of them the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or to the You as wireless when from or as to highlight This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting or with the
If than seconds, the operating to release the button, operation batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the Remote the Remote Follow these the the the front of the or the within of the the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover to AA batteries, the and as shown. the cover,
the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to EasyMP. the the appears. the Remote
This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the the Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This the thing as the A/V (shown and to temporarily redirect To turn off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the You the when the A/V You such as the Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the
of You of the using the the Press the the You crosshair the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its the To the the or the or You the the To temporarily off the sound and the A/V or the A/V the Remote
1735W Normal the Remote the Aspect Ratio You the Aspect the to fits the Each the the to the Connected to If from such as DVD the Aspect to match that of the the to aspect the Aspect to they match. If the aspect or Normal 1735W). that the aspect ratio (XGA or WXGA, the than Therefore, and HDTV broadcasts with the top and when selected as the Aspect the 1735W, to stretch the to the whole
Connected to Normal the to select. This displays the the without stretching with WXGA displays, the 1735W displays the WXGA of the the displays XGA to their and the that selecting only) or The 1735W select: to stretch the to the whole to the only, with the other off Through to the without stretching or If the of the the as the the Aspect Also, through USB cant the aspect instead, to match that of the the You the the to the brightness, and other aspects of This the Press the repeatedly to from the following increased and when or TV bright If high-speed off the bright with graphics. Text bright with black-and-white text and graphics. If of the off, the Select Normal or the of the Remote
the Theatre high-contrast bright only). Sports TV bright or only). matching the of displays Blackboard the white Customized:
with the Remote If to the with USB as then Wireless the USB the the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through slideshow. or to Left-click the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where to release Right-click the
the Remote Highlighting You to information the If to the tool, choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the the to the the the the or to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
or More with the If than the selected onesby the and ID First assign ID to each Then the to match the ID of the to This without affecting the others. the ID The ID to This to commands from To the ID, follow these Press the the You the ID the to highlight the ID, and to to the the ID To the ID of the the to the Remote
If using ID other than the ID of to the ID each the the Remote Press the ID the You the showing the ID: If the the On, then the to that If then to the ID of the as the section. the Remote ID The ID This To to only those with ID, follow these Press and the ID the While holding the ID the the through that to the ID of the to Selecting
Connecting to Computers, and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or You the to USB or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting to or other USB sound through the
Dont to force to with or of You the or the the to or RGB Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC computers, and and You to the USB This to to the VGA and USB To to the instructions below. To USB To the as wireless Connecting to the You to the VGA that with the (the of the VGA to the and the other to
You optional to sound through the or USB to the as finished instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the Connecting to the USB You XP, or (SP4) to the USB and The USB USB and than USB The first to the USB software from the Follow the instructions to the and the the USB the to USB Turn the USB that with Connecting to Computers, and Other The USB or To this allow to software from the
Next USB, to the software to Connecting to Computers, and Other the of the to the USB the of the to USB or appear as the and the software Follow the instructions to the USB software. If Warning, You only to the software the first the software the the MP appears the right of the and the Connecting the Remote If connected as this chapter the the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to information). USB
The wireless function with USB or OS the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or the USB the to 21L Press the the to as the (The wireless function when other selected.) If necessary, to with USB USB Connecting to Computers, and Other
RCA VGA (RGB Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You to the the to its If yellow Connecting Source If player Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source to to sound through the
Connecting Source with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the
Connecting Source You or and this You the (ELPKC19) from information. or the to and the the If to as shown below. If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the VGA (ELPKC19) Connecting to Computers, and Other the the to or
the the to or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the
Connecting to or Other You USB memory USB or such as the P-5000 or photo. the USB specified Then slideshow function or the PC the to the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the other of the to or other Removing the USB If PC to PC the USB from the the the the right of the PC Press the the to PC the USB Connecting to Computers, and Other than and the directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the The slideshow function with the USB
Connecting to Computers, and Other Sound Through the You sound through the or only). To sound through the follow these the and to the the and computers, and the included with the the other of the to the connector(s) or the option the to instructions.
Connecting the sound to with built-in amplifier. To to the follow these If to the the If RCA the included with the the option the to instructions. The internal while sound to Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other
Network his chapter to to to through wireless or wired Wireless or EMP NS shown screenincluding graphics, and to the information and If the Network to with network-connected instructions this chapter Wireless and wireless security options Removing the wireless Connecting the to wired LAN and the Network the wireless as the or the optional Ethernet Then follow the this chapter to Wireless only) or and Finally, the instructions the EMP NS software. The instructions the software to the
The USB the carrying to write to the or as memory To or The Wireless other wireless and the USB Wireless Follow the instructions this to the USB when finished with the Network Projection the USB that with the to without the wireless and turned the as the the USB to the USB that the information the USB the USB to USB or the the Account Allow to the If Firewall to the firewall. through the If try restarting with the USB You to to wireless interface.
You or the the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose and You the following the when to from If to highlight the text then Network Projection
Network the buttons the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and If to to the highlight and of to characters. highlight and If to security that people who the as the Then when to to the displays or the If EMP NS the to the these highlight the the top of the then
the You NS to to the and wirelessly or Access to the easy to and the with wireless or or or with or with this to other wireless to the only. Access the the and easily off the To Access wireless or or (or AirPort) station, and or with wireless or Follow the instructions below the to the NS software as the To to the wireless XP, or OS to the wirelessly. Access to to 54MB/sec (computer-to- to This of Network Projection
Network Projection To (computer-to-computer) and wireless or as this section. the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this selected the If the buttons the to highlight then to If the buttons the to highlight then to If SSID or ESSID highlight the SSID text and the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight
the option and highlight and that the SSID the the type the the connecting to the If to the SSID from the the SSID option to To the IP from appearing the the IP to these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to ready to to wirelessly. to the Network or Network
On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information. Network the Network connecting to the to the or match the the wireless network XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and
Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You to this: Click Network Projection
from other wireless If to connected to wireless as Also, to wireless when the Network Projection wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the SSID. Encryption Click the and that wireless or OK to the ready to to the the software to allow to both and Access Typically, to SSID from the the If detecting the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Double-click the Network You the Network
Location to Select Select Network then Select Network the Click Apply Then the Click the the the top of the You the Choose the SSID assigned to the to turned Select SSID. If the other them their checkboxes. disconnected from other wireless If to connected to wireless Access as Also, to wireless when the Network
Network Projection Access To Access first and wireless or as this section. the Press the button, then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this Advanced selected the If the the to highlight Advanced then to If the buttons the to highlight then to To to the the to the SSID of or the of the SSID text (The of from that of station; the and to the of
Highlight the SSID text and the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and that the SSID the the type the the to the If assigns IP automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the following information: IP the IP to to the It other the The should this Gateway the IP that assigned to the or when If to the SSID from displayed the the SSID option to To the IP from appearing the the IP to these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to about please If know or If using AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP Network Projection
On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information. Network ready to wireless to the Network below, or to Access If to security options to the option that the the Network connecting to the to the computers wireless or match the the wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click the Wireless Network and Right-click and
You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You this: Click Network Projection
Network wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the (which should the SSID). Encryption the Click the and that wireless or OK to the wireless Right-click the Wireless Network and You this
Select and the You this If DHCP, IP the following IP and the information: IP the IP to assign to the It other the The section this the IP that assigned to the when it DNS DNS the IP of the DNS OK Click the Wireless Networks (If this to wireless or clicking to the about please If know or Network Projection
Network then follow instructions the to the You this: that to the It should with the to indicating If listed, and type the of OK to the ready to to the the
Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the section. Then follow these Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click the Wireless Network and Right-click and If the using this the software that with Network Projection
Network Projection Click the The IP as shown: Access software to allow to Access Typically, to from the the If to the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Click the Network You the Network Gateway
Location to Select Select Network Then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the the Select station, then On the matches SSID. If the SSID the Network text and If turned DHCP advanced the Network and the Distribute IP selected. If to If the other them their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this and To or the station, and Click then the If to IP the IP to the stations IP and the first three of the IP to the first three of the stations IP Network Projection
Network Click the the the top of the You the to turned Select the of WPS Protected If WPS-compatible the the the and the from the of these Press both the the and the the to the SSID and security This recommended when the and together. PIN With the PIN from the to the SSID and security The the and the already established. instructions, to the with the This the without to buttons the and when the mounted the
Follow these to the WPS Press the to the Select Network then Network and Select Wireless LAN and Network
Projection Select To then You the WPS Protected the follow the instructions below. the PIN follow the instructions the and You this Press the the
prompted the the WPS the You that WPS Press the button or the to to the wireless LAN Select and selected and Press the Network Projection
Network Projection the PIN the PIN already established the and the to this to the with the Follow through to the WPS Select PIN and You this From the the displayed PIN the and then You the
that WPS the or the wireless LAN Complete and You this Select and to the Press the and then the to Network Projection
The authentication and firewall features effective when the the the Network Projection Security The includes the following security options which WEP and WPA to transmitted (Authentication) EAP-TLS or LEAP, EAP, or PEAP authentication. and which that the wireless to the and unauthorized third from connecting to the The security functions that with this the Encrypted Advanced Encrypted WEP, WPA-PSK (TKIP), WPA-PSK (AES), EAP-TLS, EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, EAP-FAST/MS-CHAPv2, EAP-FAST/GTC the match the follow the from If EAP, to the that match the authentication with RADIUS
the following sections to options WEP Encryption below WPA Security EAP, LEAP, or PEAP Authentication EAP-TLS You to security from EMP NS WEP Encryption Press the Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then You the following Network Projection
Text input WEP with with ASCII first. If that Text2 and then Text3. Network Projection Press to the then highlight WEP and the WEP highlight or and Format, highlight ASCII to text input or HEX to input, then If chose choose ID or Highlight the Encryption text that to the ID selected, then the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and
with and follow these WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to WPA Security Press Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then You the following Network
If the than characters, the from This to characters. the Operation Network Press to the then choose of the WPA-PSK options and Highlight the PSK text and the buttons to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to
EAP, LEAP, or PEAP Authentication Press Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then You the following Press to the then choose of the EAP LEAP or PEAP options and the and that match the authentication Network
Network Projection Highlight the text and the buttons to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and Highlight the text and the as the these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to EAP-TLS Once created EAP-TLS follow the below to Network information or creating the Press Highlight Network and then Choose Network and
Highlight Security then You the following Press to the then choose EAP-TLS and The information appears the these highlight the the top of the then Choose Complete and then choose and to Network Projection
Network Projection Encryption from EMP NS using the EMP NS software, follow these to Click options the Click the Select the Encrypt Click OK information, the the Software Once and the instructions the following features: Starting NS the network displays
the Wireless Follow these to the from If NS the the light to isnt flashing. Turn off the and Turn the Unscrew the cover then the off of the the plate and with the screw. Click the while the light or when wirelessly. You the or Network
the Ethernet to Other If to LAN or memory to Ethernet properly Network Connecting to Wired Network With the optional Ethernet the to and with IP This to to the wirelessly. the wireless and cover as then the Ethernet the and the cover the to or the to the LAN the the the and the Press the the to as the Press the the the Network then Choose Network and Choose Wired LAN and You the following of the following:
If assigns automatically, the DHCP If assign automatically, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To numbers, the buttons the to highlight the to input, then the finished the highlight then the To the IP from appearing the the IP to to the this the Press the the the Network then Choose Network and Network Projection
If with which to the to If to Network ON the the the (when the off). Network Choose then You the following Highlight On to notifications, then the IP the SMTP the You from to each field of the However, the following IP used: to (where from to the SMTP The You from to Choose of the Destination then the and the of the that when or You to three You to characters the Select or to about the selected or to the specified The of the EPSON The includes the following information: The of the where the occurred
The IP of the where the occurred of the SNMP to the Network SNMP Network to Press the the the Network then Choose Network and Choose Others then You the following If the SNMP option to IP This the Network Projection
the wireless the If to LAN or memory to properly the Network Projection to IP You from to each field of the the following IP used: to (where from to If AMX ON to allow the to AMX Discovery. Connecting With If the Network function to to the without the software. This easy to wirelessly, though with Not the features with EMP NS when the function. performances when EMP NS Follow these Turn the Press the the The appears.
From the then to Network You this You the or manually: To search the Search You this locating the connected them the Select the and then Network
Network Projection To the IP the You this the IP the the shown. the Then If to the Click when ready to to from the the Disconnect Network wirelessly to the using Network of the following You to You the to PC with of (XGA). You slideshow full-screen using the optional of the function, the PC to Highest Network wireless supported.
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the security and operation
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the the or the
The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and brightness You each each You the the the To the Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the of the only) the of to the or NTSC
Sharpness the sharpness of the ABS and K. (Not selected as the the RGBCMY to red, and and other RGB selected to red, and and (Not selected as the Iris Automatically the to the of the the and of when Theatre or selected as the such as high-quality photographs or artwork, the and Follow the instructions to the and Press the to Customized then to to the Select and You and the RGBCMY (red, and Select the to and You and the of and the of the the
You the to the and the the to the and You the reflected the with the and each to You to the as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) the to highlight the option, then as this to the when selected as the Turn off to to the to the of to the
If the properly the aspect ratio to from with or Normal with or Tracking this to the this the appears or If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to Select On or If high-speed this off. If the right the the the type of connected to the RGB that outputs this PAL (then PAL60 Aspect Choose aspect ratio that allows the to the tracking or the with containing such as text white background. the
You the the the You the to the buttons the and other features. the of the the upward. If or the the Sharpness Automatically when the upward. This only when the front the buttons the information. Shape choose from three information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the
whether to the input or Select to sound from or MPEG to with built-in (connected as shown Select to the internal with or (connected as shown Remote Deactivates the front and/or back that from the this to of the or to interference from bright lights. the this to shortcut to of the following items: Brightness Info Closed Caption or the the the assigned item displayed. when the and and when correction. the Security To unauthorized of the the following: Assign this to the to that and/or when the A/V pressed. the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while using the the the
Its to write If the the Protect Release appear. You and the If the to the the the If the the as the and/or A/V Unauthorized off or This to theft and to the should Protection To unauthorized assign the If appear the whenever the and turned If incorrect three the and the and to redisplay the If incorrect thirty the user to the The the Protect function Follow these to protection Press the the about seconds. You this the to On Protect to On Then Press Select and to the and
the the and the to four (The the Then the to the To Protect and Select On and this the appears whenever the the the It appears when the A/V selected the the A/V the of the features the when the Protect function To protection, Network Protect and Select On and this of the the the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The the deactivated, and the
Once the Although the the the If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To Creating You from or to the and then as You as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and
Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to factor and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to to the the
You this to turn off the or the background To the the the seconds. the Choosing to the as the You to as the when theres or when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Highlight Background when there or A/V and Select and finished, to the You the buttons, or the The operated the Press the highlight the and Select and the Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and Select and to the Press the to
and You the to the the or off, and other operations. this to off the of the background or off the Closed Caption closed captioning that as Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the of the the cool-down off. hear the Closed Caption Caption the
If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the the this to the following Direct On to the when the connected (without the to the off (and received) the amount of as the to Cover to the off when the A/V closed. High to increase cooling when the Select Network On to the to when (the light USB Select USB to through the USB Choose 21L to the as wireless when connected to the 21L the to with 21L software ID selectively or the using information. match the and brightness of or the below information. Select from to the
If the with the function or amplifier), match the and them. To match the as closely as first that the to the and Brightness Then follow these Assign ID to each that the to each individually. instructions. Select the selecting the Each through displays that the and of the Brightness Correct and Correct that its brightness and tone match that of the other Select the both and the and the the match. If this to match to to and Press the to the Press to switch back to the the and tone match completely correction. the
the
clean of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean. You to clean the and or to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the
thinner, or other These the of directly the or its apply to cloth first. the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the clean the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Cleaning the and includes to the performance. If collects the the of the or the front of the clean them as below. clogs and overheating and the Follow these Turn off the the light to flashing, then the cord. To the and and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). You the to both If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to To V13H134A19. information. the
should the To the Turn off this when to the of the warning the cool the that the and should to injury. If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the warning light flashes To and the as as The light flashes (the burnt or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L48. Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
the screw. Then the cover to the and off of the the screws holding the cant them). these screws the
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right the PUSH it Once the its screws. the cover, then its screw. the the of the and the clicks the as the section.
the the to the the Press the the or the You the the buttons the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this and the and finished, or to the the
incurred the Transporting the The and Follow these to the A/V cover) to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the optional from
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt pressing the top of the or the Press the the or the You the the the or the buttons the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the
What To the Lights The lights top of the the light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the Flashing There with the or The or clogged. Clean them or the as If this the the the and as light light
lights Light Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around the and that the and clear. If the turn High The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around the If the High Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as Flashing off of internal the and as Flashing The malfunctioning. the and as The or clogged. Clean them or the as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. The or Clean them or the as If this the as
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and highlight the Info You the hours and input the right. The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of The If the when the the connected to the and The the from the outlet and as to the A/V closed. the lights The buttons the If the buttons locked, try the instead. information about locking the The information the input currently selected.
You hear the the turned off. If to Network On the to the cooled information about this with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. the A/V closed. The attached or the If from DVD or other and its If through USB the USB the to USB The USB or Macintosh.
connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as If and or to the Source Search the or of the the to the Allow seconds the to the If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Click or Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected.
The displayed. the selected the UXGA and the or refresh the If necessary, of the displayed. Press the Aspect the to If from the the the the the Select Normal or the of to Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the the 1735W, or the If this option isnt of the other You to existing created them software information.
The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. the to the The or If than or the reduced. purchase from and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the projected when the displayed and the off the LCD the input selected the If the the The blurry. There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to the from to the facing the squarely.
the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness.
The too light or or incorrect. Press the to the brightness and the the Brightness the the as of the and to the The to replaced. instructions. There sound, or the sound enough. Press the the or to increase the A/V (The A/V the pressed.) the A/V the the If DVD or VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as the connected securely both the to headphone or the turned the or muted. to the right of the used, exactly match the or
of the On to the from (top right of the or the function If the internal the option to If using to the option to or information. Network You cant Wireless You to to You cant to the NS the wireless correctly the as shown the and correctly; or that wireless On the the the wireless or of the (You should that the ready to If to NS If the Access and DHCP, allow to appear. It the while to the IP
If or or restarted allow or the to appear. If AirPort, turning off and then that trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and its SSID to match the SSID On the the top of to turned and the SSID or selected. If or and DHCP, IP the Access advanced The first three of the IP should to the first three of the IP of or station. The of the IP should to the of the IP of the or station. If DHCP, Gateway the Access advanced It should to the IP or station. If each the off and then the the Network and the If AirPort, the of the station, and Click the Network If to DHCP Distribute IP and IP If and DHCP turned off Access advanced Distribute IP off.
If Access and to the interference from another or station, then NS If using AirPort, the SSID should match the the of the station. To the the station, and Then The appears the If prompted when the WEP using WEP with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the batteries, within about of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. To interference, off the front or back with the this where the the turned off with the Remote If the ID to the or ID.
If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the If using the as wireless the USB the to 21L
Where To these technical services: www.epson.com/support and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to Representative To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product 1725/1735W) Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the
Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
his the location, such as theater or The four front or as shown: To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling as the option the to the upside-down. To from the rear, Rear or Rear/Ceiling
If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the function the If the that the of the with the of the the should and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the
Technical Specifications of TFT active 1735W (WXGA) (XGA) reproduction Light High Brightness white light (ISO light Brightness white light (ISO light ratio with to inches Projection 1735W to to to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio 1735W
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Technical Specifications ratio Brightness High Brightness correction Supports USB (type B) UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L48 Remote AA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, correction)
to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950-1 Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 2004/108/EC IEC Edition to VAC, off) to VAC, off) to RH Pixelworks DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the to the (XGA or WXGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 WXGA60 WXGA75 WXGA85 WXGA+60 WXGA+75 WXGA+85 WSXGA+60* SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185
Refresh Rate SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV480i SDTV SDTV the 1735W when the to Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted should technicians mounting with this If mount and apply to the mount to the screws from or or the the crack and the from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or mount, to the screws from and or the or heavy the where to or humidity. the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where to or of through the C
Notices or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which If the near least inches of the and the the closed-in provided. If or least of the to allow You to clean the and or to cool the the of the the of to F to C). Doing and to the the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the touch the shock. the when the from the outlet and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; If or from the If the or or frayed; If or the or to or If or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service
the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or If the country other than where purchased the that country. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when the to the when to comply with these fire or shock. the where the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the that become warped or heat near the or to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. try to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with the or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Notices
Notices FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes