cover input input Rear foot Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active (XGA) Brightness (high brightness) brightness) ratio to inches to to to only) Remote Foot USB type Network only) USB type only) input input rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio brightness) (high brightness) correction A/V Supports USB (type B) Projection UHE High Efficiency) Approx. hours brightness) hours (high brightness) V13H010L40 Remote AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, 3.4A to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, off): to VAC, to VAC,
to F to C) to F to C) Humidity to RH (non-condensing) to RH to and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The the high and below, as as NTSC, PAL, and SECAM To from the refresh that with the resized using TM to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 Refresh Rate SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA11205 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC1960 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL NPAL MPAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV TV480i TV625i Positioning the If the isnt the to front of the This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to
the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord. Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the Turning On and the Turning On the Turn or the it and the If the first or of connected to the manually TBD from Follow these to the the A/V cover). of the the and the other The light light Press the the or top of the
The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to Warning: the when the This and the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when or with switch. You to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the or and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press to The the the If when Direct On and the the when the restored. the This incorporates To off, the or off switch that to the You to the to off first. To off the the the or You If to off, other Press the The off and the cord. If to the the light flashing, then the Turn off this when to the of the the selected, and You the to off the and when to This electricity, cools the and the of the You the If the the cord. If to the Troubleshooting You Cant If the trying to the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the A/V cover) If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC below. The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the
From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Displays. Select VGA or LCD or and checked. the Once to as this section. the Height of the If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning of the the the to or the as the section. Focusing and the To the the the To reduce or the the the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the You or the directly front of the and This the If the or to the using of the functions below. the to This function corrects the and of the to with aspect It when the to to the (vertically) and Press the the You
the the appears the of the Then the to the the white shown the of the Press the white boxes the and the fits the The retained when the turned off. If the location, to the each To the Corner Corner Corner to the and of the when or to finely the If the arrow to the Corner If to Corner as follows: Press the the or the Select the and From the and Select Corner and You this the the (or the arrow buttons the to the to and the the (or the arrow buttons the to the and as to corners. to the Correction The corrects when within of or Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If correction isnt to the the You manually the of the to and First the the to or Press the the (or the Select the and From the and Select and Select or and the and arrow buttons to the of the If the becomes the to the fits the If the or the sharpness You the the to fits the Press to switch the aspect ratio and This or recorded
You or (Down) to to or Normal to the and the of the the Brightness The brightness of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, of the following: the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the Brightness the of the and the Selecting the The the brightness, and this to Press the the and then from of these Presentation: bright Text: black-and-white bright Theatre: high-contrast bright Sports: TV bright or only). Increases brightness when or TV bright Matches the of displays. Blackboard chalkboard the white Customized: the Remote using the within of the the the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to the bright or sunlight, or the properly. Switching Sources If to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to only). the screen the appears.
Turning the and Sound You temporarily off the and sound when to redirect There to this: Press the A/V the This the off and the sound. To the and sound back the the A/V as shown below: Action To the action and the the the The sound To the of Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the to the to its the To the the or the or You the the with the Remote If to the with USB the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through Microsoft slideshow. or to the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where release the to Left-click Right-click
the Security To unauthorized of the assign to the from turned that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed; or the buttons. You security to the to theft. Protection The the Follow these to Press the the about seconds. You this the to and to the and the the and the to four the Then the to the To security the Protect as and then of the following On Protect to unauthorized of the the and turned to the Protect to screen and from of the the when the Protect function Network Protect to the Network the only). If the to the the Also, to write the with the function this when and the the the and the to the The and If the correct, prompting to If incorrect three the The and the switches to Disconnect the from the and the back the to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the If the the Protect Release appear. It appears only and the the the Operation function, the buttons, or buttons the The to the Press the highlight the and Select and Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and
Select and to the Press the to To the function, the and the the seconds. and the released. Connecting to You the to that output including PC computers, and computers, and Connecting to the You to the the VGA that with it (the If the VGA to the Computer1 or and the other to You to the Computer1 or Computer2 the to RGB You optional to sound through the or USB to the as The connected to third PC to Macintosh) through USB the Dont to force to with or of You the or Presenting Through Network only) EMP NS shown screenincluding graphics, and directly to without connecting the to the wireless and the EMP NS software Starting to the wirelessly, to switch to Follow these the the and the Press the the to as the You this The appear the If and the to or Access to with the section. the wireless the If to LAN or memory to properly the You NS to to the and wirelessly or Access
(computer-to-computer to the easy to and the with wireless or or or with or to the this to other wireless or to the only. Access the the and easily off of the To Access wireless or or (or AirPort) station, and or with wireless or Follow the instructions below the to To to the wireless or XP. OS or Access to to to 11Mbp/s. This of To (computer-to-computer) and wireless or as this section. the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this selected the If the the to highlight then to If network using the the to highlight then to If SSID or ESSID highlight the ESSID text and that the ESSID the the type the the to the the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and these and then to that to the Press to the ready to to wirelessly. to the Network the section, or the Network Macintosh
the Network to the to the or match the the wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Right-click and Click Click the Advanced You to this: wireless or the type of or of the from those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the ESSID. Encryption Click the and that wireless or OK to the ready to to the Projecting to other wireless or If to connected to wireless Access Also, to wireless when the the Network software to allow to both and Access Typically, to ESSID from the the If the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Double-click the Network You the Network
Location to Select Network then Select Network the Click Apply Then the Click the the the top of the You the Choose the ESSID assigned to the to turned Select ESSID. If the other them their checkboxes. ready to to the Projecting Access To Access first and wireless or as this section. the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this Advanced selected the If the button the to highlight Advanced then to If the the to highlight then to To to the the to the SSID of or the ESSID text (The of from that of station; the and to the of Highlight the ESSID text and that the ESSID the the type the the connecting to the the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and If assigns IP automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the following information:
IP the IP to assign to the It other the The should this Gateway the IP that assigned to the or when these and then to that to the Press to the ready to wireless projecting. to the Network the section, or to the Network about please If know or If AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP Configuring the Network connecting to the to the wireless or match the the Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Properties Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You this: wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the (which should match the ESSID). Encryption the Click the and that wireless or OK to the wireless Click
Right-click the Wireless Network and You this Select and the You this 10.If DHCP, IP the following IP and the following DNS then the information: IP the IP to to the It other the The should this the IP that assigned to the when DNS DNS the IP of the DNS OK 12.Click the Wireless (If this to wireless or clicking to the then follow instructions the to the You this: that to the It should with the to indicating If listed, and type the of OK to the ready to to the Projecting On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information.
Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the section. Then follow these Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click the Wireless Network and Click the The IP as shown: If the using this the software that with Gateway the Network software to allow to Access Typically, to from the the If to the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Click the Network You the Network Location to Select Select Network Then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the the station, then On the network matches ESSID. If the ESSID the Network text and If turned DHCP advanced the Network and the Distribute IP selected. If to
10.Click the the the top of the You the to turned 12.Select the of If the other them their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this and To or the station, and Click then the If connecting to IP the Distribute IP to the stations IP and the first three of the IP to the first three of the stations IP Projecting Network Once and and or Access (Advanced) follow these to NS and the Select EMP NS from the OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications The first NS this Choose and OK If to the firewall the and allow You the below. (If NS this the first If the properly, If If the they with their Once the of appears, and click If than listed, and to them to four) the If the selected already another to locked); the other If locked, to to when Select
If the to connecting, this the the Network and OK Once the established, transmitted to the and floating If necessary, the of the with the the From the these NS features: the Select of while connecting to the The the of Click to the selected only slideshow the which allows to A/V switch the PC or switch the MPEG2 from with DVD Allows to and of the appear each the Disconnects the to the which buttons the Clicking of the buttons the to appear the the arrow the right to the If the EMP NS then the following: wireless enough to establish If the the the or wireless or trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and that its SSID matches the ESSID. OS X, the the to turned and the ESSID or selected. of the (You should that the ready to If to NS the ESSID matches the SSID wireless or If station, the ESSID matches the that the ESSID the IP both and wireless or station. The first three of the IP should The of the IP should to the of the IP wireless interface, or station. and NS If follow the instructions Connecting Advanced the section to to the
Connecting Advanced Click search the NS the IP or the the to to, and OK The to the EMP NS If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this Click the to to and the If than listed, and to them the If prompted the the Network and OK The to the and appears the about using the floating Other If IP allow it to appear. If or DHCP Distribute IP AirPort), the to the IP Once selected the IP the Switch when NS If to to the EMP NS then Switch LAN the If and locked, to To the from other users while connected, the checkbox. to the and allow other users. If AirPort, the network than the To the network the station, and Then The appears the only) The software included with and from EMP only) to switch and basic the function to about You NS to to as group. This allows to and easy to these from other computers. To the software to first EMP If to EMP NS Then and each to You the wirelessly Access or wired as EMP EMP to whether connected wirelessly or wired It easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software only). The using to the should already connected to and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP
If the to the then it If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP from the or right- the shown then If to while they the then Network On to Follow these to search EMP as You this Click to EMP Select New search) You this Click Search to currently operating the found the as shown below:
Select the to clicking its then the You this and Select necessary) then necessary) and the Click the button. To with EMP through You with of If the found, connected or correctly the To from the right-click the and The EMP the Source, and shown below. This which currently used, from which (or they and information, right-click the and Property The following the shown the EMP or the operating normally. Warning or the or Right the and to the group. currently updated. or Warning or when the or incorrect Right-click the and to the currently updated. Network the connected to the or the disconnected). You this Network selected Network
The and its The off and its The and its The off and its The internal The internal The internal (high). The internal high (high-temperature warning). The internal too high The turned off automatically. warning. The nearing the of its life. High-temperature warning. The too to The or incorrectly. flow. The to cleaned or replaced. flow There with the cover the cover The reached the of its life. To when Network On as the the The the the and off and the to of its selected the to (with the clicking of the buttons. the If to the information about the Refresh EMP The reached its of or incorrectly. High internal The off automatically. Other buttons
To often EMP the of follow the below: From the You this the and OK If EMP to whenever the If EMP to each of the the function The of the includes the shown EMP and the warning/error. The of the the EMP and the the fixed, EMP indicating the If to the Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light light The following the lights. lights Light The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information this to the Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. light
lights (continued) Light The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the If using the of feet High the The or clogged. Clean them or the If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or Flashing There with the or The or Clean them or the If this the using the the and Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as The or clogged. Clean them or the If this the Flashing off of internal the and the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Warning of the off and the cord. the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this or the other servicing to service Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or the with cloth with thinner, or other These the Cleaning the and includes to the performance. If collects the the of the or the front of the them as below. clogs and overheating and the Follow these Turn off the and the cord. To the and and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). You the to both If the to or the the
the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the light flashes To brightness and quality, the as as The light flashes (the warning light Follow these to the and Turn off the and the cord. the cool least hour The immediately the cover screw to Then the cover to the and off the the screws holding the cant them). the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right Once the its screws. the cover, then its screw. the the of the and the clicks the as the section. should the Turn off this when to the of the these screws
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Warning the cool the that the and should to If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as the the to the the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this Select and the and finished, to the Optional CPD-23266R2 CD-ROM containing the and English, Spanish, and Product V13H010L40 V13H134A08 Universal mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPMBAPL Product security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down DUET (VGA-to-RCA) ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 You purchase these from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Related CPD-23262 (English) CPD-23263 CPD-23264 (Spanish) CPD-23265 CPD-23254 (English) CPD-23255 CPD-23256 (Spanish) CPD-23257 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPSC80