WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corner, and and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice
easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to of You to of and or from USB or or wireless and security: and and correction and positioning Security features include and the to the buttons A/V cover) to the and when to temporarily Additional three computers, USB and another VGA Wirelessly MPEG2 with from PC to four from match from to four only the while handout and the art and photography
Welcome This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where the instructions to and to TM or or wireless Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Download and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information.
Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the Cluband free. and Warranty with carry-in and warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. the warranty brochures included with who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight the brochure included with To the and to epson.com/webreg. products, and service.
Unpacking the the these and security screw VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying information, and instructions. Additional to the To To from VCR or other HD15 to You purchase these items from Optional Accessories PDF and CD-ROM Remote and AAA software CD-ROM USB Carrying
Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L40 V13H134A08 Universal mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 83.6-inch pull-down aspect DUET HD-15 to ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPMBAPL ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPSC80
and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning and off the Troubleshooting the
You mount the the or it projection. and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of anything that the the the within of grounded or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the instructions the location, such as theater or Turning On and the Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually and the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from
You the to off the and when This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To and the Follow these to the the A/V cover). of the the and the other The light light
Press the the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when or with switch. You to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the or and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press to The the the and the the when the This and If when Direct On and the the when the restored.
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the and the the This incorporates To it off, its as below, or off switch that to the You to the to cool off first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The off and the cord. If to the the light flashing, then the You to the connected to the (such as or DVD player). Selecting the switch input from of connected If the the Search the or the Source Search the the to You the Source buttons the to switch connected to the each or to wirelessly or from USB
Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the A/V cover) If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD screen and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the and the
and the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the checkbox selected.
the Once to If the too high or too as below. To or If the isnt To the brightness, or To the aspect If to the and/or sound, the Height of the If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning of the the the to or the as and the
and the Focusing and the Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the You or the directly front of the and This the If the or to the of the functions below. the to This function corrects the and of the to with aspect It when the to to the (vertically) and Press the the
You the the appears the of the Then the to the the white shown the of the Press the white momentarily the and the fits the The retained when the turned off. If the location, to the each To the Corner (below). Corner Corner to the and of the when or to finely the If the arrow buttons to the Corner If to Corner as follows: Press the the or the Select the and From the and Corner and and the If the of then the arrow buttons correction
and the You this the the (or the arrow buttons the to the to and the the (or the arrow buttons the to the and as to corners. to the Correction The corrects when within of or Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If correction isnt to the the
You manually the of the to and First the the to or Press the the (or the Select the and From the and Select and or and the and arrow buttons to the of the If the becomes the to the fits the If the or the sharpness Selecting the The the brightness, and this to and the The arrow buttons already correction or Corner.
and the Press the the and then from of these options: bright Text: black-and-white bright Theatre: high-contrast bright Sports: TV bright or only). Increases brightness when or TV bright Matches the of displays. Blackboard the white Customized: You the the to fits the Press to switch the aspect ratio and This or recorded You or (Down) to to or Normal to the and the of the
Presenting with the Remote includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You as wireless when from or to or the This chapter covers: the the and sound Highlighting with the or with the
If than seconds, the operating to release the Presenting with the Remote the Remote as Follow these the the the front of the or the within of the the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to only).
the the appears. Turning the and Sound You temporarily off the and sound when to redirect There to this: the A/V as shown below: Press the A/V the This the and the sound. To the and sound back the You the when the A/V You such as the Presenting with the Remote
This function the the sound. the to when the action, the Presenting with the Remote Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the of You of the the the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its
the To the the or the You the using the Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the the to the the Presenting with the Remote To temporarily off the sound and the A/V or the A/V
Presenting with the Remote the to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight Shape and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the with the Remote If to the with USB as then the USB the the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through Microsoft slideshow. or to to Left-click Left-click Right-click
the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where release the or More with the Remote If than the selected onesby using the ID To to the ID to match that of the the once the ID to the ID The ID to This to commands from To the ID, follow these Press the the You the Select ID the to highlight the ID, and to Presenting with the
If ID other than the ID of to the ID each the Presenting with the to the the Remote ID The ID This To to follow these the the to to Press and the ID the While holding the ID the through to the ID. Select to or to match the ID of the to the ID, whether the with the the to Press the ID the You the of these: If the the On, then the to that If then to the ID of the and/or
Connecting to Computers, and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or You the to USB or with CompactFlash memory or to Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting sound through the Connecting to or other USB CompactFlash the wireless Connecting
Dont to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC computers, and computers, and hand-held You to the USB the This allows to to the If to the as wireless to Connecting to the You to the the VGA that with (the If the VGA to the Computer1 or and the other to You to the Computer1 or Computer2 the to RGB
You optional to sound through the or USB to the as finished instructions turning the and the Connecting to the USB You XP or (SP4) to the USB and USB and than USB The first to the USB software from the Follow the instructions to the and the the USB the to USB Turn the USB that with the of the to the USB USB Connecting to Computers, and Other You cant the function when the USB to
to the of Right- Connecting to Computers, and Other the of the to USB or appear as the and the software Follow the instructions to the USB software. If Warning, You to the software the first the software the You switch the to other using the Source buttons the and then switch back to from the USB Connecting the If connected as this chapter (using the or and the USB the to Wireless the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to feet
The wireless function with USB TM XP, 98SE, or or OS to the of USB to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB Connecting to You to the the to its If Connecting Source If Connecting Source USB Connecting to Computers, and Other RCA VGA (RGB
Connecting to Computers, and Other If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source to to sound through the
Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the yellow the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting Source You to to the HD15 the You the HD15 to (ELPKC19) from information. HD15 to or the to and the or the You to the Computer1 or Computer2 the to If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. HD15 to HD15 to (ELPKC19) Connecting to Computers, and Other RGB If the Also, the the to or
If the players Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the Computer1 or Computer2 the You to the Computer1 or Computer2 the to RGB If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting If to the as as the You to the A/V or switched to VGA connected to the Computer1 Then to the as shown: Connecting to Computers, and Other The the Computer2 or USB LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or
Connecting to Computers, and Other Sound Through the You sound through the or To sound through the follow these the and to the the If connected to the or the to the Computer1) or the Computer2). If connected to the or to the other of the to the connector(s) or
Connecting You sound to with built-in amplifiers. sound through the built-in the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to You the to the Connecting to Computers, and Other
than and the directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the The slideshow function with the USB Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to or Other You USB memory USB or such as the P-5000 or Apple the USB specified Then slideshow function or the PC to the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the other of the to or other the USB If PC to PC the USB from the the the the right of the PC Press the the to PC the USB
CompactFlash Card You CompactFlash to and This without connecting to or PC. To the them from to the If the connected to the to the the the CompactFlash the as shown: The light to the or flashes when the CompactFlash the when the light or flashing. To the the to the The Press the to the Connecting to Computers, and Other light The memory TM cards. You SD TM Memory Stick, or Card TM CompactFlash the when the light or flashing, or the or
the wireless the the while its light or when wirelessly. You the or Connecting to Computers, and Other the To the wireless to the wireless LAN (included). Once the to the and the wireless LAN that with Turn the and the included screw to the and from easily
Connecting Network To the to (LAN), or To shielded or the to the and network as shown: LAN Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other
Presenting Through Network his chapter to to the through wireless EMP NS shown screenincluding graphics, and to instructions this chapter Starting basic Connecting to the (computer-to-computer) or Access wireless security options wirelessly the wireless as You the EMP NS software as each to to the Then follow the this chapter to and and EMP NS
the wireless the If to LAN or memory to properly Presenting Through Wireless Network to the to switch to Follow these the the and the Press the the to as the You this The appear the If already and the to computer-to- or to with the section.
You or the browser. Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose and You the following the when to from If to highlight the then Presenting Through Wireless Network
You when used. Press the ESC the and the option. Presenting Through Wireless Network Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and If to to the highlight and of to characters. highlight and If to security that only people who the as the to the or displayed the prompted NS the to to the these and then to that to the Press to the the You NS to to the and wirelessly or Access to the easy to and the with wireless or or or with or
to the this to other wireless or to the only. the the and easily off the To Access wireless or or (or AirPort) station, and or with wireless or Follow the instructions below the to To (computer-to-computer) and wireless or as this section. the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this Presenting Through Wireless Network the NS software as To to the wireless or XP. OS or wirelessly. Access to to 54MB/sec (computer-to- to This of
Presenting Through Network selected the If the the to highlight then to If the the to highlight then to If SSID or ESSID highlight the ESSID text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and that the ESSID the the type the the connecting to the these and then to that to the Press to the ready to to wirelessly. to the Network below, or
the Network to the to the or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Presenting Through Wireless Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information.
Presenting Through Network Right-click the Network and You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You to this: Click
wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the ESSID. Encryption Click the and that wireless or OK to the ready to to the software to allow to both and Access Typically, only to ESSID from the the If detecting the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Double-click the Network You the Network Presenting Through Wireless Network to other wireless or If to to wireless Access as Also, to wireless when the
If the other them deselecting their checkboxes. to other wireless or If to connected to wireless as Also, to wireless when the Presenting Through Wireless Network Location to Select Select Network then Select Network the Click Apply Then the Click the the the top of the You the Choose the ESSID assigned to the to turned Select ESSID.
Access To Access first and wireless or as this section. the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this Advanced selected the If the the to highlight Advanced then to If the the to highlight then to To to the the to the SSID of or the ESSID text (The of Presenting Through Wireless Network
about please If know or If using AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP Presenting Through Wireless Network from that of station; the and to the of Highlight the ESSID text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and that the ESSID the the type the the to the If assigns IP automatically, turn DHCP off DHCP and the following information: IP the IP to to the It other the The section should this Gateway the IP that assigned to the or when these and then to that to the Press to the
ready to wireless to the Network below, or to Access If to security options to the option that the Configuring the Network to the to the wireless or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click the Network and Right-click and Presenting Through Wireless Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information.
Presenting Through Wireless Network You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You this: Click
wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the (which should match the ESSID). Encryption the Click the and that wireless or OK to the wireless Right-click the Wireless Network and You this Presenting Through Network
about please If gateway or Presenting Through Wireless Network Select and the You this If DHCP, IP the following IP and the following DNS then the information: IP the IP to assign to the It other the The section this gateway the IP that assigned to the when DNS DNS the IP of the DNS OK Click the Wireless (If this to wireless or clicking to the
then follow instructions the to the You this: that to the It should with the to indicating If listed, and type the of OK to the ready to to the Projecting Presenting Through Wireless Network
If the using this the software that with Presenting Through Network Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the gateway IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the previous section. Then follow these wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Right-click the Wireless Network and
Click the The IP as shown: Access software to allow to Access Typically, to from the the If to the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Click the Network You the Gateway Presenting Through Wireless Network
If the other them deselecting their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this and To or the station, and Click then the If connecting to IP the Distribute IP to the stations IP and the first three of the IP to the first three of the stations IP Presenting Through Network Location to Select Select Network Then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the the Select station, then On the matches ESSID. If the ESSID the Network text and If DHCP advanced the Network and the IP selected. If to
Click the the the top of the You the to turned Select the of Security You the following security options when to the wirelessly: WEP WPA security, EAP-TLS or LEAP, EAP, or PEAP authentication. To these security features wireless or from the following sections to the security option WEP Encryption below WPA Security EAP, LEAP, or PEAP Authentication EAP-TLS WEP Encryption Press the Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then Presenting Through Network
Text input WEP with with ASCII first. If that Text2 and then Text3 Presenting Through Network You the following Press to the then highlight WEP and the WEP highlight or and Format, highlight HEX to input or ASCII to text input, then If chose choose ID or Highlight the Encryption text that to the ID selected, then Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the
option and highlight and with and follow these WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with ASCII or input, characters. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. these and then to that to the Press to the WPA Security Press Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network You the following Press to the then choose WPA-PSK(TKIP) or WPA-PSK(AES) and Highlight the PSK text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and these and then to that to the Press to the
EAP, LEAP, or PEAP Authentication Press Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then You the following Press to the then choose EAP-TTLS/MD5 EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2 LEAP or EAP-FAST/GTC and the and that match the authentication Presenting Through Network
Presenting Through Network Highlight the text and Press the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and Highlight the and the as the these and then to that to the changes. Press to the EAP-TLS Press Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then
You the following Press to the then choose EAP-TLS and The information appears the these and then to that to the Press to the Projecting Network Once and and (Quick) or Access (Advanced) or the optional wired LAN as follow these to NS and the Select EMP NS from the OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications Presenting Through Wireless Network
If network IP allow to appear. If or DHCP Distribute IP AirPort), the to the IP Once selected the IP the Switch when NS If to to the EMP NS then Switch LAN the Presenting Through Network The first NS this Choose and OK If to the firewall, to the and allow You the below. (If previously NS this the first Select
If the properly, listed. If the they with their The indicated to each Once the of appears, and If than listed, and to them to four) the If the selected already another to locked); the other If locked, to to when If the follow the If the to connecting, this the displayed the Network and OK Once the established, transmitted to the and floating If and locked, to To the from other users while connected, the it to the and allow other users. If Microsoft already when the and that to and NS Presenting Through Network
If of these the troubleshooting information The than the To the the station, and Then The appears the Presenting Through Wireless Network If necessary, the of the with the If the following: wireless enough to establish If the the the or wireless or trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and that its SSID matches the ESSID. OS X, the the to and the ESSID or selected. of the (You should that the ready to If to NS the ESSID matches the SSID wireless or If station, the ESSID matches the that the ESSID the IP both and wireless or station. The first three of the IP should The of the IP should to the of the IP wireless interface, or station. and NS
If follow the instructions Connecting Advanced to to the the From the these NS features: the Select of while connecting to the The the of Click to the selected slideshow the which allows to A/V switch the PC or switch the MPEG2 from Allows to and of the appear each the Disconnects the to the which buttons the Clicking of the buttons the to appear the the arrow the right to the Presenting Through Network with DVD
Presenting Through Wireless Network Connecting Advanced Click search the NS the IP or the the to to, and OK The to the EMP NS If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this Click the to to and the If than and to them the
If prompted the displayed the Network and OK The transmitted to the and appears the about the floating Network Security The includes the following options which and intercepted, deciphered. to (Authentication) and which that only the wireless to the and unauthorized third from connecting to the unauthorized closing that used.The security that with this the of the wireless LAN. the firewall function with OS. The security functions that with this the Encrypted Advanced Encrypted WEP, WPA-PSK (TKIP), WPA-PSK (AES), EAP-TLS, EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, EAP-FAST/MS-CHAPv2, EAP-FAST/GTC Presenting Through Wireless Network The authentication and firewall effective when the the the
Presenting Through Wireless Network Encryption Click options the Click the Select the Encrypt Click OK
Network Security You to security including WEP, WPA, EAP, LEAP, or PEAP, or firewall and the follow the from If EAP, to the that match the authentication with RADIUS Presenting Through Wireless Network
to to the and the function. connected, the EMP NS when the connected as secondary the that You each to match the as closely as Presenting Through Wireless Network each to section of the or to the least to overheating. To NS follow these Click
Click the to the of the displays. the Preferences or Preferences when the numbers. Presenting Through Wireless Network
supported. The MPEG2 NTSC or PAL (without Presenting Through Network To to each choose from the Click the when ready to the You the the NS to the each You full-screen MPEG2 with second). performance, advanced wireless or recommended. Click the the NS If connected to than the to the
Click the Select the MPEG2 to and the playback buttons the to and other finished the the features that allow to to and other activity Both with and Macintosh. displays to and other activity and slideshow while Presenting Through Network The the appear the
If to or instead of the the EMP NS V2 this located \EMP NS MAC OS X, located \Applications\EMP NS and then to the the Presenting Through Wireless Network the shows (or of choice) while search or other or slideshow, the shows Click the the NS The displays screen with the or Preferences the to secondary the pull-down and the to Then OK slideshow. The displays slideshow, the displays to the the NS allows to and while the to Follow these to and least EPSON If when NS EPSON from or Select EPSON then EPSON If that the testing, Then NS as
Click then On the selected, then this and OK the OS the and the to Presenting Through Network
Presenting Through Network to (or the selected NS then or Preferences
the pull-down and the to secondary the to (or the associated with and Then OK slideshow. The displays the and displays and Presenting Through Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network
the EMP software only), as Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card PC from USB USB or CompactFlash You graphics, or that own slideshow and MPEG CompactFlash and the to the the instructions. This chapter covers the following: Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Presenting from Creating slideshow the Creating to USB Presenting Supported
Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card Presenting From USB or CompactFlash Card This section to or from USB memory or CompactFlash of the Follow these to or or CompactFlash memory If using its cord. Turn the already Select as the pressing the the If than the the to the to and You displayed the If the the to the and If to
Select You when the the the or to and Select or If selected the If of the to the while If selected You the to playback, as indicated the of the To the top of the and Presenting From This section to PC and USB Follow these Turn Turn the Select as the the the If with the DCIM DCIM appear the PC the the to the the and Select the the another with Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card If the PC the and USB the to internal slideshows. the of with or A/V to the or and slideshow directly to the You the or the to the or
shows as If USB mounted and with the software. The software Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card the the and Select You when the the the to and Select The the If of the to the while To the top of the screen and Creating Slideshow the Fly If containing assortment of them as slideshow. of the the Slideshow First the the USB or CompactFlash memory Then follow these or CompactFlash memory If its cord. Turn the already as the the the If than the the to the to and
You the the the to highlight the containing and From the the to Slideshow and highlight the Slideshow the of the and The the as slideshow. the to the slideshow as the section. Slideshow While slideshow the as follows: Press or to the or or to to the previous or or to Press replay Press the of the to or the To the slideshow the and the Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card
You the Option selecting Option the of the PC and Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card and Other each the USB or memory the and other Select the containing the the slideshow to and From the the to Option and You this the to from the following selection, to the switching choose the to when slideshows, or or the appears whenever item and selecting or and the selecting and the To the the
choose alphabetically or whether to the of the Screen switching the each Choose to manually. choose from such as or highlight OK and permanently with each off the or the or Creating of and/or that from USB The to to and the EMP This the to that to the this existing that to to the If from scratch combining selection of other graphics, and Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card To USB to the EMP software only), as
Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card Converting to Follow these to to Once the created, as the EMP closed. the to or the top of the EMP about the EMP and one-by-one as they converted. this or completely converted. the the The slideshow and the following USB and to the then OK to the whether to the instructions the
Creating from Scratch this when to from selection of graphics, or to and the and the the and Double-click the EMP (or or EMP You the EMP with the as shown: and thats easy to to and numbers. Then from the following options: The location the and the Click to choose location. Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card The the of the
You the instructions this section to to existing Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card Click BGM(W) to the selection appears choose .WAV the the arrow to the right of the option to The Background appears around that the Select Select the Quality Higher-quality the to appear. Click OK You the EMP with the instructions the section to Building from You from of the following types, or with other types: through PPT JPEG (with JPG (with BMP or DIB (with MPG MPEG (MPEG1 supported)
Follow these the the of the EMP to the to include JPEG, and appear as the Click to Click the each that to The appears the thumbnail If the the If of appears. Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card appear
Transition created smoother than those with EMP the seconds. Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card and the to include from the or the (You to the to the To include whole (instead of the the the the to appears numbered The background to the type of the If to the To rearrange and them as within the To right-click the and To the its section appears the of the each operation. .EMA You as the section.
the or choose from the Then to the to USB or CompactFlash EMP to manually or specified of You choose from of Click the or which to the To than the Ctrl while click. To the choose Select from the Selected turn yellow. Right-click the selected or The appears: Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card
Click to manually smoother when them the and that to Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card Click You this Click to Choose to to the If to manually using the On click. If to automatically, the the Automatically You of and seconds this manually using the To (such as or of the Effects and choose Direction finished the the selected or OK Click the or choose from the with the the section when ready to to USB Select
Checking You to USB to and sounds the to. the the to the to review. Click the then to the Click Option(s) The displays. If the to to If to each the the to through the the to or the Stop Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card
Dont to the to USB or memory or properly. You the USB (or from the Option(s) If to the the selection If this and EMP Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card to USB or CompactFlash Card Once to USB or CompactFlash memory to the below to that the properly: the USB If CompactFlash or and the to EMP the the to the to Click the then to the From the Option(s) choose You selection Choose the (and and OK Click OK to to the location specified. Once the this about Select USB
The that the whenever the turned (with the connected to the of the following: If the to automatically, to to the and the If to automatically, OK and with the following instructions. You the To to automatically, it from the the of the screen and the arrow to to the the right. Click the to continuously. Clear the to once. OK Disconnect the USB or or the CompactFlash instructions. If using XP, or first to to or the Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card If than to automatically, they the this
than If the and the to Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card Presenting the USB or the CompactFlash containing the to The follow these to Turn the already If to it as as the If to to manually. with the following Select as the the the You the below. JPEG as thumbnails. Other or as the the to highlight and appears the the to and
While the as follows: Press or to the animation, or or to Press to the previous or or to replay Press the of the to or the To the the button. Select and the Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card to automatically, manually as
Presenting from USB or CompactFlash Card Supported The following from memory or CompactFlash Notes These created using the EMP that included with the Graphics with than projected. with than projected. Projection CMYK and with of Projection with of MPEG2-PS QuickTime Motion JPEG DPOF DPOF only (where and with the JPEG and MPEG cant projected. or as JPG or MPG. with high as from with The MPEG-1 Linear PCM and AC- played back, MPEG with sound played.
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the features the security and operation
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of options. of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the the the or Network
The the input selected. the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and brightness the or the the You each Select from these bright and when this the brightest and with bright Text: with black-and-white bright Theatre: Photo: high-contrast bright Sports: TV bright
the of displays. Blackboard the white Customized: below). Brightness or the the light and areas. the of the the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the and K. (Not selected as the the Customized RGBCMY to red, and and other RGB selected to red, and and selected as the such as high-quality photographs or artwork, the and Follow the instructions to the and the The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High
the Press the to then to to the Select and You and the RGBCMY (red, and yellow). Select the to and You and the of and the of the the to the and You the reflected the with the and each to You to the as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB
the to highlight the option, then as this On to Turn off to to the and Tracking this to this appear or and only. Turn this On to the If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to Computer1 Computer2 If the right the the the type of connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 RGB or that outputs (with or this PAL (then PAL60 Choose aspect ratio of or or (Down) to or Normal the the You the to the Tracking, and
You the using the the You the to the buttons the and other features. the of the the or to the Select to and or to or off Select Corner to the and of the of the buttons the the information. choose from three information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the
Remote Deactivates the front and/or back that from the this to of the or to interference from bright lights. when the and and when correction. the Security To unauthorized of the the following: Assign You the to the from from and that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed. The with to theft and to the should the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the Protection The the Follow these to Press the the about seconds. the You security to the to theft If the to the the Also, to write
the You this the to and to the and the the and the to four (The the Then the to the To security options, the Protect as and then of the following On Protect to unauthorized of the the and turned to the Protect to and from of the features the when the Protect function creating Network Protect to the Network the
Starting the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The and If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three the The operation and the switches to the from the and the back the try to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the To Creating You from or to the and then it as You as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the If the the Protect Release appear. It appears and the
choose the You to the the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the this highlight and the arrow to factor and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to the
Choosing to the to as the the when theres or the when the A/V Press the highlight the and and Choose from these Background to to when there to On to when the A/V to to when the A/V finished, to the the Operation function, the buttons, or buttons the The to the Press the highlight the and Select and the Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and Select and to the Press the to To the function, the and the the seconds. displayed and the released. the You these to them from without
the and You the to the the displays or off, and other operations. this to off the of the background or off the as Projection Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from screen when the mounted from the Direct On to the when the connected (without the button). to the off (and received)
or when the A/V cover) closed. High when the Select Network On to the to when (the light USB Select MP to through the USB Choose Wireless to to the as wireless USB-connected ID assign ID to each the ID to the to with the instructions. this option to or that to each other, or the to from with You each of First choose and then the each Brightness Correct. to the brightness, and Correct. to the and or and information about Select from to the the If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the
If or from might overheating. least of the You match the of when or to each other, or when the to from as each of and correction. to assign ID to each This the to the to instructions. To match the as closely as that the to the instructions. Press the the You the Select the to Then Brightness Correct. to match the to the Press to the of Next, the of the Match the brighter to the and match the of and and match the G/R correction Then and match the B/Y correction If using three or through to match to then match to and
software included with and from EMP only) to switch and basic the to about You NS to to as group. This allows to and easy to these from other computers. To the software to first EMP as If to EMP NS Then and each to You the wirelessly Access or wired as This chapter covers the following information: Connecting to wired and with EMP to of to the
Connecting to Wired Network Follow these to the to and with IP the to using or the to the LAN the the the and the Press the the to as the Press the the the Network then Choose To Network and Choose Wired LAN and You the following of the following: If assigns automatically, the DHCP
If automatically, off DHCP and the IP Gateway and DNS as To numbers, the the to highlight the to input, then the and then to that to the Press to the this the Press the the the Network then Choose To Network and Choose then You the following If the SNMP option to IP This the You from EMP
If with which it to the to If to Network On the the the (when the off). Highlight On to notifications, then the IP the SMTP the You from to each of the the following IP to (where from to the SMTP The You from to Choose of the Destination then the where to when You to three You to characters the Select or to about through this section to the and then to that to the Press to the the selected or warning to the specified The of the EPSON The includes the following information: The of the where the occurred The IP of the where the occurred of the
EMP EMP to whether connected wirelessly or wired It easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software only) as The using to the should connected to and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP from the or right-click the shown then Click to EMP If to while they the then Network On
to Follow these to search EMP as You this Select New search) You this
Click Search to currently operating the found the as shown below: Select the to clicking its then the You this If the found, connected or correctly the
To from the right-click the and To when turned Network On as the the group, necessary, necessary, and the Then the To with EMP through You with of The EMP using the Source, and shown below. This which currently used, from which (or they and information, right-click the and Property
The following the shown the EMP or the operating normally. Warning or the warning or Right the and to the group. currently updated. or Warning or when the or incorrect Right-click the and to the currently updated. Network the connected to the or disconnected). You this Network selected Network
The and its The off and its The and its The off and its The internal The internal The (high). The high (high-temperature warning). The internal too high (internal The turned off automatically. warning. The nearing the of its life. High-temperature warning. The too to The or incorrectly. flow. The to cleaned or replaced.
recommended to flow There with the flow as cover the cover The reached the of its life. The reached its of or incorrectly. High The turned off automatically. as as as Other as
To turn when selected Network On as the the The buttons the the and off and the to of its selected the to (with the clicking of the buttons.
the If to the information about the Refresh EMP To often EMP the of follow the below: From the You this the and OK You to of with the Follow the below: EMP From the function If EMP to whenever You from the
If it to the You this Turn the function On the IP and of SMTP (outgoing) the to three to to the boxes. Click the buttons to the which the OK to the function the If EMP to each of the the function The of the includes the shown EMP and the warning/error. The of the The EMP The The to the
the fixed, EMP indicating the to the If connected to to and that the as the should to Network On to the to the through and the IP of the to the If what the of the the and Wired LAN or LAN from the Network to the IP of the You of the following: If the Network OK
If the Network the then OK You this Functions to buttons Select of the options the then of the as These to those found the You the following the High and the and the the the of the as would the buttons. Choose the action, off the and sound, or the or off.
FTP If connected to as the to CompactFlash the Then the PC to and You FTP software to to the to the using the Macintosh. If follow these the IP of the the field as FTP You the of the CompactFlash displayed the right: Copy to the To to when turned Network On as the the
clean of the it off and the cord. the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean. You to the and or to cool the The only should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and the Transporting the
thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Cleaning the and includes to the performance. If collects the the of the or the front of the them as below. clogs and overheating and the Follow these Turn off the and the cord. To clean the and and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). You the to both If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to the To V13H134A08. information.
should the Turn off this when to the of the the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to to the It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the warning light flashes To brightness and the as as The light flashes (the light or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L40.
Follow these to the and Turn off the and the cord. the cool least hour The immediately the cover screw to Then the cover to the and off of the the screws holding the cant them). these screws the the cool the that the and should to If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right Once the its screws. the cover, then its screw. the the of the and the clicks the as the section.
the the to the the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow the to highlight then You this Select and the and finished, to the Checking To the of hours the used, the and highlight the Info You this: the The information the input currently selected.
the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of the the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover as the cover off. AAA batteries, the and as shown. the cover as shown, then
Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the the A/V cover) to the If CompactFlash from the the the or the incurred
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the Press the the or the You the the the or the buttons the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and turn the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You it or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the light
lights Light Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing There with the or The or clogged. Clean them or the as to Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as Flashing off of internal the and as If using the of High the The or Clean them or the as to If the to overheat clean the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. If this the the the and as The or clogged. Clean them or the as to If this the as
Operation The If the when the the connected to the and The Disconnect the from the outlet and as to the A/V cover) closed. The buttons the If the function cant the the the instead. information about the function. with the or Sound appears the that the light The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the off temporarily. the A/V cover), closed. The attached or screen pressing the
If from DVD or other it and its connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as If connected and or to the Source Search the or of the buttons the to the Allow seconds the to the If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If using OS X: Preferences Click Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected.
The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the or refresh the If necessary, of the displayed. Press the the the the information. Press the the Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other You to existing created them software information. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the isnt or its as the to the when the upward.
The or If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD the input selected the If the Corner, or to the Sharpness the The blurry. There or smears the Clean the as the the If the sharply the to the the to directly front of the the within the from the the You to using the from to If from to the tracking and as the section.
You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the or the the to the Tracking, and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. the option the to the If the and the You the ABS and the You projecting this to The with through the VGA of the used, exactly match the or
the Brightness and the to the The to replaced. instructions. the input selected the There sound, or the sound enough. the buttons the to the or the the A/V (The A/V pressed.) the A/V cover) If includes the turned the or muted. to this clicking the right of the On to the from (top right of the or the function If using DVD or other the connected correctly, as If it connected to headphone or the other to the when the to the Computer1 the to Computer2 the
Network You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the to Network On If the XP or as the restarting You cant to the NS the wireless correctly the If to the NS or the to the and correctly; or (Access that wireless On the the the wireless or of the (You should that the ready to If to NS If the Access and DHCP, allow to appear. It the while to the IP
If or or restarted allow or the to appear. If AirPort, turning off and then that trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and its SSID to match the ESSID On the the top of to turned and the ESSID or selected. If or and using DHCP, IP the Access advanced The first three of the IP should to the first three of the IP of or station. The of the IP should to the of the IP of the or station. If DHCP, Gateway the Access advanced It should to the IP or station. If each the off and then or and the wireless the the Network and the If AirPort, the of the station, and Click the Network If to DHCP Distribute IP and IP If and DHCP off Access advanced Distribute IP off.
If Access and to the interference from another or station, then NS If AirPort, the ESSID should match the the of the station. To the the station, and Then The appears the If prompted when the WEP using WEP connecting IP displayed with appears distorted. high-resolution correctly. with high ratio appear blurry. BMP, GIF, and PNG the than JPG the than and the and CMYK EMP appear the EMP or created these of and or EMP thumbnails and cant the MS Office JPEG the MS Office instructions. Also, the to the
You cant EMP they to the USB You only they the then the to USB You cant slideshow to the to the You the to from the Option(s) If this and EMP connected You cant the The MPEG2 It MPEG1 The MPEG1 Linear PCM and AC-3 played back. If MPEG2 the light the wireless If the light off the and the included cant played back EasyMP to the or or shows as when to If it USB-mounted and with The
EasyMP, ERR the of the the below. ERR or to Turn the off, then back or If EMP NS try reconnecting to the If through the USB the USB Communication off. the or Unstable wireless Network high. while, then try reconnecting. with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the within about of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. If necessary, the Remote to the front or back to interference
the Remote isnt both of the If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the Where To these technical services: to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply.
please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Although EMP and EMP and EMP NS or XP. Software software CD-ROM includes the software to the featuresfor wireless to memory and the from location. Software CD-ROM includes EMP and EMP Network and the from location. the software, these Microsoft (SP4) or XP or or or wireless (to EMP NS wirelessly) IBM PC with least III At least 256MB of RAM recommended) At least 128MB of XGA or and or higher
You wireless from OS EMP NS EMP and EMP only Software the software, the following OS or (OS to recommended) or wireless interface to EMP NS wirelessly G3 or or At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of XGA or and or higher the Software Follow these the CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Click Custom then EMP selected with the other options).
Click then follow the instructions to software. the or displays to to four to the software, selection EPSON from the and selecting EPSON If that the testing, If selected Displays, this to the installation the Software Follow these to EMP NS the software CD-ROM If necessary, the CD-ROM to its Double-click the OS Click then follow the instructions to the software. to the Software If displays, its
Software
his the location, such as theater or The four front or as shown: Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting to the Projection the to the If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the Corner and/or as
The includes security features to its theft when or locations: Security You security as shown below to the to or mount. security The security with the MicroSaver security You purchase this from the includes security features. Security security
Technical Specifications of TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to Projection to to rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness High Brightness correction Supports USB (type B) C
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L40 Remote feet AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, to VAC, off) to VAC, off)
to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to and United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The the high and below, as as NTSC, PAL, and SECAM To from the refresh thats with the resized TM to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; to RH DNX this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Compatible Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1120 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21
Compatible (continued) Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV625i SDTV SDTV Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the or back than that specified correction If the mounted should technicians mounting with this the or heavy the where to or humidity. the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where to or of through the or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which
Notices the closed-in provided. If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the the or when the from the outlet and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance. If or from the If the or or If or the or to or If or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the type of indicated the If of the or If the country other than where purchased the that country. outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the following when the the with the outlet with the the the where the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
If the the to contained the from or with the or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the Notices
Notices This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes