1970W/1975W/1980WU/1985WU
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 1970W, 1975W, 1980WU, and 1985WU include these features: Bright, high-resolution 1980WU: to of light and of white brightness (white light 1985WU: to of brightness light and of white (white light 1970W/1975W: to of brightness light and of white brightness (white light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO 1970W/1975W: Native of (WXGA) 1980WU/1985WU: Native of (WUXGA) USB and Wired and wireless 1970W/1975W/1985WU) and HDMI 1/MHL and HDMI or and and 1975W/1985WU) PC shows and connected USB memory or
Additional Optional and to the to the following To or A/V or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI To HDMI MHL, MHL or HDMI and MHL with Devices with integrated MHL To with from with or purchase information. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP77) V13H010L77 (ELPAF41) V13H134A41 Wireless USB (ELPAP09; V12H005M08 1975W/1985WU) LAN (ELPAP07; 1975W/1985WU) V12H418P12
Warranty and Information Option or DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 DC-11 V12H377020 DC-12 (ELPDC12) V12H594020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 ELPSC80 mount ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 plate ELPMBP02 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA ELPKC02 VGA ELPKC09 VGA ELPKC10 security ELPSL01 Soft carrying V12H001K65 Service Service EPPEXPA1 Service Service EPPFTPA1 2-Year Service Service EPPFTPA2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services.
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations topic: Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions the Network Projection instructions only), the instructions using to interactive the PC If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear
Remote topic: Introduction to A/V Foot release foot A/V Remote Wireless LAN light 1975W/1985WU) cover cover
Rear cover lights the of the topic: Locations Network LAN RS-232C Computer2
Security Remote HDMI HDMI 1/MHL Computer1 USB-B USB-A topic: Locations Mounting Security Rear foot
topic: Locations Source Search (searches (selects options) and arrow information) buttons and arrow buttons topic: Locations Related Light
through through connected buttons numbers) and
Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons buttons and of the A/V off and sound) (splits the information) action) buttons (activates on-screen functions and wireless ID button (selects and ID (selects MHL button (displays or functions the MHL LAN and optional Wireless USB USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the Cover You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and topic: the You or the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Related references The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or 1970W/1975W Aspect Ratio or or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to 1980WU/1980WU Aspect Ratio or
Screen or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows or without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to topic: the Related Product
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB HDMI recommended high Turn the to USB-B the other to USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. Select EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software
Connecting to VGA OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software the first the to the If XP and to The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related USB You the to VGA To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to Computer USB If HDMI to the using optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI output the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or to topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to USB-B or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to using USB connected already. the USB to USB-B the other to USB
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related the Remote as Wireless If includes sound and to the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to MHL-Compatible Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to MHL-Compatible the other to of the HDMI The the from the internal or connecting to topic: Connecting to Sources If smartphone or to the MHL or HDMI with MHL If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI 1/MHL connected when MHL the MHL or to If MHL to HDMI the other of the to the HDMI 1/MHL The the from the internal or to topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source If to the optional to with the to or If these to the VGA to the Tighten the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Optional and If to the optional or A/V the with the yellow to the other to the
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to Computer topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the If using the to the optional or RCA If the the to the RCA If connected to the HDMI the with the sound. the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the the and white the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related If connected the to to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to On as the and On as the A/V the
Connecting to that refresh than to correctly. connected to the the to topic: To the sound from the to You the the You the to with If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to
Connecting to USB Devices USB topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or of these to USB or smartphone USB USB memory or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB Class-compliant USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their AC recommended) with You the PC to own shows containing and and them from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices
Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the Related topics PC You USB or to the USB-A and it to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB-A shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics PC You switch the to the connected to the USB-A the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with USB or to the from the If the off and the
Connecting to the Remote Disconnect the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You to to the of the following to the to the DC-06 the USB that with the and to the to the USB-A and to the USB the DC-11 to the or and to the the the the DC-12 to the HDMI or and to the the the the DC-20 to the HDMI or and to the the the features software, to instead of the the topic: Related Optional and The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and it clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the To the cover, the A/V clicks the To cover the or temporarily off the and sound, the A/V closed.
topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Wireless Network from Network SNMP You to through wired To this, the to and then and connecting and the as the software from the Software CD or the software as necessary. the following software and to and Network software the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC software allows to interactive the of users the PC Projection instructions. Network software only) allows to firmware wired LAN. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network Projection software.
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network from the the using its connected the to wired network the LAN Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Network and Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the
to characters the to characters the the EPSONWEB security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the displayed the arrow buttons the To highlighted
Wireless Network To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network You to through wireless 1970W/1975W/1985WU). To this, the wireless LAN and then and wireless The wireless LAN included with If LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly the Network software. There to the to wireless the optional Wireless USB only) the manually the Network the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless Network software wireless the Network instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of users the PC Projection instructions. from or with the wireless LAN and free (U.S.) or information. the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually
the Wireless LAN Searching Wireless Network Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security topic: the Network Related Optional and To the wireless the optional wireless LAN 1970W/1975W/1985WU). other type of wireless LAN the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the
Wireless Only) the wireless LAN and the screw the cover. and the topic: Wireless Network Projection Related Optional and You the Wireless USB to the to wirelessly. Then and the when The Wireless USB included with Turn the the USB to the USB-A You that the information the USB the USB to USB or the then Allow the
Selecting Wireless Network Manually Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If Firewall to the firewall. the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Related Optional and from wireless the the its Turn the Press the Select the Network and
the Wireless to LAN On and Select Network and the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters using the to characters the the EPSONWEB security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless LAN Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection Selects the type of wireless Advanced to or the optional Wireless USB to Advanced to wireless
selects the the wireless SSID On SSID searching to when connecting to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the to Protected Select to the WPS Wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the connecting to Search Access To Search Search wireless Advanced IP DHCP Select DHCP assigns automatically, IP or manually the SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Network Manually LAN IP and Gateway Gateway
Searching Wireless Network You function to and to wireless Turn the Press the the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Wireless LAN and Select Advanced as the and Select Search Access and Select the of the wireless to to and If the security the wireless
Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS You this: Select the the security as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wireless Network connecting to the the wireless To wireless software, the and the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network Projection to the the wireless OS X.
Network Security Click the the the top of the then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Network Projection You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WPA/WPA2-PSK security (Advanced WPA2-PSK security (Advanced and TKIP and AES supported. with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and the Security and
Security Wireless Network from Mirroring) Select the security WPA authentication authentication supported. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. WPA2-PSK and WPA Selects the type of security Security from to Selects the Passphrase topic: Wireless Network Security You to from such as smartphones, and or and 1975W/1985WU). If or to software. Mirroring Restrictions Selecting Mirroring Connecting Mirroring Connecting Mirroring Connecting Mirroring with topic: the Network the wireless characters the
Mirroring Restrictions Selecting Mirroring the following when Mirroring features: You with than You with and fps. You 3D supported. The features supported. You to with copyright protection with topic: Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) You Mirroring and then from Press the Select the Network and Select Mirroring On as the Wireless Select Mirroring and Select these Mirroring as necessary: to characters to the from of
Connecting Mirroring LAN the type of wireless LAN the connected to. Quality the speed/quality. Select to the and to increase the the type of WPS Protected PIN Notice whether the PIN the while from other than the Mirroring selecting and topic: Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) You wireless from Devices Select the Mirroring as necessary. Press the LAN the to switch to the Mirroring You the Mirroring On to the Apps Select PC Select PC and Select Devices Click You of
Connecting Mirroring Select from the If the PIN or the PIN the Mirroring or the right of the and Next The displays the from or It to establish the the while connecting to This to or malfunction. topic: Wireless Network from Mirroring) If or the software to to the wirelessly and and Select the Mirroring as necessary. Press the LAN the to switch to the Mirroring You the Mirroring On or the software. You of Select from the If the PIN or the PIN the Screen Mirroring or the right of the The displays the from
Connecting Screen Mirroring with Network It to establish the the while connecting to This to or malfunction. topic: Wireless Network from Mirroring) If to the wirelessly and and sound. Select the Mirroring as necessary. Press the LAN the to switch to the Mirroring You the Mirroring On the function to search the information the function. You of from the If the PIN the PIN displayed the Mirroring or the right of the The displays the from It to establish the the while to Doing to or malfunction. the to when connecting. Follow the instructions topic: Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) You the to the there with the Press the the Network and
Select Network and Select the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network
Network SNMP with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the the Network and Network and Select the Others and
to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. these or through (where from to If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If network the to allow the to detected. If to the If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and browser. This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or functions If to Communication On to and the the turned connected to the the IP the and the computer's You the
You to the If and (The EPSONWEB and the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the Remote option. You this: Selects Computer Selects and HDMI A/V and Selects the Selects the USB or USB
Closed Caption Select the to the function to topic: the Network If the and the and You the or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and using and connected to the If to the when the turned off, to the the ECO Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and the to On to allow the to detected. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and browser. connected to the the IP the browser's and the
You this Select the input that to the Sources You through using the and arrows the To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the displayed and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the the with the Focusing the the Focusing the with Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the Projecting PC Related Turn the or to the the
the cover. the to the the With Direct On turned the as as The light This that the
Turning the Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary. Press the Source Search the or to the Press the the the topic: turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness using the A/V the To off the off the Press the the or the The displays shutdown
Press the (To other The the off, and the light off. With technology, there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing.
Selecting the the the cover. topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Height Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their height. If the to the topic: Related Related
Automatically Correcting With Screen You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the quality. correction corrects when the Automatically Correcting With Correcting with the Correcting with Corner topic: You the to the and of to The the and these mounted the Screen inches or about to 1970W/1975W) about to 1980WU/1985WU) Projection about right or or or The too The and the Press the the or You the the as to the the of the the its the of the Press the Screen
Correcting with the displays then this appears: the as the arrow buttons the finished, necessary, the corners individually Corner the arrow the topic: Related Correcting with Corner You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this
Correcting with Corner Press of these buttons the to the Press the to the correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the using the the topic: Shape Related You the Corner to the and of that
Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this Press the the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then
the with the You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this
Focusing the the Focusing the with To or reduce the the topic: Turn the and You to the the You the pressing the the the assigned to this To the the topic: You the to the
these inches or The too bright within the and 1980WU/1985WU to to 1970W/1975W to to Press the the
Operation You this: Turn the the matches the as closely as finished, topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the
that the the receivers within the using the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the batteries. the as Wireless the as topic: Related the
the Remote as Wireless You the as wireless from the the to the USB-B or HDMI to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless the following the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote Related
the as Selecting Source You the as to information the The arrow, using the Press the the the arrow the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Related If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary.
of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the HDMI, and MHL USB and
the the Network and Screen Mirroring topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. the to from the top-to-bottom and to from the and the the the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom.
the Projection the Aspect Ratio To back to the the A/V button seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related You the aspect ratio of the displayed to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed changes, and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input
the Aspect ratio Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect using the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI and MHL topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary.
Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre bright Sports displays the Blackboard accordingly) whiteboard the Whiteboard accordingly) bright photographs and other DICOM SIM
Turning On Iris The DICOM SIM reference and should to topic: the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and On You turn Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Caption Press or to the topic:
the with the PC You the the or the to the as with The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the the or these the appears the To the to input the topic: You PC whenever USB that This and easily and it the Supported PC Starting PC Starting PC PDF PC PC topic:
Supported PC Related USB Related Connecting USB or to the You these of the PC that FAT16/32. If from non-Windows formatting the instead. You to the security features USB with PC features. type the the the the converted from using PDF the CMYK Highly PDF or Encrypted
PC type the topic: PC USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC operation options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The PC appears. with other than PCM or ADPCM than 2GB
Starting PC PDF the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following: To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the instructions or the topic: PC Related Disconnecting USB or From the USB to the switch to the USB input and PDF You the following while PDF from USB Release JPEG2000 effects, 3D artwork, or Press the USB the
The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and To the first of PDF the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the If than characters or include the shortened or only the If PDF the appear the While PDF the following commands to the as necessary: To to the or previous the or arrow
Starting PC To of to from, the Then the or right arrow to and To the of to the Press to to To the or right arrow To the the the or arrow to highlight EXIT and topic: PC connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC operation options highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The PC appears.
PC the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and or the or buttons the To back the arrow buttons to highlight the and If than characters or include the shortened or the If to back the the Slideshow option the of the To playback, the highlight and topic: PC Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the PC
Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly Transitions with with using of topic: PC
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Projecting You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the If the and sound off than the off. You this and off the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You using the A/V the topic:
Action Temporarily and of Related You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the
Security Security the following the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to quickly. To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protection from using the without first Protection from the screen the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the Protection from the or
Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the about seconds or this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and Press and the the and the to
Selecting Security The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the about seconds or the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and To to the or Protection On and to the to the to the
to the topic: Security If and On Protection to whenever the This appear when the turned You the to the Press and the the while the the buttons. The
to If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to Support. to the Support, the and of ownership the topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which useful the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the button, the and Select the and You to the as
Select and You selection the arrow the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the Screen and it to On
the To whenever the A/V button, A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security You the the to from the You the or the the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security
Unlocking the Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft. the the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy through the security when mounting the or topic: Security Related Rear You using To this, assign to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the displayed to each other.
the ID least inches of the to them from overheating. the ID the Remote ID Quality topic: If to from each ID. Press the Select the and Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic:
the Remote ID Matching Quality The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. know the ID as the ID the that the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. Press the ID the to the You displayed the If the as On the ID to only the If the as the ID properly. the to the ID to match the to You the ID to match the ID each the to topic: You match the of that to each other. Turn the which to match the quality. ID each
the the It to match the ID to match the first Press the the and Select the and the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the lighter and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness Correct. and the the Correct. G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these to to and topic:
Related Related the You the to from to each other. You the the or the While the other and to both Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this
To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the To the the or button. topic: You command, such as turning the or off or switching input as You when the to the command. The Protection the Protection turned off to Editing topic: You commands to and them as Press the Select the and Select the and
Scheduled The screen appears. Select the and Select New and the section, the to (Select that to the section, the and the to finished, and To the previous Select and to topic: You currently scheduled Press the Select the and Select the and You this: The the the following about the Reoccurring
Editing Communication on/off topic: You currently Press the Select the and Select the and You this: Press the or right arrow buttons to highlight the the containing the scheduled to Press the or arrow buttons to highlight the to and Select of the following: On/Off or the selected the the selected Clear the selected New scheduled finished, and
Select and to To scheduled and topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network ECO Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the using the the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the connected and that
the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of Varying the tone based Advanced options the and of the Iris the based the Normal when the or Theatre The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related and High selected; High correction fast-moving
Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the and that On Automatically (when On) the input the option Varying to Tracking Normal
Varying to or right the location the whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction NR1 HDMI the to match the of the connected to Normal the HDMI input fast-moving NR2 Expanded the graphics, and Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright Expanded normally from selected the too
the type from input to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- the ratio to the or Processing speed/quality The Reduction the following: the Processing option to the to Selected RGB or input topic: the height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
Related Aspect Ratios the features. The the currently selected input H/V to and Corner vertically) H/V manually and or correction or off Corner to and on-screen
the and displays Source locking to the Three the of the Varying reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch to focusing and the and correcting to to Source buttons Front/Rear Closed Caption buttons the buttons locked
topic: the Related Correcting with Corner the the that its operation.
Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 type (closed Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether displayed the A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 NTSC connected through the or Rear Rear Screen whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Direct On Selects options High Direct On turn the without Source Search the On High the operating Source Search the that input when the turned On the turning to the the and
A/V A/V Selects the following when the (turned off): ID Assigns ID the when through to Matches and of Brightness Correct. options the and Selects the and option) HDMI1 A/V The On HDMI2 the and while only when to Communication On Correct. and Selects the input when from the and USB-A HDMI1 and HDMI2 Selects which when from the HDMI 1/MHL and HDMI the
Network Network the Protection option the Protection to On related to the topic: the Related Related topics the Network information and the and Wireless Mirroring On Switches wireless LAN and screen 1975W/1985WU) Wireless LAN On Wireless LAN On wireless LAN 1970W) Both
Screen Mirroring Info and 1975W/1985WU) MAC Mirroring Accesses 1975W/1985WU) Info Wireless LAN wireless and LAN 1970W/1975W/1985WU) Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses network topic: the SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
ECO Related Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) Wired Network Wireless Network Projection the ECO functions to power-saving appears to the Selects the of the Normal the to ECO the and the brightness accordingly Normal brightness ECO reduces brightness and and and
On Automatically the of inactivity to the On Automatically off the the cover closed A/V On Automatically off the A/V Communication On Communication On that the Communication when the this to allow the following operations to when the ECO On the of the to the power-saving when the topic: the and the and to (A/V to On
Information Info You information about the and input the Info the Select to the firmware Select Info to the below. the input The hours the least hours. Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input
ID Information item Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service the ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Projection Turn the off and then Unstable the and connecting to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection
ID and The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the
You the to when the the Hours option. You the following the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the it off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or gently the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the turn off the and the cord. To or cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic:
Cleaning the and the Clean the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord. Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to clean The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord.
the and the cover. the of the of to regulations.
the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and Related Optional and The track of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Specifications
the the the cool least hour the Warning: the to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury.
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the securely or the the to to of the topic: Related the
the You the the to clear the and to track of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the
the Remote The AA or the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or You Access the Through the Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the The this If of these technical topic:
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light light light Mirroring light light light light light and Normal operation Flashing Warming to appear or
light light light light and Flashing when the light flashing, the Flashing Flashing too Flashing overheated and turned off; off to cool about then the following: that the and with or Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
light light light light and Flashing Flashing Flashing the to Flashing Flashing or Flashing Flashing Flashing Iris the off, Flashing turn the off, and Flashing Flashing the Screen Mirroring light Screen Mirroring Mirroring light flashes quickly; connecting to using the the off, and and off, and to the or incorrectly; reseat or the as Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
the light light light light and Mirroring light flashes slowly; Mirroring Both as the Wireless then switch the back to Mirroring On Mirroring light off; Mirroring that the Wireless to Mirroring On If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to
or Sound Appears To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears Supported" Appears Only Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic: If appears, the following the cover the or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned
Incorrect the USB Function Appears with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related references Quality Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly using the USB function, try the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications with reduce the from from using off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the layered the USB topic: or Sound Related If the appears, try the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear.
From PC From Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from it to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound Related topics Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears Related topics Connecting to Sources If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the the checkbox.
"Not Supported" Appears Appears topic: Appears Related topics Connecting to Sources If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported
the Not the or Static If the try the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the Turn the Press the and the the on-screen the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Automatically Correcting With Correcting with the Correcting with Corner If the to interference or the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the and If the the and manually the Tracking and
the or Blurry If the the try the Sharpness to If connected without it to caused interference the If the USB function, off the the USB topic: or Sound Related Supported Related From PC From Related topics Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to using the enough to the the the that the the the from the or the manually. Turn the the Sharpness to
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect If from the the to the and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from or to match the topic: or Sound Related references Quality Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, try the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected If the ECO selecting Normal the At high or locations to high the become and to the the enough to the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound
to Sound or Remote Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily stopped. Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB If using and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to connected when the off, the option to On and the A/V option to On If the immediately turning it off, the cooling high and This topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote
to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Remote Related references Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, try the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the
to You Access the Through the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Related and Remote Related the Remote ID If or the following You turned protection without first using the If incorrect too and write the and to the the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote If to the through using the ID and which the user ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the the Network The
Network Not Where to to the the The ID and topic: If to with the try the following the turned and to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply.
the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of Poly-silicon TFT active 1970W/1975W F=1.5 to reproduction to (WXGA) 1980WU/1985WU (WUXGA) length: to
1970W/1975W Brightness ratio with Iris and Normal 1970W/1975W aspect inches to inches 1970W/1975W aspect inches to inches Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO brightness light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light output measured with ISO 1980WU/1985WU Normal White light (ISO light output ECO White light (ISO light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO 1980WU/1985WU inches to inches 1980WU/1985WU inches to inches
Specifications rear, ceiling-mounted Projection aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio to (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction or Screen USB USB and USB or USB One USB and USB input or topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) 1970W/1975W/1985WU Normal (ECO or Screen 1980WU to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception to or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches 1970W/1980WU topic: Technical Specifications Rated to VAC 1975W/1985WU 1970W/1975W/1985WU to 1980WU to
Specifications to V) 1970W/1975W/1985WU to V) 1970W/1975W/1985WU topic: Technical Specifications to F to C) (relative, to condensing) to Normal ECO 1980WU Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On) Normal ECO 1980WU Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On) to to F to C) to to F to C) to F to C)
and Specifications Supported to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+* UXGA WUXGA** MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input
Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA+** SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input VGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV only
USB 1980WU/1985WU topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software. XP Professional, OS OS Edition, and PC Edition or and Service and Professional, and and and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and and or or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Wireless Telegraphy Regulations Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when disconnecting outlets, cords, or to with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in
allow of to the the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or it or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to or the where to
Restriction of the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately because the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to impacts. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability.
FCC this high reliability/safety such as or related to please own this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices
Wireless Telegraphy Regulations Source Software The following acts prohibited the Wireless Telegraphy and (including the the of topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. and TM and SM and SM service of America, Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL
These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON PTP-1.00
wireless_tools.29 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and
its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this
If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and
of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that
This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, of
This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 DirectFB-1.4.2 The GNU as follows. You the GNU
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the library or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others.
Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of change. You the whole of the to to third the of this
If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these Once this it that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the
that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such only and accessors, and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the terms of the the and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You of this If the displays copyright include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the
library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise permitted, and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based
redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that it to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation.
If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS How to Apply These Terms to New If library, and it to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author>
This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Also information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD WPA of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights
This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES
English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software only the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the
The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered owned IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, from the free JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the Unisys LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW algorithm; the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the
through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc.
the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. users.sourceforge.net March
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information
Apache-2.0 This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0". The "Apache-2.0" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of Apache-2.0 used) terms of of each which of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0" as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or of Source including to and to other types.
"Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and
You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You own within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of modifications, or such Works as whole, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of
the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with own information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built using this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or of its including, to, and/or This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated
Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY expressed or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software.
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the user the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop
E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA
USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without fee hereby granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation
to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and of correctness, reliability, or otherwise; and the software, and own IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright Chuguev. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. using Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc.
Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. Copyright Foundation and other granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP toppers-pro terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied.
The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the terms and owner of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
mentioning features or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following The copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution
The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. LICENSE ISSUES The both the of the and the SSLeay apply to the below the Actually both Source of related to please Copyright The rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the The and to or products from this software without written written please Products from this software appear their without written of the Redistributions of whatsoever the following acknowledgment: "This includes software the the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes cryptographic software written Young This includes software written SSLeay Copyright (C) Young rights This SSL written Young The written as to with SSL.
This and as as the following aheared to. The following apply to found this the RC4, RSA, DES, the SSL The SSL included with this covered the copyright that the Copyright and as such Copyright the to If this Young should as the author of the of the used. This the of or or with the Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: "This includes cryptographic software written The 'cryptographic' the from the cryptographic related If include (or thereof) from the directory include acknowledgement: "This includes software written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution The and terms publically or of this this and another [including the GNU topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc.
CPD-41046R1 topic: Copyright Notice