1930/1940W/1945W/1950/1955/1960/1965
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 1940W, 1945W, and include these features: Bright, high-resolution 1930/1940W/1945W: to of light and of white brightness (white light to of brightness light and of white (white light to of light and of white brightness (white light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO 1940W/1945W: Native of (WXGA) Native of (XGA) connectivity Plug-and-play USB and Wired and wireless 1945W/1955/1965) and HDMI or DisplayPort and
Additional Optional and to the to the following To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To DisplayPort DisplayPort or purchase information. To with from with or purchase information. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP75; V13H010L75 1940W/1945W/1950/1955/1960/1965) (ELPLP74; V13H010L74 ELPAF41) V13H134A41 Wireless USB (ELPAP09; V12H005M08 1945W/1955/1965) LAN (ELPAP07; 1945W/1955/1965) V12H418P12 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 DC-11 V12H377020 ELPSC80 Universal mount ELPMBPJF
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Option or ELPMBP01 plate ELPMBP02 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA ELPKC02 VGA ELPKC09 VGA ELPKC10 security ELPSL01 Soft carrying V12H001K65 Service Service EPPEXPA1 topic: with basic warranty that with the warranty that with addition, offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this epson.com/webreg and services. topic: Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to
Where to Additional Information Locations where to Press the the or to to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions the Network Projection instructions that from USB connected to only), the If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear topic: Introduction to 1930/1940W/1950/1960
Remote A/V Foot release foot A/V cover cover 1945W/1955/1965
Remote A/V Foot release foot A/V Wireless LAN light cover cover USB light cover
topic: Locations 1930/1940W/1950/1960 DisplayPort Computer1 AC input RS-232C Network LAN Remote security USB-A USB-B Computer2
HDMI 1945W/1955/1965 DisplayPort Computer1 AC input RS-232C Network LAN Remote security USB-A USB-B Computer2
HDMI topic: Locations Mounting Rear foot Security topic: Locations 1930/1940W/1950/1960
Source Search (searches (selects buttons and arrow buttons information) buttons buttons and arrow buttons lights 1945W/1955/1965
Source Search (searches connected (selects buttons and arrow buttons information) buttons and arrow buttons lights topic: Locations Related Light
Remote through connected through connected Screen functions 1945W/1955/1965) buttons numbers) and
Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons buttons and of the A/V off and sound) (splits the information) action) buttons (activates on-screen functions and wireless ID (selects and ID (selects LAN and optional Wireless USB USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the Cover You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to anything that the the within reach of grounded or cord. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to approximately to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or Aspect Ratio or Projection to inches to to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to 1940W/1945W Aspect Ratio
or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB DisplayPort, or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows or without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to topic: the Related Product
Connecting to Computer Sources Connecting to USB and Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to DisplayPort and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to using USB Turn the to USB-B the other to USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. Select EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software
Connecting to VGA Select EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software the first the to the If XP or and to The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related USB You the to using VGA To that includes or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to DisplayPort and Connecting to USB If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes only or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If DisplayPort or DisplayPort to the optional DisplayPort the DisplayPort to DisplayPort or DisplayPort the other to the DisplayPort topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to USB-B DisplayPort or HDMI the the to as wireless This
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources from To this, the to USB connected already. the USB to USB-B the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related the Remote as If includes sound and to the USB-B DisplayPort or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the quality. the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional to with the to usually or If these to the VGA to the Tighten the screws the VGA
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Optional and If to the optional or A/V the with the yellow to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the If the to the optional or RCA If the the to the using RCA the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the Computer
Connecting to Connecting to the and white the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related If connected the to to the This the when the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the If there the Computer1 the to topic: To the sound from the to You the the You the to with
Connecting to USB USB The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without using or connecting of these to USB or smartphone USB USB memory
Connecting USB or to the or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their AC (bus-powered recommended) with You the PC to shows containing and and them from connected USB or memory 1945W/1955/1965). You shows from connected USB or memory 1930/1940W/1950/1960). topic: Connecting to USB Related topics PC Projecting You USB or to the USB-A and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB-A shown 1930/1940W/1950/1960 1945W/1955/1965
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics PC You switch the to the connected to the USB-A the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the Disconnect the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You the DC-06 to USB-A 1930/1940W/1950/1960) or 1945W/1955/1965) to the
the Remote features software, the DC-06 to instead of the You to to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB-A or 1930/1940W/1950/1960 1945W/1955/1965 the other of the to the USB topic: Related Optional and The the AA that with the only the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the To the cover, the A/V clicks the To cover the or temporarily off the and sound, the A/V cover closed.
topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Connecting to Wired Network Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Network the Network SNMP Networked You to through wired To this, the to and then and and the as the software from the Software CD-ROM or the software as necessary. the following software and to and projection: Network software the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the using the Network software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or
Selecting Wired Network of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network from the the its connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the and 1930/1940W/1950/1960 1945W/1955/1965
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the 1930/1940W/1950/1960). or Remote to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and 1930/1940W/1950/1960 1945W/1955/1965
Wireless Network Projection If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the the arrow buttons the To highlighted To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete or Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You to through wireless 1945W/1955/1965). To this, the wireless LAN and then and wireless
the Wireless LAN If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly using the Network software. There to the to wireless the optional USB only) the manually the Network the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless projection. the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and the LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Searching Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS WPA or EAP Security topic: the Network Related Optional and To the wireless the wireless LAN 1945W/1955/1965). other type of wireless LAN the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord.
the and the cover. the screw the wireless LAN then the
the wireless LAN the the wireless LAN and the screw the cover. and the topic: Wireless Network Projection Related references Optional and
Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually You the USB to the to wirelessly. Then and the when The USB included with Turn the the USB to the USB-A You that the information the USB the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If Firewall to the firewall. the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection from wireless the the using its Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the Remote to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless
Wireless LAN LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection Wireless LAN On wireless LAN and off Protected Select to the WPS LAN the type of wireless LAN the to Selects the type of wireless Advanced SSID On SSID searching to when connecting to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the to Search Access To Search Search wireless Advanced to or the optional Wireless USB to Advanced to wireless
Searching Wireless Network selects the the wireless SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the DHCP On DHCP assigns automatically; to to manually the IP and Gateway IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually You function to and to wireless Turn the Press the the LAN
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the LAN and Select Advanced as the and
Select To Search and Select the of the wireless to to and
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS WPA or EAP Security Select WPA or EAP from the Select the the security as selecting and follow the instructions to and the topic: Wireless Network Projection to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network connecting to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the network (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network Projection the WPA or EAP security to match with the information.
Wireless Security Select WPA or EAP from the Select the the security as selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Security topic: Network the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security Selects the type of security the wireless WPA2-PSK(AES) Passphrase Various from to WPA-2-PSK security, selects WPA/WPA2-EAP characters the the
EAP PEAP WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects the PEAP-TLS authentication to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the to and On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the when CA CA WPA/WPA2-EAP security, displays the to and CA RADIUS On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the authentication RADIUS to WPA/WPA2-EAP security, EAP-TLS LEAP characters selects the when the PEAP-TLS or EAP- TLS EAP characters selects the EAP authentication characters selects the to
the HTTP from USB of On WPA/WPA2-EAP security, selects whether to the topic: WPA or EAP Security Follow the instructions to the to security You or from connected USB to once from USB or or the correctly. HTTP from USB from topic: the Network You the HTTPS to increase security the and with To this, the and the HTTP the to the of the the and allows the from about the when the from This topic: the You the USB connected to the with the USB to the
Press the USB the The PC screen appears. the following as to To the arrow to highlight the and the button. To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and Press the arrow buttons to of the following To or the or from the and To CA the CA and
USB The displayed or Certificates) or the displayed CA If the the using the that appears. The displayed. the of the to correct. the the arrow to OK and You USB topic: the You these of the PC with connected USB type type CA PDF
from topic: from USB You the the wireless LAN authentication. with the turned connected to the the IP the and the You the and to ID and the following information or lowercase exactly as shown: the ID, EPSONWEB (You the user ID.) the the (You the using the Network Network the option and You this:
Click the the and the Click to the the Apply to and the topic: the You these of the (PEAP-TLS/EAP-TLS) Format PKCS#12 PKCS, P12 Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 to characters; Format DER/CER/PEM Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Encoding HTTP)
Network Format PKCS#12 PKCS, P12 Encryption RSA Hashes MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Common Network Optional to characters; topic: from You the to the there with the Press the the Network and Select Network and of the following: Select the and Turn Select the and then Notification and Turn 1930/1940W/1950/1960
1945W/1955/1965
Network SNMP the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose or field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete or and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP
Press the Select the Network and Select Network and of the following: 1930/1940W/1950/1960: Select the Others and 1945W/1955/1965: Select the and then the SNMP and 1930/1940W/1950/1960 1945W/1955/1965
Select the SNMP and 1945W/1955/1965). to IP to SNMP notifications, using to each field. these or through (where from to If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to 1930/1940W/1950/1960). If turn the to allow the to 1930/1940W/1950/1960). If to the 1930/1940W/1950/1960). If this to broadcasted the turn the Broadcasting the the Broadcasting 1940W/1950/1960) only). selecting or and follow the instructions to and the topic: the Network
Once connected to and using browser. This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or using browser. If to Communication On to and the the turned to the the IP the browser's and the You the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the Remote option. You this:
Selects Selects and HDMI A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Closed Caption the to the function to topic: the Network If using the and the and You the or the Broadcasting when information Networked topic: the Network To and and connected to the If wirelessly, the using the Advanced network 1945W/1955/1965).
Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Others 1930/1940W/1950/1960) or the 1945W/1955/1965) and 1930/1940W/1950/1960 1945W/1955/1965
the to On to allow the to detected. selecting Complete or Complete and follow the instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and browser. connected to the the IP the and the You this
the input that to the Sources You through the and the To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Shape the With the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the PC Turn the or to the the
the cover. the to the the The light This that the turned
Turning the With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown
Press the (To other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing
Selecting the the the cover. topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Height Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the
Shape The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their height. If the to the topic: Related Related You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the quality. correction corrects when the (The 1930/1940W/1950/1960 and the 1945W/1955/1965 and Automatically Correcting With Screen Correcting Shape with the Correcting with the Correcting with Corner
Automatically Correcting With Screen topic: You the to the and of to 1945W/1955/1965). The the and these mounted the inches or Projection about to about right or or or The too The and the Press the Screen the or You the the as to the the of the the its the of the Press the displays then this appears:
Correcting with the the as using the arrow the finished, necessary, the corners individually using Corner the arrow buttons the topic: Shape Related Correcting with Corner You the 1930/1940W/1950/1960) to the of that such as when the to the of the Turn the and You to the the the the correction, slightly topic:
Correcting with the Related You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the Press of these buttons the to the Press the to the
Correcting with Corner correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic: Related references You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the Press the
Select the and Select the and the Corner and Then You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then
the With the Focusing the the Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Turn the and To or reduce the the topic: Turn the and You to the the To the the
Remote Operation topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the as
the Remote as the Remote as topic: Features Related the Remote You the as wireless from the the to using the USB-B DisplayPort or HDMI to If connected to the DisplayPort, or HDMI USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the
the Remote as topic: Remote Related You the as to information the The arrow, using the Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Related references
Selecting Source If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the to turned DVD or other and its necessary. of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the
Projection the Projection the and HDMI USB and Network topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and
the the the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the button.
Aspect Ratio Select the and Select the and Select and Press or to the topic: The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input 1940W/1945W Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input and the
Aspect ratio Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and maintained). Aspect ratio the aspect ratio to the input and the Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input it the the Turning On Iris
the topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright
Turning On Iris Theatre Sports bright Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright DICOM SIM photographs and other The DICOM SIM reference and should to topic: turn the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the
the with the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when using Closed Caption Press or to the topic: The the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes
PC Supported PC To or the the buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: You PC 1945W/1955/1965) whenever USB that This and easily and the Supported PC Editing (SIT Starting PC PDF Starting PC topic: Related USB Related Connecting USB or to the You these of using the PC that FAT16/32. If from try formatting the
instead. You to the security features USB with PC features. Graphic and Text type the the the the converted from using Converter from Converter PDF the CMYK Highly 12MB with PDF or earlier Encrypted
Editing (SIT type Recording MPEG-2 MPEG-1 MPEG-4 ASP MPEG-4 AAC-LC MPEG-4 AVC WMV9 WMA Motion JPEG Linear PCM USB with or the back correctly. You to which DRM Rights applied. topic: Projecting PC If the Converter software to to (SIT with the simplified command, You the of the or choose to or to SIT apply only the PC You FSE Press the USB the The PC appears. You back from MPEG You back from Linear PCM and AC-3 the with ADPCM
the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and Press the arrow buttons to the and the You the Press the arrow buttons to and Press the arrow buttons to the to and You the options
Starting PC PDF Select of the following options to the To the of the the the to the and To the or to Show/Hide the the arrow buttons to Complete and You edited the USB topic: PC Related Disconnecting USB or From the USB to the switch to the USB input and PDF
You the following while PDF from USB Release JPEG2000 effects, 3D artwork, or Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and
Starting PC To the first of PDF the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the If than characters or include the shortened or only the If PDF the appear the While PDF the following commands to the as necessary: To to the or the or arrow To of to from, the Then the or right arrow to and To the of to the Press to to To the or right arrow button. To the the the or arrow to highlight EXIT and topic: Projecting PC Related Disconnecting USB or From the USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC options highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The PC appears.
the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and To back the arrow buttons to highlight the and If than characters or include the shortened or the If to back the the Slideshow option the of the While back the following commands to the as necessary: To or the of the or right arrow To the operation, the To or the the or arrow, then the or right arrow to (Pressing the or arrow increases the amount of
Projecting Supported Slideshow To to the or the or arrow then the or right To playback, the highlight and topic: PC Related Disconnecting USB or From the You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily and the Slideshow Starting topic: Related USB Related Connecting USB or to the You these of the Slideshow that FAT16/32.
Starting type the the the the PDF the the topic: connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow options or effects highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. CMYK Highly PDF or Encrypted with other than PCM or ADPCM
the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the button. To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic:
Slideshow Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly
Effect with with using of topic: Starting
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Projecting You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You using the A/V the topic: Related
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary.
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protect from the the Selecting Security to the to topic: Security
To security, the the about seconds this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the confirmation the You the accepted."
Selecting Security to the Press to to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and To to Network Protect On and You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the
You the to the the the while the using the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to Support. Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security
to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the as Select and You selection the arrow the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor
the Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security You the buttons the to from the You the or the buttons the
Unlocking the Security Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You and Unlocking the topic: Security If the locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft.
the security the to Security from the the to and to or heavy topic: Security Related Rear You using To this, assign to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the displayed to near each other. least inches of the to them from overheating. the ID the ID Matching Quality
the ID the Remote ID topic: If to from each ID. Press the the and Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. the ID as the ID the that
Quality the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. Press the ID the to the You the If the as On the ID to only the If the as the ID properly. the to the ID to match the to You the ID to match the ID each the to topic: You match the of that to each other. Turn the which to match the quality. ID each the the It to match the ID to match the first
Press the the and Select the and the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness Correct. and the the Correct. G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these matching to to and topic: Related
Related the You the to from to each other. You the the or the While the other features and to both Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.)
To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the To the screen the or topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of to the tone based Advanced Various options the and of the and
Iris On the based the brightness when selected The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that
On (when On) the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to to or right the location the whether to Reduction NR1 fast-moving NR2 graphics, and
HDMI Normal the to match the of the connected to Expanded the HDMI input DisplayPort Normal the to match the of the connected to Expanded the DisplayPort the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- the height the selected input Expanded normally from selected the too Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright RGB corrects corrects
the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features.
H/V to and Corner vertically the and displays Source locking to the Three the of the Normal Selects the of the ECO Varying the of or to Source buttons H/V manually and or correction or off Corner to and using on-screen the buttons Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch to focusing and the and correcting topic: the Related Correcting with Corner the that its operation. Front/Rear Closed Caption
Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 type Background whether the A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 NTSC through the or whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Creates that the displays to and security Selects the the the the oriented correctly Direct On Selects operation options Communication On Selects whether the or RS-232 when or (off) Rear Rear Direct On the without the High the of inactivity the off the the cover closed High the operating the input using the option
Network Network ID Assigns ID the when through to Matches and of Brightness Correct. options the and Selects the and displays option) topic: the the Network information and the and Correct. and
Information Info Info Wireless LAN wireless and 1945W/1955/1965) Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the You information about the and input the Info the SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
the input The hours the least hours. Information item Hours the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service the ID the ID to the of ID
ID ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and connecting to the the the Network Projection with disconnected. the Network The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct.
ID and Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network 089A The EAP authentication type match the the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089B EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. 089C EAP authentication the wireless LAN security and that the security correctly. topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the You the to when the the option.
You the following the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic:
Cleaning the and the Clean the or they dusty, or to them. Turn off the and the cord. Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to clean or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord.
the cover and the cover. the of the of to
the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and Related Optional and The track of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when turn the to the The light flashing the the topic:
the Related Optional and Specifications the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury.
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and tighten the screws to the and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to track of the topic:
the the Remote Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select Hours and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the The AA or the as as they only the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If it them immediately to the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote The of which Follow these to or the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection Light the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Network Not Where to If the properly, try turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light the Flashing Flashing too that the and with or Clean or the the too
light light light and overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing Light Flashing the to the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the turn the off, and topic: Related that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic:
Appears Incorrect the USB Function If appears, the following the the or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. it manually necessary.
Appears From PC With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications with reduce the from from using off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the the USB topic: or Sound Related If the appears, the following Press the Source Search or Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.)
From "Not Supported" Appears Appears If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the the using the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to to and the within the
the Not the or Static the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the Turn using the the of the 1930/1940W/1950/1960). Press the 1945W/1955/1965) and the using the the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Automatically Correcting With Correcting Shape with the Correcting Shape with the Correcting with Corner If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference
the or Blurry Securely connected both connected to than VGA/PC or HDMI the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to If without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related Related From PC From If the or try the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from topic: or Sound Related Quality Projection Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected If the ECO try selecting Normal the the enough to the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related
to Sound or Remote Operation Quality If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search or Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If the immediately turning off, the cooling high and This topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic:
to or Shut-Off to with the Remote If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons locked security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The Disconnect the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Remote Operation Related references Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or
to Network Not If off of the receivers the or the receivers off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Remote Related and Related the Remote ID If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the
Where to topic: If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications USB of Poly-silicon TFT active 1940W/1945W F=1.51 to to Brightness (WXGA) (XGA) length: to Normal light (ISO White light output ECO White light (ISO
ratio with Iris and Normal 1940W/1945W: inches to inches Projection rear, ceiling-mounted 1940W/1945W Normal light (ISO White light ECO White light (ISO Normal light (ISO White light ECO White light (ISO Normal light (ISO White light ECO White light (ISO inches to inches inches to inches
1940W/1945W aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction 1930/1940W/1950/1960 USB USB and USB or USB 1930/1940W/1950/1960 topic: Technical Specifications (ECO or or 1945W/1955/1965 or or One USB and USB input or EPSON 1945W/1955/1965 One USB and USB input One USB and EPSON
Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches 1930/1940W/1950/1960 topic: Technical Specifications to about hours ECO to about hours 1945W/1955/1965
Specifications Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications to to to ECO 1930/1940W/1950/1960 (Communication (Communication On) 1945W/1955/1965 (Communication (Communication On) ECO 1930/1940W/1950/1960 (Communication (Communication On) 1945W/1955/1965 (Communication On) to to
and Specifications Supported (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh WXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ UXGA WSXGA+* MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV
Refresh HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA++ SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV DisplayPort input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA WXGA++ SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA
USB Refresh SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV 1940W/1945W topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software. (Service only) OS OS or and XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and and and and USB USB and (USB recommended)
CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and and or greater or topic: Technical Specifications Related Connecting to USB and
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Software Copyright Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If or least of the to allow You to clean the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or near the the using or other than the cover. the cover to temporarily with the cover closed This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please own this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Copyright This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. and TM and TM and EPSON SM and SM service of Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., Street MA USA to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things.
To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee.
You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of change. You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the user to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or,
with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the
If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what it Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright year of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type
The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, Coon, of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, too, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they
the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether or library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the because to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the to software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those functions and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this
If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and customarily software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the
that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such only and accessors, and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the
library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based
Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted
the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These to New If library, and it to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option)
This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., hereby copyright the written Random of Coon>, of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!)
You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If it acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software only the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its
ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following to the There warranty with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, accuracy, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc.
the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which owner of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information
This includes the software which the following of used) terms as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works
include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the contained within such NOTICE
those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other
Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with own information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester UK rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that:
include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or of its including, to, and/or This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its own copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California
Copyright The of the University of California rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights
to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K 800-29-29-AMD the USA or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's
(C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution.
The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the
to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
using Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright
this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. WPA The copyright of the WPA software terms and to as "WPA The this with the BSD as of the WPA The "WPA WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of WPA WPA of of each which of the copyright to the "WPA as follows.
Copyright Jouni and Rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following thedocumentation and/or other with the Neither the of the above-listed copyright the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MPEG-4 ASP: With to offering MPEG-4 and/or the following THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER FOR ENCODING VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD ("MPEG-4 VIDEO") AND/OR DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA TO PROVIDE MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING THAT RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND COMMERCIAL USES AND LICENSING MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA,LLC. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM. MPEG-4 AVC: THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") AND/OR DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/ OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO
Copyright Notice LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM WMV/WMA (Microsoft): This protected property rights of Microsoft. or of such of this without from Microsoft. VC-1 THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE VC-1 STANDARD ("VC-1 VIDEO") AND/OR VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE VC-1 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Concerning of Copyrighted Materials Copyright Attribution each user to and of the copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This information to without Inc. CPD-36673R4 topic: Copyright Notice