the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following the VGA that with the to the Computer1 or Computer2 and the other to If switch to You USB or only) the USB that with the the of the USB to the USB the of the to USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. (You to the software the first Then the USB the Network (LAN) the to Ethernet Network the back of this information. to and the to switch them. RCA to VGA VGA These optional. or USB or other USB to the USB DC-06 If or USB the Slideshow the Network and PC CD. information connecting or the CD. Turn Turn or the the A/V the Press the button the or light The light flashes then NOTE: To the the then You to the to the If the Source Search the or the to the NOTE: If or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Turn the to the Turn the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. or If or the the to the the as shown AA batteries). Turn and off Turn off and sound (USB only) You the to the With the USB the as wireless information using the Choose which to
to and the to switch them. These optional. or USB or other USB to the USB DC-06 If or USB the Network and PC Slideshow the CD. information connecting or CD. the Turn Turn or the the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following using the VGA that with the and the Computer2 or Computer1 to the other to If switch to You USB or only) using the USB that with the USB the of the USB to the the of the to USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. (You to the software only the first Then the USB the Network (LAN) the to using Ethernet Network the back of this information. the A/V the RCA to VGA VGA Press the the or light The light flashes then NOTE: To the the then You to the to cool the If the Source Search the or the to the NOTE: If or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Turn the to the Turn the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. or If or the buttons the to the the as shown AA Turn and off Turn off and sound (USB only) You the to the With the USB the as wireless information using the Choose which to
Network If to the the Press the the the Network then Choose Network and Select the Wired LAN and Choose IP and You the following: of the following: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If automatically, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To numbers, the arrow buttons the to highlight then the button. finished highlight then To the IP from appearing the the IP to Complete and to Then to Press the to the the Projection and only) each that the the CD Software to these Press the LAN the Network Projection Select or EPSON Network Projection OS X: Double-click the Network Applications Select Advanced then OK Select the to to, then If the the search If the four that appear the LAN and OK projected, with floating Disconnect the NOTE: information about and the Network and PC Operation and only). These with and clicking the them Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while If the and the the CRT/LCD or as On this the LCD and the or both the If that to both the LCD and the From the the right-click the and then Click then Advanced or Advanced The the to then the as and/or OS From the Apple Preferences then or Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click or then selected. Where to information about using the the from CD. Telephone Services To the the PIN the included with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg Optional of optional You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca EasyMP, and and of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27666 service, and
the Network and only) each that the the Software Meeting CD to these the LAN Press the Network Projection EPSON or Select Network Network Projection X: Double-click the OS Applications OK then Advanced Select Select the to to, then search If the the If the four that OK appear the LAN and projected, with floating the information about using and the NOTE: Network and PC and only). These and clicking the with them Network If to the the Network the the Press the then and Network Choose and Wired LAN Select the You the following: and IP Choose of the following: DHCP If assigns automatically, the If assign automatically, off and IP and the DHCP as Gateway To numbers, the arrow buttons the to finished highlight then the then highlight To the IP from appearing the to IP the to and Complete to confirm. Then to the Press the Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If using the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while If the and the using the CRT/LCD or as On this the LCD and the or both the If that to both the LCD and the From the the right-click the and then Click then Advanced or Advanced The the to then the as and/or OS From the Apple Preferences then or Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click or then selected. Where to information about the the from CD. Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service AM to PM Monday through the of warranty You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg Optional of optional You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca EasyMP, and and of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27666