EMP-S1
EMP-S1 of Indicates the that people or the these Indicates related information or useful information and things should know. The "this and "this which appear this to the with the and other optional products. Indicates related topics and which information. terminology P.62
EMP-S1 The high and high bright Clear, and to The the of the to which connected operations easily the included of as follows: Ease of P.27 selected to the type of "Selecting P.27 The around the the included function (wireless The easy to carry. Compact and lightweight
EMP-S1 and Functions the P.5 P.9 from the the P.23 Another foot located the and retracting the front Press both when right foot P.24 when the to the from becoming or cover when carrying the this to Another front foot located the and to the right front foot P.24
EMP-S1 the and Functions correction P.25 P.32 P.20 P.31 or the Press to buttons P.23 Flashes or lights to the operating of the P.20, P.42 the and off. [Source] P.26 and Switches the input the Computer/ each the pressed. the previous the function. or when P.34 P.33 or lights to to with the Warning P.43 to the or item or when
EMP-S1 the and Functions Rear This the to P.9 P.14 to using A/V the from and Computer/Component P.13, P.18 from other P.18 the when P.20 to the P.18 P.9 the security P.63 the or A/V or to the using and switch. RCA P.14, P.19 from the and should the customer. the to RS-232C This (RS-232C) P.65
EMP-S1 the and Functions mount fixing the optional mount when the from the this when the the cover P.56 from the the and other the also. P.54, P.59 when carrying the this to
EMP-S1 the and off. P.20 Remote Theatre, and each the the of Selects the The pressed. P.27 [Computer]: Switches to the input Switches the input to the and the to the Computer/Component of the without the the of the that the of the P.30 [Source] buttons P.26 item or to the or when the previous or when the function. P.34 P.33 the aspect ratio of from to [Aspect] P.29 to their when this to to "OFF". P.27 Selects items and buttons P.32 buttons the P.31 the or the P.28 or the Momentarily off the and [A/V P.28
EMP-S1 the The the back of the shorter vertically the using the Remote the the the the Remote the using the please the the the the C the clicks receiver, to the If sunlight or lighting hits the the
EMP-S1 and to the Instructions World-Wide Warranty of the that right to (cm/ft.) of to of from Projection the of least the and the or The should as the
EMP-S1 the Ceiling/Rear Other installation Rear installation. "Optional Accessories" The optional mount when the from Please to this as P.60 or from "Projection" P.38 the the
EMP-S1 to the try to when the Turn off the both the and the connecting, to: the types. switched incorrect Connecting to Press and the the function using or PC with in-built the Condition that the such to that of the "Supported The and of the with in-built and Please to as RGB or CRT further P.66 Compatible NEC SONY IBM the PC, the when the section the Instructions World-Wide Warranty instructions to proceed. If please the the"International Warranty Conditions" of appear to that found. Follow the It the projected. to further the the You to purchase the If the and too from each other the to reach, the optional of the to the VGA-HD15 PC "Optional Accessories" P.60 with the further
EMP-S1 the Connecting to whether the of 5BNC or from To (commerically To workstations. Please with the of workstation. the and together. type of Interference or Select "Computer" the P.35 To (accessory) 5BNC To To VGA-HD15 BNC PC (optional) To
EMP-S1 the Connecting to The input the displayed Connecting to You sound from through the in-built sound from RCA displayed to correction, and To and the or switch. To 2RCA To Press or the P.38 You the from the
EMP-S1 the Connecting to to the of This screenshots from the Macintosh. the You the as wireless to the the Remote the accessory Remote to the USB of the the and The New Hardware" displayed. "Next" to proceed. Remote (accessory) To USB Remote the the insulation Click "Next". with the of used.) XP Macintosh: OS or Compatible to The Remote to the function to used. to with USB interface. further
EMP-S1 the Connecting to Click "Next" to the which displayed. C the "Next". Click Click the to "Specify location" and type "C:\WINDOWS". Click "Next" (The Remote the and the Follow the The instructions to the installation. The of the You to location to search the OS Click to the search that location.
EMP-S1 the Connecting to the or A/V the the of the the Remote the Remote and Functions To the the right, of the following Press these buttons to back and forth Down] buttons through when Acts as left-click. [L Click] the or the Acts as right-click. [R Click] The item when [L Click] released. To and the [L Click] and the with the and Momentarily off the and [A/V the [L Click] click: shorter vertically If the the the operation of the buttons reversed.
EMP-S1 (DVD, S-VHS, to the to when the Turn off the both the and the connecting, to: the types. switched incorrect Connecting to To To (DVD, (optional) From (DVD, VHS, AV (yellow) To the the to match the from the to or P.35 To Computer/ To
EMP-S1 the Connecting to sound from RGB To To AV (red/white) To Computer/ (accessory) To RGB and alternately, the or switch. Press or the the the to "Computer". P.35 RGB or required. P.38 You the with the
EMP-S1 the The lights Turn off the of the and the connecting to. Turning the Turn the of the If connected to playback. "Connecting to Computer" P.12 "Connecting to P.18 the the cover. or PC with in-built the P.12 C the to the
EMP-S1 Turning the The and the supply to Press the the lights It about seconds.
EMP-S1 the lights Cool-down It about seconds. Turn off the to the Turning off the Press the the from the the while the or this the the the the cover. displayed. The other than the pressed, or nothing seconds. C Press the The to
EMP-S1 Turn the to the the from the to the "Projection and Press the or buttons the The of the basically the to the increase the reduces the P.10 the the of to If the the the If the the If the of the dirty, or as of to the correctly. If this or the "Cleaning the P.53 If would to the further, the further from the The function of the The P.30
EMP-S1 the the front of the while the buttons both the front the that right to the from the The height turning the of the front from of Press the front buttons both and the to to its If to the that right to instead.
EMP-S1 the corrected without when the to of the right to the the of This corrected. below You only with this function. corrected. Press the or buttons. If the become appearance correction the sharpness Quality" when correction "Sharpness") P.35
EMP-S1 Remote without to the input however when connected to connected, or the input Selecting the Source Computer/ The input switches and whenever the [Computer] pressed, as shown The items selected using the command the displayed. P.35 The input each [Source] pressed. If or connected, to the the when necessary. The input switches and whenever the [S- pressed, as shown
EMP-S1 selection to the which There Selecting Functions Enhancing Projection The analysed and the following to the quality. Tracking Advanced Operation and fresher to brightness. Brightness emphasized. bright their tones. Theatre You to off the (The ON) P.35 Conforms to the If the connected both the and the to Brightness emphasized. bright to off, the the to The each Theatre the the input Other input: operation, or when displayed, the If the or and the Tracking and manually Quality" "Tracking", P.35 You the the P.35
EMP-S1 Advanced Functions the Temporarily the and sound. A/V Press the the The Press the [A/V the The sound and moving to played back Pressing the clears the to to the where activated. To the or the The A/V to or "Background Color") P.38 The Projection when the [A/V or the button. activated while the sound and to played back the to to the where A/V activated.
EMP-S1 Advanced Functions Projection or projected. which when and or This function the Aspect ratio of from to recorded or aspect Press the [Aspect] the to the as follows:
EMP-S1 Advanced Functions Enhancing Projection C Press to the Press to reduce the The or reduced. of the without the of the of the that You with the buttons. the the Press to ratio Press the the displayed the to the of the to Press the buttons to the reduce.
EMP-S1 and within the Sharpness Sharpness Quality Brightness Quality Tracking only) Background Projection Hours Source Info Refresh Rate Info Source Info
EMP-S1 Advanced Operation Press the or buttons to the Top Press the The top displayed. Top
EMP-S1 Advanced the or buttons to the the C Press the (b)Press the or buttons to the Then the displayed. Press the to the selection. Item currently selected. Item currently Press the or to the items, then the items which or to The the or buttons the then the
EMP-S1 Advanced the or buttons to the Then, the the buttons to the Press the to to the previous item or or other items the Press the to finish.
EMP-S1 Advanced The functions the to the type of which input. input, the and Function appears when
EMP-S1 Advanced Operation Conforms to the If the connected both the Corrects the of the The each type of Brightness emphasized. bright Select from the type of and fresher to brightness. Brightness emphasized. bright their tones. and connected to or Theatre: Function the brightness of the Brightness Quality the of the the when appear the the sharpness of the Sharpness only) Tracking
EMP-S1 Advanced Operation and when the brightness, sharpness or correction the when or interference the obtained the the Function Quality Press the and from the which displayed. Higher and tones. and tones. bright from to bluish the only) only) ON: the input switched to the the OFF: to its only) when or NTSC input) the of the only) Select the type of connected to the Computer/Component HDTV DVD Computer: only) the within the to their Select to such as and sound, to their Press the and the which displayed. P.41
EMP-S1 Advanced If the become appearance correction the The when correction Corrects the sharpness Function Press the and the the which displayed. the vertically and displayed, as The vertically and reversed. The reversed. The displayed vertically reversed. Rear/Ceiling Rear
EMP-S1 Advanced to "OFF", such as and the of the selected input or displayed. Warning such as the to displayed. Function noticeable when the input Selects the of the input. whether or the "EPSON" displayed the background to or Background the the and Projection and the Projection when the the or the the when cooling (The lights the option when input. Press the and the from the which displayed. Selects the which displayed. the within the to their Press the and the which displayed.
EMP-S1 Advanced Info the of the reaches about 1900hours, warning displayed red. the operating Hours Function appear when the input or the input only) the input projected. Source the input only) the only) the that with and to EPSON Service please the information this information. only) Info appear when the input or the refresh only) Refresh Rate
EMP-S1 Advanced the operating this command selected, the operating to the Function Select to the the items that Press the and the which displayed. and items the to their
EMP-S1 There the which of the the You Troubleshooting Warning P.20 Cause/Remedy Condition The should when the this Press the to (Not If the the supply flashing P.22 P.20 Projection You the the Press the cool- The cool-down about seconds. Cool-down finished. (Not Please P.20 Warming about seconds. the to steady (Not Warming-up Please
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You Not operating flashing Warning P.10 P.54 Cause/Remedy Condition The off and about without operating the the and outlet clear and that the the back the to its Press the about passed, the and the following: the or the to back If the dirty, should cleaned. High internal (overheating) P.56 that the and cover securely If the or cover securely the from the the and that If the If the please or the the "International Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty (You to the the and the the or the to back the replaced). the switch P.10 P.54 the which and the and outlet clear. (This the too high automatically.) High-speed cooling Clean the Stop the the from the outlet and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You If with the please to the section If follow the and to the please using the the If which this please or the the from the outlet and repairs from or the "International Warranty "International Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the the
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You of the P.49 the appear (Nothing displayed) P.45 The off the pressed) P.52 tinted or tinted red/purple P.50 The P.52 sound heard P.51 P.51 interference P.48 appear displayed P.46 appear displayed P.46 appear (Nothing displayed) appear the P.48 of P.47 The lights this operations the or the P.38 or the switched off and the cool-down the the turned off and then straight back P.35 the correctly? Quality" "Brightness") displayed, including completely the completely "Turning the P.20 the P.41 of the "A/V P.28 A/V activated? the option to "ON" the to the input. information. P.38 input?
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You the and of the to the with from the "Supported P.66 of the the which to the from the appear appear "Not supported" using or PC with in-built the selected the "Connecting to Computer" P.12 "Connecting to P.18 the connected properly? selected. the the [Computer] or Press the [Source] the the input the "Selecting the Source" P.26 the input properly selected? P.12 "Turning the P.20 the the connected or switched
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You Suspect If the to Quality" "Tracking", Quality" If the correctly pressing the P.35 "OFF", the the to these and the function, the manually their P.38 correctly? the Tracking and of or connected, the the input the or connected, the the the the correct? of of The The whole of the The the within this P.10 the the from the P.10 the right to the the to appear the the which to approximately hour If the of the and this the off the and the to If the from to the If the too the of vertically. the front that the too the the P.24 "Cleaning the P.53 the dirty? "Turning the P.20 the cover the P.23 the correctly
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You the tracking the Quality" "Tracking") P.35 the Tracking appear the interference If the to If the correctly the and the function, the "OFF", the the to these manually their respective Quality" P.35 correctly? the Tracking and or connected, the the input the or connected, the the the the correct? this to further the that the that with the selected? If interference the Confirm that shielded used? P.66 "Connecting to Computer" P.12, "Connecting to P.18 the connected correctly?
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You Suspect the that the the whole of the or the to only. or with LCD the the of the connected the about the off the to of the the To the whole of the the the further If activated the of the the Press the [Aspect] to the aspect ratio to "Projecting aspect P.29 the aspect ratio correctly? "Selecting the Source" P.26 this Please to further the that the that with P.66 the selected? Press the the to "E- P.30 the function to the the to correctly the P.38 the correctly?
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You or as appear red/purplish. Please the the the If and "Computer" as the the the appear If connected and P.35 the correct? tinted or tinted red/purple the and the become the when this the P.56 the P.35 P.35 the correctly? Quality" correctly? the Quality" "Connecting to Computer" P.12 "Connecting to P.18 the connected correctly? P.35 P.35 the and correctly? Quality" "Saturation", "Tint") the correctly? Quality" "Brightness") exactly match those displayed the or LCD this and the of connecting to
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You the and the become the when this the P.56 the P.35 P.35 the brightness correctly? Quality" "Brightness") correctly? the Quality" "Contrast") Press the [A/V the to A/V The A/V A/V activated? "A/V P.28 sound heard sound from P.14 sound from P.19 the connected correctly? P.38 the turned to the
EMP-S1 Troubleshooting You the Remote P.9 the sunlight or light from receiver? The The operating the the too from the and approximately vertically. The operating the approximately P.9 P.9 facing the the the the Remote P.55 the correctly? the using the Remote P.9 the the This that the the turned off. The switch off when the from the The the pressed, the cool-down this, the to steady and then the from the Cool-down about seconds. The cooling The turn off the pressed)
EMP-S1 commercially-available blower, or cleaning to Cleaning the the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty proceeding. Appendices You should the becomes or the to Clean the it with cloth. Cleaning the Cleaning the easily the with or the to shocks. containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the If the dirty, the cloth with this, the another with cloth. such as or thinner to clean the These the to and the coating off.
EMP-S1 Appendices the to the If the becomes with overheating and Cleaning the from the the If the to or it should with the please the the replaced.
EMP-S1 Appendices Press the clicks. C the (Remote Remote battery: CR2025 lithium the Please of with from to the of If the battery, immediately. While the catch of the the the the of the the to the and the that the the
EMP-S1 Appendices the with or cool-down finished the to cool enough. further If the yourself, the cover. It further hour the the cooled sufficiently to of the It to the when the Warning flashes It to the when the appears the of the the of and seconds. the and the to cool Turn off the and the cool-down to seconds) hour) The appear about of purchased this displayed, please the as The to the displayed. It that operating the ready this as the the cover and the the cover. to
EMP-S1 Appendices First the and then the the cover. clicks C the fixing screws holding the the should when the replaced. the securely. If the cover the New included with The the or the cover off as The the to the correctly. operating of properly with P.56 Press the clicks then tighten the fixing the screws.
EMP-S1 C the buttons to then the Therefore, the counter to from the displayed when the operating reaches The built-in counter which of the operating and the warning to the operating the with the operating Please the operating when the displayed correctly. The operating Turn the and the Select from the the buttons.
EMP-S1 Appendices First the and then the the cover. clicks the when the the mounted to Turn off the the cool-down to then the Cool-down about seconds. the the and the to of properly with the and the Please there the and the C the with
EMP-S1 The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without Optional to the with the ELPST11 Optional and ELPST09 as ELPAF03 as ELPLP25 which easily. aspect ELPSC06 type aspect ELPSC07 to the to VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 ELPSC10 ELPSC08 these the too VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 to the to ELPKC27 when the to with 5BNC VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC11 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 Used to ELPAP01 ELPKC19
EMP-S1 Optional when the to mount* ELPMB11 when the to high or with ELPFP04 when OHP and ELPDC02 ELPDC04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 ELPFC03 of to the from the Please this
EMP-S1 cooling If cool-down interrupted, heat from the the The to that or the to the off. shortening the of the and causing when the the from Cool-down the whilst Cool-down Complex this or the of the further please reference Normal which whereas which and which aspect ratio of The aspect ratio The ratio and its height. Aspect ratio The of which light. the high, to bluish when the to type of to input 5BNC scanning Interlaced reception and playback (or High-Definition to high which the of or or aspect ratio of following HDTV brightness and information separated, of three and and TV (HDTV), to which to high- type of which the which displayed from to scanning, whereby and right and then from top to This of Each numbered alternately, Interlaced scanning. Interlaced and the combined within the SECAM) which the and information together. consists of the The (NTSC, PAL, The of the light and of increased or to and graphics or appear this property of of whereby the from from top to to
EMP-S1 Appendices which type of with of IBM computers. SVGA The light-emitting of the The of refresh operations to refresh the light- and this reason, the the "refresh and Refresh Rate and the match. "synchronisation". If the (the of the and troughs the The of the phases of these the The from and interference such as (Synchronisation) and information separated, to It to which of and C type of which the This function to that that they the than or than the whole of the and the match. the (the of the The from If tracking correctly, appear the The of matching the of these Tracking the High-Definition It to which Definition SDTV consisting of with through to the with the Security that commercially-available theft-prevention to or This Security which type of with of IBM computers. VGA The of and recording them software as with the to their formulated that which operating (OS) and the international that easily which type of with of IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA
EMP-S1 The the from the and the (NTSC) TV The The from the and The the high-definition TV (HDTV) the
EMP-S1 Function grounding GND input type: RS-232C Connector type: Format ready DTR TD RD ready DSR <Computer> (PC <Computer>
EMP-S1 Supported Refresh Rate ratio Aspect (D4) Aspect ratio Refresh Rate VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA (D3) XGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" It to which the functions with such ratio Aspect TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) Aspect ratio Refresh Rate SDTV HDTV SDTV the VGA HDTV
EMP-S1 LCD EMP-S1 Product 370(W) 106(H) including Specifications IEC60950 Edition, The Directive (73/23/EEC) Community (200-240VAC) CSA C22.2 (100-120VAC) UL1950 Edition USA (100-120VAC) SVGA (800(W) Polysilicon TFT active inches IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, Community (200-240VAC) The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 EN55022, Class IEC61000-4-5, EN55024, FCC 47CFR Class (100-120VAC) USA (100-120VAC) ICES-003 Class EMC 100-120VAC 2.7A 200-240VAC 1.3A supply -10C to +60C (14-140F) +5C to +35C (41-95F) UHP 132W, (light 1W CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997, Class Australia/New (200-240VAC) RCA 2(L,R) DIN RCA Computer/Component (RS-232C) Connectors ICs this
EMP-S1 3-M4 of of Appearance from of to mount