Specifications cover D4 Source buttons (switches input lights foot VGA) (RS-232C) USB AC (displays on-screen Aspect (switches aspect button correction buttons of of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) active with of LCD inches F=2.1 to to ratio cover Brightness ANSI or ratio to inches to to to aspect ratio correction upward, and right or other UHE High Efficiency) hours or hours other V13H010L28 Remote AA Battery Height inches inches inches
Rated to V: to V: to to C) (non-condensing) to to C) to RH, to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN You to four of to the the to the below included): Supported RCA TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) A* (with RCA VGA right) Select or as the the You to the This DC to or the automatically. To to to the USB USB included). to software first instructions). TV (SDTV and HDTV) TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, as as the and below. Format Aspect ratio SDTV HDTV If from the refresh thats with of the following The of allow to correctly. Format Refresh VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 the and to the when selected as the Aspect other to the the Aspect Choose from these Normal TV broadcasts, or aspect recorded recordings (anamorphic) Through than and to its without to the Through recorded than and to its
Aspect the which the displays the currently active as below. TV Format NTSC PAL or SECAM as Format SDTV HDTV received as RGB Format SDTV HDTV RGB) Format VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Aspect Aspect Aspect Aspect
Positioning the You the these Rear from rear or overhead the selecting the Projection option and The of the the from the to the the and other the Projection inches inches) inches inches) feet inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) the and height its the top and of the Then the to the If the or below to or to the the this Rear/Ceiling (or the of the the function If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the farther to the or right than the of the or to (or To to the the the the then Cross-hatching You the to Turning the On and the to the and grounded Press the On the or the the The about to If to its Turning the To off the the the (or the cool about seconds while the light flashes. Once the light flashing and the Turn the off when Continuous reduce its life. the without the and cool, or and reduce life.
the You the to the from once and to from using the without Press the the the buttons to the then the Operation and Choose from these options: to the from to the from Child to to turn the from the operation of the To the the or and the least seconds. to the buttons the Once the turned these to the Selecting the Source If the the Source the that to the to which connected. To the connected to the the If selecting the the troubleshooting You the Source the Focusing and the To the sharpness or of the Press the or the or You this the arrow buttons to the If the to the while focusing the This the precisely. Press ESC when Inverting and Mirroring the If the or backwards, the Projection function to Press the the the buttons to the then the and Projection Choose from these the located front of the the located front of the and mounted overhead. Rear the located the Rear/Ceiling the located the and mounted overhead. Selecting the If using the the the type of connected to Press the the the buttons to the then the and Choose from these options: that NTSC that HDTV RGB
Performing Correction If the or the function to its If the or the off to the of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the To correction: Press the the the to the then the and the arrow buttons to the of the Press the when Choosing the Aspect Ratio If the the the the aspect ratio the Aspect the the using Normal using Choosing the You the to the brightness, and the lighting Select the to with each Press the the Then choose from these bright their with their increases and tones appear Theatre with that to the You the and other the or the software. the Lights If isnt correctly, first off, the light to steady and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the They to light Warning light Light Action off the connected securely both then the to the If the the cover securely The You to off or the to flashing The about seconds to appear. The operating normally. flashing turned off the and cooling the light flashing, then the (or the to back the when the light flashing flashing High-speed cooling If the too off automatically. nothing the If to overheat, the instructions. The too and the turned off. then the nothing the If to overheat, clean the instructions. flashing half- flashing The to replaced. instructions. If the the securely. there with the Turn off, the light to flashing, then the from the outlet and
Troubleshooting You the the connected, then the light to the If the the the to turn the If the Child the or and the the least seconds to turn appears the or the displayed. Press the Source the or of the Source buttons the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light flashing, and the cover off. The If the light the to the back turned connected correctly. the from and appears the the from If as below. If Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to the If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If with OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this isnt another Click the of the One of the top of the other. Click If using with OS or From the Apple then or and Sound Click the and then top of the other. Click top of the other
If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the (Allow seconds the to The or reversed. the the of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option the to the top or section of the that the Scaling the to correctly. the the to the the If connected and the the turned off. The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the to the function to its the and buttons the You to the function to the the or and height the top and of the Then the to the This the The or the correctly connected If and or turn the the securely connected both If using interference amplifier. turning Reduction the If the and turning off LCD The blurry. the correctly There the Gently the lens-cleaning the the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and the The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the and the as the the with the as the You to each individually If the to the
that to the of the and to the instructions and the to Remote Operations You to the the aspect or the offjust as from the then the Remote Click of the buttons the options shown Select Remote Turn off the the the aspect ratio the Quality You of the to the Click the Quality Quality Then of these to Click of the buttons shown to these the these Brightness Sharpness and Tone section) Scaling
the You the to the of the Select Quality then of Select of the following then RGB the and each to intermediate shades, and the lightest shades. RGBCMY the and each of as shown the below. Apply the (red, yellow) and Recalling Once the to the memory. Then the (or to them You or memory the Quality then Memory Click of the following: Select to memory the to memory to the of existing the the these to select, or memory Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the Turn off the and the light to the and Turn the Then and other office to the If the such as paintbrush. If the to or the or and V13H134A04 If to the release the and the cover. the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
the The to hours brightness or hours high brightness You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes half-second The the appears the when the selected and or the United States V13H010L28 Warning: the cool the that the and should to injury. The mercury. Please and regulations or recycling, and the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Turn off the and the light to flashing, then the cord. If the cool about the screws the (they the and then the cover. the screws the the as shown and straight the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover and its screws. (The the cover or the as the section. the to the the of hours it used. Press the the or the to the then highlight and the finished, the to The the least hours.
Optional the following optional Product (ELPLP28) V13H010L28 (ELPAF04) V13H134A04 mount ELPHB01 security ELPSL01 Projection 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch (includes ELPAP01 and ELPSV01 You purchase these from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Related CPD-17301 EPSON CPD- EPSON Service warranty CPD-17666 to instructions the There ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 SM SM