Entertainment Unpack the with the following items: A/V ESC Remote Carrying To the CD-ROM, the then the with If the and The as shown below. Each type of included). You to (including and the to switch them. the If than choose the that the quality. (The from lowest to highest and Computer/Component the right the to and the enough If than the to amplifier. everything off. to the RCA EPSON CD-ROM to VGA or VGA (included) Computer/ The Choose the theater If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the Advanced Follow the instructions the back of this to the and the The the and the the of the The below shows based where the from to inches Table temporary front Professional recommended. Choose from the Advanced Rear Choose from the Advanced Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear and from the Advanced Turn
the the that from the The ready and the cover. the to the and the other grounded The light Turn the other connected to the Press the the or The light flashes and the about seconds. If than the or the to the to If connected and projected, to the to output externally. instructions. instructions connecting to the CD-ROM. Turning off the finished the first off the Press the the or the the The light flashes as the cools the when the light or flashing EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed USA. Source buttons EPSON the If to the the foot and the front of the Release the buttons to the the If to straighten the or foot. the to the If or reversed, to the the Advanced Press the the and the to choose the Advanced Then the If connected, this Press the the and the to choose the to the option and to RGB. If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the the the corrected. (You this the the CD-ROM.) To the the the repeatedly to through the options. To the of first the EPSON to the Then, the the to the and the EPSON to ON the CD-ROM information about A/V If If or the or Not Supported the following: ESC the cover off. and connected securely. If the light the the or the the input selected. On the the or to the the Source the turning off or and restarting If active, the A/V the to If to the to the to the Troubleshooting the CD-ROM. A/V ESC CPD-14798