Unpack FPO Remote Pepper_QS_CPD20182.indd AM Choose location You about anywherein the or You with the subwoofer and or and the built-in without the The following three If that the about feet from The following shows the (measured to directly front of the to straight to the If the too too high, or off to the the to the section the back of this grounded or with and the the sound, the subwoofer and from the If with following the instructions included the the the the the instructions included with the subwoofer information. and the the subwoofer and NOTE from the Turn the switches and the Turn
Unpack Remote Pepper_QS_CPD20182.indd AM Choose location You about anywherein the or You with the and or and the built-in without the The following three If that the about from The following shows the (measured to directly front of the to straight to the FPO If the too too high, or off to the the to the section the back of this grounded or with and the the sound, the subwoofer and from the If with following the instructions included the the the the subwoofer. the instructions included with the information. and the the subwoofer and NOTE from the Turn the switches and the Turn
Choose location You about anywherein the or You with the and or and the built-in without the The following three If that the about from The following shows the (measured to directly front of the to straight to the If the too too high, or off to the the to the section the back of this grounded or with and the the sound, the and from the FPO Remote Unpack Pepper_QS_CPD20182.indd AM If with it following the instructions included the the the the subwoofer. the instructions included with the information. and the subwoofer. the subwoofer and NOTE from the Turn the switches and the Turn
Press the to the DVD the DVD and the If the automatically, the or the on/off the necessary. the If the too too high, or off to the the to its Left/right If the this or this facing straight to the You then the to the the to the of the Pepper_QS_CPD20182.indd AM the to the the Press to the DVD. Press to the and the DVD. the Press the to off the hear off the switch. Turn off the switch the subwoofer and from the cover when and the subwoofer. If the to troubleshooting appears the turned and warmed Turn the switch the front and then the the cover off. The off the the and to its section the than or the to the The or of the the section the the cover off. the from the than and farther than The the or right and facing straight to the The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. the batteries. Instructions features, including to TV, or TV Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through the Sound or charges apply. Services technical through services hours of Corporation. and of Inc. Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-20182 Printed XXX
Press the to the DVD the DVD and the If the or the automatically, the on/off the necessary. the If the too too high, or off to the the to its Left/right If the this or this facing straight to the You then the to the the to the of the Pepper_QS_CPD20182.indd AM the to the the Press to the DVD. Press to the and the DVD. the Press the to off the hear off the switch. Turn off the switch the and from the cover when and the If the to troubleshooting appears the turned and Turn the switch the front and then the the cover off. The off the the and to its section the than or the to the The or of the using the section the the cover off. the from the than and farther than The the or right and facing straight to the The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. the Instructions features, including to TV, or TV Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through the subwoofer: Sound or charges apply. Services technical through services hours of Corporation. and of Inc. Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-20182 Printed XXX
the to the the Press to the DVD. Press to the and the DVD. the to off the Press the hear off the switch. Turn off the switch the subwoofer and from the cover when and the Left/right Press the to the DVD the DVD and the If the or the automatically, the on/off the necessary. the If the too too high, or off to the the to its If the this or this facing straight to the You then the to the the to the of the Pepper_QS_CPD20182.indd AM If the to troubleshooting appears the turned and Turn the switch the front and then the the cover off. The off the the and to its section the than or the to the The or of the the section the the cover off. the from the than and farther than The the or right and facing straight to the The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. the Instructions features, including to TV, or TV Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through the Sound or charges apply. Services technical through services hours of Corporation. and of Inc. Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-20182 Printed XXX