Theater
Introduction The theater-quality 2D and 3D the relaxing of offers these features: Native ratio to and to of brightness (white light lighting Iris that constantly the light based the and black/white of perfectly and C TM 3LCD quality, increased ratio and unmatched with HDMI (High-Definition Interface wide-format with including front and mounted, with offset Introduction
cover Remote foot cover HDMI Remote USB (L-R) PC RS-232C Introduction
Mounting Brightness light Introduction Source light buttons light buttons
Remote On HDMI and the HDMI function 2D/3D 2D and 3D selection to the Iris the Iris function or off 3D Format the 3D Format off Memory Accesses the memory Lights the buttons easy the function or off Source Switch connected to the HDMI buttons of button to match lighting the or off Aspect the aspect ratio RGBCMY the int the Temporarily or the Introduction
On Turns Source buttons Switch connected to the HDMI and the HDMI function 2D/3D 2D and 3D buttons selection to the Iris the Iris function or off Memory Accesses the memory Introduction off WirelessHD Lights the buttons easy the function or off HDMI buttons of to match lighting the or off Aspect Changes the aspect ratio RGBCMY the the Temporarily or the
WirelessHD light light light HDMI input HDMI AC switch of 3D charging Introduction
Optional the following optional the Product V12H010L68 V13H134A38 security (anti-theft ELPSL01 mount CHF1000 V12H005C02 RF 3D Active V12H548006 ELPSP10 VGA SVGA F3H982-06 HDMI AV22300-03 to the and 2-year service You purchase these and other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty with two-year carry-in warranty the one-year 3D warranty, and warranty the the or warranty offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or Service To follow the instructions the CD, or epson.com/webreg products, and service. Introduction
This This the information to the to basic and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the Warning: to to to information about helpful of services hours (U.S.) or this to or information and If the service Introduction
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choose Location You the the shown below, as as the
the and height its with the top or the of the and If this isnt the and buttons to the reduced correction used. the correction. The of the the from the to the and the the these as aspect ratio height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to from of to of the
aspect ratio height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to To the when know the (or the when know the the This the (U.S.) or these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded or cord. the
to 3D correctly, 3D within of the the below to the 3D (the the 3D the To the first to the location, based the of the as to positioning the To the from the optional mount the information. Follow the instructions included with the mount to the Warning: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the If the the to the that appears right Follow these Press the the the then Projection Select Press the to the the
The following the of the the of
Connecting the Connecting and You the to of such as /DVD or or You to or PC or Apple To the interface cover and to the back of the only), the the the of the cover and upwards. the cover from the then the cover straight to If the the of the cover, such as coin, to the cover. To the cover, the the top of the the then the of the cover the
You to of directly to the the of the shown below: information connecting with WirelessHD only). HDMI High HDMI HDMI (with PC to to RGB RCA and to the HDMI If HDMI, to the high or the the to the three Match the and the RCA RCA to
HDMI to the recommended that with the included Follow these to the the HDMI to of the HDMI the the of the anchor the the HDMI as below. the around the HDMI the the and the the HDMI To the the and the HDMI Then the of the anchor and it of the the
Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded To AV with the to the RS-232C To to or the USB that with to both and to the USB information using the Slideshow the
the Remote The AA batteries. Warning: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the the cover and clicks the the or the front or back of the within of the If the the If the buttons the or the Charging the 3D If RF 3D Active follow these to the USB the the of the the
of the following: the other of the USB the USB to AC only), then the to the other of the USB the 3D charging the of the WirelessHD only). the other of the USB the USB-A the back of the The to the 3D through the USB the
the other of the USB or other with USB the of the RF 3D active with or other Turning the On and Turning On the the Turn connected to Press the On the or the the To from turning the the Child If the High the properly cool the the high The light flashes while the If to the as Remote the
Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the and the light to flashing. Turn off this when to the of the Selecting the Source The buttons the and switch from of connected to the (such as player, or or Press the Source the that to the to which connected. If the Source the of Press the Source to through the and the the
If appear, To temporarily off the and the the the Press the to to Positioning the If the front of the the buttons, and buttons to the of the the try to the that to correction. You to the the the Press the to turn off the The to with the or buttons: the
If of the than the other, the to the If necessary, the front that the that the top or necessary, the buttons the to this. to the the the to that the or right Press of the to the the buttons. The buttons the this active. the
Follow the instructions this to to the and further Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the
Choosing the Aspect Ratio resized to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the Select of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded and Normal expanding to the whole This stretches only the right and of the the unchanged. or from WirelessHD only), HDMI, or the aspect ratio selected the and If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect
3D To 3D first to of the HDMI You of or RF 3D active Turn and playback the Press the 2D/3D the necessary. the switch 3D to the On If the 3D to them with the the within of the then and the the 3D least seconds. The light the and red, then seconds
The light the 3D the of the Light Flashing The The Turn the 3D off and Flashing back to 3D The The charging Flashing and The to with the seconds, The paired with the or the then off turned off. 3D troubleshooting
You the to from to each other. You the using the or the The Screen with of the below to which HDMI1 HDMI2 WirelessHD PC the other and to both Also, cant when 3D Press the the You cant when USB the active The currently selected input to the of the HDMI1 HDMI2 WirelessHD PC
Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary. To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the To the the or
Starting Slideshow connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow options or highlighting Option the of the and Choosing Slideshow information. Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or only the screen
While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or the or right arrow button. To the follow the instructions or the Choosing Slideshow You these options when the Slideshow highlighting Option the of the Slideshow and You this Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Continuous On continuously Sorts last-to-first through
Switching the with Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the HDMI to the with the closed, and the PC to with the the to then the the Choose from these automatically-optimized based the lighting Selecting the Rear or the the brightest the 3D the brightest 3D when the 3D to Seconds the selected and switches to the with of
3D 3D when the 3D Advanced To further the and quality, the and RGBCMY tones using the RGBCMY the You these and other and the You of with the Memory easy If the selected the to the factory
the You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. to The the the the these affects which as bright areas. Press the Select from the Select Advanced and then You the following displayed the of the following: Select of the correction using the or the and the You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Press the to Select Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow buttons to the to the of to then The appears with the selected Press the or to and then to and Select from the the appears, the or to the the that to and then the or to the Press to and Press the to the when
RGBCMY this to the and brightness each of the (R), (G), (B), (C), (M), and (Y) when selected as the Press the RBGCMY You the following the the or the to the to and the the or Brightness that and the or to the Press to another or RGBCMY to You the offset and the RGB the the The includes to the from once and to from turning the without
To the follow these Press the the and the OK Select and the OK Choose from these options: Child to the the about seconds. the to the to from reach. to the buttons the the appears the whenever with turned To the the To and the the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the buttons locked. If the Child turn off the and cool The Child the cool-down
You the to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the buttons the You the or that selected You the and the To the the the or You this options You to the of the or other Press the or to highlight option Memory Info or then the to Press the or to highlight then the Press the or to as necessary. You to the to choice. the highlighted
finished, the to to the previous or the to the To of the the You this the of the Press the or to the Press the or to the when displayed, the to the to its factory the these options to the Select from to the the arrow buttons to choose the the Select the
the Quality the these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input HDMI, PC) and the input switch to the other input and Brightness If the from connected and appear the Brightness and You and each and The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other this section the the light and of the If to these Brightness Brightness the brightness brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the brightness or this reduces and and to the of the This the bright and areas. Iris Iris this the light to the brightness of the Select Normal or High to would the to to the brightness of the The each and
Advanced This when NTSC input through the or when input through the This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and the United States, this to of the White Advanced White This only when the input through the HDMI or HDMI with the to or If bright of the washed or overexposed (when the input IRE), turn this to HDMI Advanced HDMI This only when HDMI or HDMI selected as the This when White to On If HDMI and connected to the HDMI the of the to match that of the This the light from the On Normal the brighter and the To and the of the ECO
Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following The Advanced with input through the PC Choose Thin-Line to such as and clothing. Choose Thick-Line to and backgrounds. Choose to increase sharpness. Choose to increase sharpness. Converts to The 3D HD Processing the that Select with to when with amount of This when or or or input through the HDMI or HDMI Motion Detection Motion Detection This to Select slow-moving or or higher
This when or or or input through the HDMI or HDMI Reduction Advanced Reduction This with input through the PC This reduces of You from of reduction. This the of the You from of that intentionally of the such as out-of-focus backgrounds, become If the correct, them using these the first three below to the If only to the with the each and This with input through the PC the of the This with input through the PC the and the and the appear warmer or cooler.
Tone Tone to the and the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted. RGB Advanced RGB the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest RGBCMY Advanced RGBCMY the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, yellow). each to to another option. You this pressing the RGBCMY the information. Advanced You from to or from or increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. information.
3D this to 3D brightness, the 3D and other 3D You should the 3D Format and 3D 3D correctly. these with 3D 3D 3D 3D or 3D You this the 2D/3D the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D 2D-to-3D Conversion this to 2D from HDMI or WirelessHD only) 3D 3D Format 3D 3D Format this to the 3D the correctly the 3D when this option to You should the 2D or Top and when properly 3D information which to select. 3D 3D 3D the of the 3D the or to increase the appearance of the 3D 3D Brightness 3D 3D Brightness the of 3D Select the or High the 3D too 3D Match this to the of the 3D to the 3D and the of the
3D 3D 3D the the and right the 3D active this function the or 3D correctly. 3D Notice 3D 3D Notice or the that when 3D activated. to the previously, the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the when the of (such as text white background). the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first.
only) these options to the WirelessHD and the WirelessHD reception WirelessHD Select this option to of WirelessHD the arrow to the and to WirelessHD WirelessHD WirelessHD or the WirelessHD Reception WirelessHD Reception this option to the WirelessHD reception WirelessHD this option to WirelessHD and them to their
Screen Press the while Screen to this Screen the of the Choose to increase the of the Right to increase the of the right or to the the the and of each input, the appear to of when the option selected. Source Source Select this option to the Source and which should displayed The and Right the and right the arrow the to highlight or Right the to Press the to option. Once finished selections both to the Source and apply these combinations of cant selected. input Select this option to switch the the and right of the
Source Source this to which to hear while Select to hear from the or the the the Selecting Memory and the with memory locations that there memory locations where other to the each of inputs. Creating Memory Memory to of the and them to memory, the to the Press the Memory the Memory Select the memory to then the to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Selecting Memory You easily the memory using the Memory the 3D and to 3D Press the Memory the Select Memory
the arrow to the then the the appears the the applied, the input Memory You memory that they to Press the Memory the Select Memory Select the memory to then the The selection displayed. of the following: To from the displayed the and the To and the to the the arrow to character, then the selected of the characters and the Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the then Memory Select then the to the memory You memory with the Memory the Memory
the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the of the following: Select to clear the and to You should the when information. Memory to clear memory to to their and and
the this section to the and on-screen and options. of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Advanced This option the connected to the and HDMI this the of the that normally the If interference when to the as below. The when the input HDMI1, HDMI2, or WirelessHD. This with input through the HDMI or HMDI or the WirelessHD only). the arrow to the of the the Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information. or through the HDMI or the aspect ratio selected the and If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect
Caption Caption the and of the that the Aspect to the Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or Turn this off to the from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Other You options the Rear Rear/Ceiling the option when the to Select to the option.
Direct On Direct On to without the the or the On the Direct On that the to this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of to the to the the or or to manually Turn off this to the lights the and light. this the lights distracting Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the the To the back the the or the On the Child Child the the to child to the information.
the buttons the to the from once it information. High High the of the properly the higher Turn this the of or higher. The operating
WirelessHD You the included WirelessHD only) to wirelessly HD from to the the WirelessHD the WirelessHD that the lights the front of the the within of the and located the The wireless the and of surrounding the with or and the as this with the There clear the and the below to the the WirelessHD (the the WirelessHD WirelessHD
Connecting the WirelessHD To to with the WirelessHD the follow these Follow the instructions the and the within of the the AC the and HDMI to and the HDMI the and back of the WirelessHD You to input to the To the WirelessHD as pass-through to or other HDMI to the and the HDMI the back of the WirelessHD
WirelessHD Follow these to WirelessHD Turn the switch the of the Turn and playback. Turn the Press the WirelessHD the If the WirelessHD the the of the then The light the should light and should WirelessHD If WirelessHD Only) Switching WirelessHD Sources If connected input or follow these to switch Press the the or the WirelessHD WirelessHD Remote WirelessHD
to the the WirelessHD The displayed: Press the repeatedly to highlight input highlighted the to switch to, the The switch to the selected seconds. WirelessHD
If connected or other to the the and to switch wired and wireless the the or The light the light when the wireless active. If connected to the WirelessHD the to wirelessly from the the to from then follow these Press the the to the following to the Press the the or the WirelessHD to the the sub-screen. the to through of the connected Press the to the of the sub-screen. The counter-clockwise from to each the pressed. WirelessHD WirelessHD Remote
Press and the the to switch the shown the and the sub-screen. finished the the to the sub-screen and WirelessHD
HDMI HDMI to the with HDMI them using the HDMI buttons the This to commonly typical DVD to the through or theater the to the HDMI CEC the HDMI buttons to the DVD as as the DVD conforms to the HDMI CEC HDMI CEC functions the connected and with the HDMI CEC HDMI To to with the HDMI buttons, follow these Press the HDMI the Select HDMI and to On Press the HDMI to the HDMI HDMI HDMI Amplifier DVD
connected their HDMI functions to the HDMI Press the HDMI the Select You this WirelessHD only the the and arrow buttons to the to then Devices type AV or and the Once the selected, the HDMI buttons the to You the On and buttons, arrow buttons, and Commonly functions include turning the when the and operating the HDMI allows and other to turned and off together: If connected the and switches to the input If the connected such as and DVD turned If connected, the turned off the the connected turned off. this to the CEC function of the connected HDMI
to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: clean of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the blower that to from the To or smears, cloth or If necessary, the cloth with and the the with only cleaning that cleaning optics.
Cleaning the 3D lint-free cloth towels) to the 3D whenever or the the 3D with Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or information. to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Follow the below to Press the the or the the and the light to flashing. The cools the cord. straight the to the as shown.
Gently both of the four or to from the force when the or crack and become the or or to as the that and other office to from the of the If clean the (such as paintbrush). If the to or the You purchase V13H134A38 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the as shown. the back
the The to hours Normal You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light flashes or half-second The the appears the when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You purchase V12H010L68 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Warning: the cool (about hour) the that the and should to injury. the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the If the the the or the the and the light to flashing. the and about hour to the the screw the cover.
the cover as shown. the screws the (they the the and the of the Warning: The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the the and the the screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the cover or Tighten the cover screw. the as
the the the back and the the or the On the Then follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and the finished, the to The shows 0H the least Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the buttons to the Info The following information appears: 3D Format Source Info Scan information) Refresh Rate The information displayed the currently selected The shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected
the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the cover and the the from the the its or Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the that become the the of and that the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the and 3D the and when If the isnt correctly, first the the cool and the cord. Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the If the and light they turned off the Lights indicating Light and lights off The turned off. If necessary, the cord. The Press the the or the On the to turn light off
Lights indicating Light and light flashes and light Lights indicating Light and lights off The the connected securely both The light flashes The The too which off the automatically. light Clean or the Also, there of around the The light The to replaced. flashes The light There with the If the flashes the and its cover securely Turn off the and from the the to cool. then the and cracks. If the isnt cracked, the and the If this the or the cracked, The the to appear. The cooling the light flashing and off. Then the or the the or the On the to turn back High-speed cooling If the further, automatically. Clean or the Also, there of around the If using the High the cool the properly If the High the cool the properly
Lights indicating Light and The There or Turn off the and light flashes from the Then Both warning lights flashing You the the connected. Then the to light the the or the On the If the the buttons the to the If the Child to the the seconds to the or the appears the or the displayed. Press of the Source buttons the or the Source the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the A/V the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light and flashing, and the cover off. The (or If the and the light off, the to the back correctly There internal Turn off the and from the Then
3D or correctly. Press the 2D/3D the to switch to 3D necessary. that within the 3D that the 3D and paired with the that and both to the that with information. Press the the the then 3D then 3D Format that the option selected. that the 3D option to If connected to the WirelessHD only), that 3D the switch the 3D the then back to the On of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect the to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the to correctly the to the the If connected and only the the turned off. If of the off, the If connected with the WirelessHD only), within the wireless using and appears the If using
Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If using OS X: the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or the checkbox. The or reversed. the the The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the or then the buttons to the The or the correctly connected If and or the
securely connected both If interference the shielded. You to If the and try turning off LCD The the correctly There the Clean the as the the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to that connected securely. the brightness and the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service
Remote The to commands. within about of the and the the front or back within the shown below. You to the Press the and the buttons If they the the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. there the and the IR receiver.
WirelessHD Only) The from the WirelessHD the WirelessHD reception and the of the WirelessHD If the to the to the or located the and the that connected to the WirelessHD SeeWirelessHD only) information. You to the WirelessHD Turn off both the WirelessHD and the playback then the WirelessHD and the seconds, then the the back of the the WirelessHD as this with the If the and lights the flashing, the overheating. the the back of the and that the F C). WirelessHD displayed, the The and based the of the WirelessHD the WirelessHD reception and the of the necessary.
Where to technical hours (U.S.) or troubleshooting information, and technical through to To the service, This the of to and free. This service AM to PM Monday through the of warranty You with (US) or AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product or Product (located the of the or the Info connected to of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.51 to Brightness Normal White light to (ISO light to ratio 2D: to to inches to Projection to to ratio to Aspect ratio to sound Normal selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL Specifications ECO White light to 3D: to ECO
hours (Normal hours (ECO V12H010L68 Remote AA WirelessHD only) AC DC WirelessHD Conforms to WirelessHD to F to C) Copyright protection HDCP inches Approx. Connectors HDMI HDMI USB inches including inches inches including Width: inches Depth: inches Specifications
Rated AC supply to 120V AC: to 240V AC: to 120V AC: (Normal (ECO (with HDMI to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, to feet High the United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX this Specifications to AC: (Normal (ECO (with HDMI
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the incoming It these as or videowhich through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and The PC RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following Refresh Format NTSC PAL SECAM Refresh SDTV HDTV Specifications
RGB Refresh VGA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA HDMI Refresh VGA SDTV HDTV Specifications
3D Refresh HDTV 3D Format Refresh 3D Format HDTV ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the (U.S.) or Top and Top and Specifications
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the turned the bright light children the when If or the following or other from 3D immediately and health or twitching, of awareness, involuntary strain, headaches, or blurry/double that than seconds. activity (such as vehicle or operating machinery) completely If the and 3D without with health physician. or when to flashing or lights contained 3D who history of of awareness, to or family history of should health using the 3D function. It recommended that while 3D or 3D The least to every to of 3D *Based the issued the 3D The and of from to If should immediately the 3D or 3D the heath physician necessary. to the of 3D should or Children and to health associated with 3D and should closely to prolonged without Watching the while too of strain. to the 3D and Therefore, to or or wires, and that Notices
The following people should 3D People with history of People with heart People health People who People who physically People the influence of or who or flashing light SOME LIGHT PATTERNS MAY INDUCE SEIZURES IN PERSONS WITH NO PRIOR HISTORY OF EPILEPSY. cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from children to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the near or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Notices
Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Copyright Notice rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each user to and of copyright when using While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright Notices
EPSON, and C 1080Perfect and EPSON of Corporation. and and and EPSON service of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface of HDMI Licensing, LLC. WirelessHD of WirelessHD LLC. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-37712R1 Notices