EPSON Theater
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and EPSON service and and of Inc. and DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. CPD-17301 Copyright Notice
Introduction The EPSON theater-quality the relaxing of offers these features: and to incredibly TM TM to fast-moving appear clear and wide-format including front or and mounted, with to and and to the without to lighting and software and the and Warranty The EPSON with two-year carry-in warranty. who their EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or usually overnight Service brochure To the that with and to EPSON. products, and service.
Projection
Optional EPSON the following optional the Product (ELPLP28) V13H010L28 (ELPAF04) V13H134A04 mount ELPHB01 security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch (includes ELPAP01 and ELPSV01 You purchase of these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08
This This the information to the to and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the to injury. to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful More Information of services hours this to or information and to EPSON If the EPSON service. and the PIN the that with
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and and the Choosing Location You the as shown below. If the or overhead to and/or the selecting the Projection option overhead projection, to the optional mount information). to the height where its the top and of the That the and the to the This the If the or below to or to the the this the of the its using the function Rear/Ceiling Rear
If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the farther to the or right than the of the or to (or The of the the from the to the the and other the this as rough these considerations there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded or cord.
Connecting the You the to type of such as VCR, DVD HDTV or or You to or PC or Apple You to four of the as shown this RCA (with VGA Select or as the
or to these (D4 If to the to the or the properly Other the the and grounded The light the when the and (RS-232C) and USB to of these to the software. to this to of these
This outputs DC when the turned This whether the or off, and to or when the to as shown. and the or then the as If necessary, the to the If the connected the the and displays the If turn the first, or of connected to the manually. If appear, the troubleshooting Focusing and the To the sharpness or of the Press the or the or You this the arrow to the If the to the while focusing the This the precisely. Press SC when
Inverting and Mirroring the If the or backward, the Projection option: Press the the the buttons to the then the and then Choose from these the located front of the the located front of the and mounted overhead. Rear the located the Rear/Ceiling the located the and mounted overhead. Selecting the If the the the type of connected to Press the the the buttons to the then the and then Choose from these that NTSC that outputs HDTV RGB the to the which to
Positioning the If the the the and to its You to Press the the then Cross-hatching If to the height of the the the front of the and the the correctly. You the to the of the Performing Correction If the or the function to its If the or the off to the of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the To correction: Press the the the to the then the Screen and then the arrow buttons to the of the Press the when
Operation the as then follow the instructions below to and Turning On the the Press the On the or the the If this first using the as To from turning the the Child The about seconds to and If to the as the Turn the
Turning the To off the the the (or the the the cool while the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the Turn the off when reduce its life. the without the and cool, or the and reduce life. Selecting the Source The Source buttons switch from of connected to the (such as DVD or or If the the Source that to the to which connected. If the (located near the of the This lights the To temporarily off the and the (without turning off the the Press the to to
Choosing the Aspect Ratio and to when selected as the Aspect If to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the If connected to the or to the If the option (when the connected to the or to choose of these Normal TV broadcasts, or aspect recorded Normal using On to of these or recordings (or anamorphic) Through than and to its without to the Through recorded than and to its If the the of the off. You the Caption option to and the to the the when choose Aspect
Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the to usually and then the to the to then the the Choose from these bright their with lighting; their increases and tones appear Theatre with that to the You the and other the or the software You of
the The includes to the from once and to children from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the buttons to the then the and then Choose from these to the from to the from Child to to the from the of the To turn the the or and the least seconds. to the buttons the
You the on-screen to the quality, such as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or using the the With the of the this chapter. You the and choose from options that the Press the the or You to this (the the connected): options If connected to the options the arrow to highlight the option, then to as (You to to choice.) the to to the previous or the to highlighted
How the these options to the displays the Select from to the On-Screen the arrow buttons to choose the the Navigation On-Screen Navigation Select whether to the which which buttons to to choose options. On-Screen Select the Navigation
the Quality the these already selected the and as The to simplifying of the each input A, B). the input to switch to each input and Brightness and The Brightness light the and the other below the the light and of the the Brightness first, then the with the other as Brightness Quality Brightness the brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the or this reduces and and to the of the Advanced with the United States, to This the threshold which of the specifications to of the Quality the to the brightness of the Then the as If the and highlight (the first item the and the then choose the
White Level/Black Quality White Level/Black the White that the brightest of the washed Then the Black that shadow-level the of the If the White and Black highlight (the first item the and the then choose White the Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Quality Sharpness this function to and appear the Advanced this off when containing of such as and If or when (such as graphics or or when the to to Reduction Advanced Reduction this off, from with of Turning the interference and appear the to or
If the correct, them using these the first three below to the If to the with the You attaching PC or to the and using the software. Quality this to the of the (This Quality this to the and (This this to the and You the the the to on-screen Tone this to to the tint. the amount of or the useful correcting black-and-white they tinted. You the the the to RGB RGB the RGB to the of the You the and each (red, and to shades, intermediate shades, and the lightest shades.
to the the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Quality Tracking the tracking to to when the of (such as text white background). Quality the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first.
and Selections Once the them as using the Memory This easily them, and switch from of to another. You to of If necessary, the options to its factory-default You clear the or the Creating Memory the to as the memory. This the through the Aspect and and Press the the the then Memory: Select the memory to then the indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and the their You to the of the Once created or memory easily them: Press the Memory the If to advanced memory choose or to the type of to the arrow to the then the The Memory option created advanced memory using Select Memory to to the memory that used. the appears the selected
the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below to the the You the clear the memory or the to their Follow these Press the the the of the following: Select to clear the and to information). Select Memory to clear memory created as Select to to their the and memory and
the this section to the and on-screen and of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Scaling Advanced Scaling this the of the that normally the Select to and RGB and shown Normal displays to slightly reduced interference the top or of the Normal displays Position the arrow buttons to the of the the Caption Screen Caption the and of the that the aspect to to the of the and to the or
On-Screen Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or Background On-Screen Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Select (instead of Black or to the EPSON background. On-Screen Turn this off to the EPSON from appearing while the Other Screen Caption the of the the and right the or the Screen Projection Mirrors and/or the front, rear, and overhead
these the type of connected to the this the the affects through the or this to match the type of connected to the If necessary, the to match the D4 this to match the type of connected to the D4 COM COM Select the type of connected to PC or the software. Choose USB or RS-232C Turn this the to while the operating. You this to or automatically. Operation Turn off this the to the off when there the to and the of the Operation the and the buttons the or child that to the
You the software that with to each the individually. You the software to the of switch the aspect or Once the to easily them follow the instructions this section to the software and the to You or that these Microsoft SE, OS through OS NT or XP or MMX TM or G3, or 10MB RAM, 2MB 7MB RAM, 5MB XGA or and
the Software Follow these to the software: the CD-ROM Turn off software that then the and You this Click and follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. If USB to to to the USB as of the At the prompted only). Not shown
Connecting to the Follow these to to the to USB (included with or RS-232C You USB or Turn the the COM the type of using Select USB USB or RS-232C If New or New follow the instructions the screen to the EPSON USB already the software from the CD-ROM. If and follow the instructions first. If that the software testing,
To follow these the connected and turned as the Click EPSON and then Macintosh: From the Applications the and You this Select and the of the to then You this the and its as the following
Remote Operations You to the the aspect or the offjust as would from the Click the Select Remote Click of the buttons the options shown Turn off the the the aspect ratio
the Quality You of the to the Click the Quality Quality Then of these buttons to Click of the buttons shown to the referenced below using each reference Brightness Sharpness and Tone Scaling and
the You the to the of the If RGB as the the and each (red, and RGBCMY to the and each of Select Quality then of Select Quality Click of Select of the following then RGB: the and each to shades, intermediate shades, and the shades. RGBCMY: the and each of as shown the below. Apply the (red, Select the Click the
and Recalling Once the the memory. Then the (or to easily them To the Select Quality then Memory and choose Select Quality Click Memory On the the to to the using the RGBCMY Select or Select memory Click Select memory then to the memory. Click
To memory the Access the memory from the or as follows: Select Quality then Memory and choose Select Select Quality Click Memory Click the where the to or Select or Select the to Click Select Select the memory then Select appears the the selected Click Select
to memory and advanced), of You to or memory To or the then choose of the following: to the from to the from previously You directly the memory and the Read and buttons (shown the below). To memory the Quality then Memory and choose Click the where or the whose to change, then Memory Select or Select the whose to Click Memory to characters then OK To clear memory the Select Quality then Memory and choose Select the to then Memory and the
to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The only should the and If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and gently the the with Cleaning the clean the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
the The AA batteries. If they the to and the If the buttons the red, the as below. Warning: from If should immediately. Release the and the cover. the and the AA as shown. the cover.
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and Turn the Then and other office to clean the as shown. If the (such as paintbrush). If the to or the or EPSON and V13H134A04 If to the release the and the the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
the The to hours or hours high You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light flashes half-second The the appears the when selected, and or EPSON the United States V13H010L28 to the Information the Warning: the cool the that the and should to injury. The mercury. Please and regulations or recycling, and the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and If the cool about the screws the (they the and then the cover.
the screws the the as shown and straight Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover and its screws. (The the cover or the as the section. the the follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and the finished, the to The the least hours.
the If to the the following: the and of the within the recommended the to F to C] and to humidity). the and the the from the the its or Transporting the EPSON incurred The and If to follow these to the repairs, the If the the of and that the hand-carrying the the recessed the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights The lights top of the the and when If the isnt correctly, first turn off, cool, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the The light The or the to The light flashing The the to appear. The light flashing and cant the The cooling the light flashing, then the The light the connected securely both the outlet and the light Warning light
The light flashing High-speed cooling If the too automatically. there of around and the Clean or the The light red. The too which off the automatically. cool then turn back there of around and the Also, clean or the The light flashing The cover or off. securely There internal Turn off the and, when the light flashing, The light flashing half-second The to Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the buttons to the Info The following information appears: Source Refresh Rate Info The information the currently selected The Hours shows 0H the least hours.
You the the connected, then the light to the If the the buttons the to the If the Child the or and the the least seconds to turn appears the or the displayed. Press the Source the or of the Source the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light flashing, and the off. The (or If the light the to the back turned connected correctly using and appears the If PC: Press the function that Its with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the
the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If with OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this isnt another Click the of the One of the top of the other. If with OS or From the Apple then and Sound Click the and then top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the (Allow seconds the to Click Click top of the other
The or reversed. the the of the displayed, or the Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the Scaling to correctly the to the the If connected and the the turned off. The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the to the function to its the and buttons the You to the function to the as as the or and height the top and of the Then the to the This the The or the correctly connected If and or the securely connected both If interference amplifier. turning Reduction If the and turning off LCD
The the correctly There the Clean the as the the If the from of using the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the and the with the You to each individually If the to the the to the the to hours. Remote The to commands. within about of the and the from the than You to the the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater.
Where To EPSON technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the of the connected to of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.1 to to Brightness ANSI (Dynamic/Living ratio to inches to Projection to to ratio Aspect ratio (Dynamic/Living (Natural/Theatre/sRBG correction to UHE High Efficiency) hours (Dynamic/Living hours (Natural/Theatre/sRBG V13H010L28 Remote AA
Height inches inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and it to the It these as or videowhich through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and The SDTV and HDTV or RGB the RGB). Aspect Format ratio SDTV HDTV If from the refresh thats with of the below. The of allow to correctly. Format Refresh VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21
Aspect Ratio resized to the when the Aspect to If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as below. TV Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Format SDTV HDTV RGB Format SDTV HDTV Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Aspect Aspect Aspect
RGB) Format VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 Normal Through Through DNX TM ICs this Aspect
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and using the the when the turned the bright light the when the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing
Dont the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. This includes that mercury. Please and regulations or recycling, and the the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. Other that such as heater, the If the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations.
or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The exchanged or or repaired to the EPSON of quality, or, option, another of and or products the warranty of the covered this warranty, that each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers of the the United States and of this and This warranty cover other than This warranty apply to refurbished or products, and this warranty EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. warranties include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to you.This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write Inc., P.O. CA