Theater
rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. 1080Perfect and C and of Corporation. and and and and service of America, Inc. AMX, the AMX and Discovery of AMX. and the of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface of HDMI Licensing, LLC. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. THX and the THX of THX which rights of Corporation. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Copyright Notice CPD-28058
Introduction The theater-quality the relaxing of offers these features: Native ratio to the and to of (white light and light incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the light based the and black/white of perfectly and C 3LCD increased ratio and 1080Perfect HQV free of or artifacts with unmatched accuracy, with the built-in light expanded, and sophisticated tracking HDMI (High Definition Interface wide-format including front and mounted, with and offset including to lighting and of Introduction
cover foot AC switch LAN only) (front) PC (rear) only) HDMI cover (RS-232C) Introduction
cover release Mounting Optional cover the and Introduction lights Selects items or the buttons Source Switches the input the item
Remote buttons Turn or off up/down/left/right the the when Memory Iris the amount of light through the Aspect the aspect ratio RGBCMY the and each of to the Lights the easy Source buttons Switch connected to the HDMI buttons HDMI CEC buttons Selects items or the the item the lighting Smooths motion Temporarily or the Introduction
Optional the following optional the Product V13H010L66 V13H134A28 security (anti-theft ELPSL01 cover V12H003005 mount ELPHB800 Anamorphic ELPFALK Anamorphic ELPALK2 to the and 2-year service You purchase these and other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty with three-year carry-in warranty. offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or Service brochure To follow the instructions the CD, or www.epson.com/webreg products, and service. Introduction
This This the information to the to basic and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the Warning: to to to information about helpful of services hours www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or this to (Frequently or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choosing Location You the the shown below, as as the
Ideally, the and its the top and of the as shown below. If this the function to the of to the or nearly its height, and or right about one-half its If the off to the it straight (rather than the of the then the to the the to the hand, or the the function to the to from of to of using the
The of the the from the to the the these as aspect ratio to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to the
aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to To the when know the (or the when the the This the (U.S.) or these there of around the of the near the that heat. the within of grounded or cord. height) the
the To the first to the location, based the of the as to positioning the To the from the optional mount the information. Follow the instructions included with the mount to the Warning: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the If the the to invert the that appears right Follow these Press the the the then Projection Select Press the when If to AV with the to the of ESC/VP21 command the to or anamorphic the
The following the of the of the
Connecting the Connecting and You the to of such as /DVD or or You to or PC or Apple You to of the of the shown below: HDMI HDMI (with PC to to RGB RCA the HDMI with DVI DVI-D to HDMI the to the three Match the and the
to the HDMI If HDMI, to of the following (highest first): or to of these HDMI to the recommended that as shown with of the included Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded to of these the
The DC when the turned This whether the or off, and to or when the the it to anamorphic to the as shown. To AV with the to the RS-232C to the of ESC/VP21 the Remote The AA or batteries. Warning: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the the cover and clicks the the or the front or back of the within of the If the the If the buttons the the
Turning the On and Turning On the the Turn connected to Turn the switch the back of the Press the the or the On the To children from turning the the Child If the High the properly cool the the high The about seconds to and If to the as ON Remote the
Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the the to the off. Turn off this when to the of the reduce the of the You the to the once to off the If to the the light to flashing, then turn off the switch the back. You the off the switch without first turning off the and cool as or and reduce life. Selecting the Source The buttons the and switch from of to the (such as DVD or or Press the Source the that to the to which connected. the
If the the of Press the to through the and the If appear, To temporarily off the and the the the Press the to to Positioning the You to the the the Select then Press the to off the You the to isolate when If the the the function, as below, to its If the or the or Instead, the then the to the the If the or the off to of the and Instead, the straight then the to the the
To the the the then the arrow to the To the to the and arrow the to the and to the hand, or the the function to the The amount which the terms of the (H) and (V) as shown below: boundary that the to the both the and the when the shifted the amount, shifted of the height of the If the the than the other, the front that the the
Follow the instructions this chapter to to the and quality. further Focusing and To the the the then the and arrow buttons to the To the the button the then the and arrow buttons to reduce or the
Choosing the Aspect Ratio to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the of these the input Normal HDTV aspect or recorded aspect Normal HDTV using Normal recorded (using recorded stretched to the recorded the to the the aspect the top and from the option to the vertically. If Caption to the to to the whole This stretches only the right and of the the Anamorphic to that aspect ratio (such as when anamorphic from If this without anamorphic the the vertically the aspect to or the correctly If anamorphic with the to that or aspect ratio when the with anamorphic
Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the HDMI to the with the closed, and the PC to with the Select the to then the the Choose from these the brightest the THX the reproduction when through HDMI. The built-in when or Advanced To further the and quality, the and RGBCMY tones. (Not when selected as the
You these and other and using the You of with the Memory easy If the selected the to the factory the You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. to The the the the these affects which as bright areas. Press the then Advanced You the following the of the following: Select of the correction the or the and the You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Press the to Select Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow buttons to the to the of to then The appears with the selected Press the or to and then Select from the the appears, the or to the the that to and then the or to the Press to and
RGBCMY this to the and brightness each of the (R), (G), (B), (C), (M), and (Y) Press the RBGCMY You the following the the or the to the to and the Select the or Brightness that and the or to the Press to another or RGBCMY to You the offset and using the RGB the the The includes three to the from once and to from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the buttons to the then
Choose from these options: the and If to of these appears the Child to the the about seconds. (You the to off, however.) Since the to the to from reach. to the buttons the the appears the whenever with turned To and the the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the buttons locked. If turned the Child off the and The Child the cool-down If the Direct On turned the switch the to though the Child
You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the buttons the You the and the If the while displayed, the This the of Press to the reappear. To the the the or You this options You and connected to Press the or to highlight option then the to Press the or to highlight then the the highlighted
Press the or to as necessary. You to the to choice. finished, the to to the previous or the to the the these options to the Select from to the the arrow buttons to choose the the Select the the Quality the these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to that conditionsfor the selected. each input HDMI, PC) and the input switch to the other input using and
Brightness If the from connected and appear the Brightness and You brightness and each and The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other this section the the light and of the Brightness Brightness the brightness brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the brightness or This the bright and areas. Iris Iris this the light to the brightness of the Select Normal or High to would the to to the of the The each and Iris Iris the brightness of the the amount of light that through the You this the Iris the
Advanced This only when NTSC input through the or or when input through the This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and North this to of the EPSON White Advanced EPSON White This when input through the HDMI1 or HDMI2 and the to THX or If bright of the washed or overexposed (when the input IRE), this to HDMI Advanced HDMI This when EPSON White off and input through the HDMI or HDMI If HDMI and connected to the HDMI the of the to match that of the This the light from the On Normal the brighter and the To the of the and reduce ECO Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to
Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following The Advanced with input through the PC Thin to such as and clothing, or Thick to and backgrounds. You the sharpness of and that appear the Converts to The 3D HD Processing the to and graphics, and animation. Select such as with to appears with the This when or or or or input through the HDMI or HDMI Reduction Advanced Reduction This when the to or with input through the PC This reduces of You from of reduction.
NR Advanced NR This when the to or with input through the PC This reduces that appear around the of MPEG You from NR Advanced NR This when the to or with input through the PC This reduces that appear when MPEG that This the and then them to reduce and You from of You this the the If the correct, them these the first three below to the If to the with the each and If using DVD, and then the the Select of the options the to (R/G/B). This without holding while Press the when This when the to or with input through the PC the of the
This when the to or with input through the PC the and This when the to THX or the and the appear warmer or cooler. This when the to THX or to the and the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted. RGB Advanced RGB This when the to the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest shades.
RGBCMY Advanced RGBCMY This when the to the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, yellow). each to to another option. You this the RGBCMY the information. Advanced This when the to You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. Advanced This when the to THX the to the used. Select from the following HDTV, SMPTE-C, and EBU. Can to the and You from of that intentionally of the such as out-of-focus backgrounds, become You this the the
to the previously, the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the to It to the tracking when the of (such as text white background). the synchronization to blurriness. the properly first. Selecting Memory and the with memory locations where to the each of inputs. the and
Selecting Memory You easily the memory using the memory the Press the Memory the Select Memory or the arrow buttons to the then the the appears the the applied, the input of the mechanical of the to the Creating Memory Memory to of the and them to memory, the to the Press the Memory the Select Memory or Select the memory to then the to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Memory You memory that they to Press the Memory the Select Memory or the memory to then the The selection displayed. of the following: To from the displayed the and the
To and the to the the arrow buttons to character, then the selected of the characters and the Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the then Memory Select then the to the memory You memory with the Memory the Memory the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the and
of the following: Select to to their Memory, and Select Memory to clear memory Select to clear memory Select to clear the and to You should the when information. the this section to the and on-screen and of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Advanced this the of the that normally the If interference when to the as below. This with input through the HDMI or HMDI the arrow to the of the the Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information.
the of the when the aspect ratio to to this function. Caption Caption the of the that the aspect ratio to to this function. Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or Turn this off to the from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Confirmation Confirmation whether when the the to off the
Other Projection Projection You options the Rear Rear/Ceiling only) Select Communication On to and the when the Direct On Direct On to when the switch turned without the the or the Direct On restoration of the to this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of connected to the to the the or or to manually HDMI1 EQ HDMI2 EQ HDMI1 EQ or HDMI2 EQ If HDMI to higher to increase the to the incoming You each of the HDMI
Select to the to when the Anamorphic to anamorphic when the Anamorphic or aspect ratio selected. The and that its If this the the turn the Turn off this to the lights the and light. this the lights distracting Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the To the back the the or the the and If to of these appears the Child Child the the to child to turn the information.
the the the to the from once information. High High the of the properly cool the higher Turn this using the of or higher. Network You the to and the options below. Network Information Network Network information the You the and MAC whether the to DHCP, and the IP and assigned to the Network Select to to 16-character to the Select to to the when software. Select to to the when
Wired LAN Network Wired LAN Assigns to Select DHCP and to On assigns automatically. and the IP and You from to each field of the the IP and Gateway Address, or through the through or Network Turn Notification to about the of the Select SMTP to the IP SMTP You from to each field of the You or through Select to the the SMTP The You from to Select to to three where to You the of about which to notified. AMX Discovery Network AMX Discovery the connected to On to allow the to AMX Discovery. Select AMX
HDMI HDMI to the with HDMI them the HDMI buttons the This to commonly features typical DVD connected to the through or theater the to the HDMI CEC the HDMI to the DVD as as the DVD conforms to the HDMI CEC HDMI CEC the connected and with the HDMI CEC HDMI To to with the HDMI buttons, follow these Press the HDMI the Select HDMI and to On connected their HDMI to the HDMI DVD Amplifier HDMI HDMI
HDMI Press the HDMI the Select You this the and arrow to the to then Devices type AV or and the Once the selected, the HDMI the to You the buttons, arrow buttons, and Commonly functions include turning the when playback, the and operating the HDMI allows and other to turned and off together: If the and switches to the input If turn the connected such as and DVD turned If connected, the turned off the the turned off. this to the CEC function of the connected HDMI
the Network the to and from browser. This the remotely. You to with the Connecting the to Network to the LAN and to switch or router. Press the the the Network and Wired LAN Turn DHCP assigns automatically. and the IP and If to each to the the Network then the Network LAN
the with Once connected the to and This Microsoft and and OS and You to through without This and the turned If the turned off, to Communication On connected to the the IP the and You the If necessary, the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To the Remote option. Select the to the item to Once connected the to the to there with the Press the the the Network and Turn the IP SMTP You from to each field of the You or through the SMTP from to the Network
Choose field, the and the to You to three with the following information: EPSON the The of the the The IP of the affected information about the If appears the of the occurred. If appears, the You when the turned off to Communication On If the to the Network
to the clean. You to the to overheating. of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the blower that to from the To or smears, cloth or If necessary, the cloth with and the the with cleaning that cleaning optics.
Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If collects the as below. clogs and overheating and to the If the the the or the the the to cool and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the the and Press the cover release and then the cover. release
the the and as shown. Gently both of the four or to from the the too This to or that and other office to from the of the If the (such as paintbrush). If the to or the You purchase V13H134A28 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the as shown. the cover the as shown and pressing the cover the clicks
the The to hours. You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light flashes half-second The the appears the when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You purchase V13H010L66 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Warning: the cool (about hour) the that the and should to injury. the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the If the the the or the the the to cool and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the the and about hour to the light
the screwdriver that with the (or to the screw the cover. Then the cover as shown. the screws the (they the the as shown and straight Warning: The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover and tighten the screw. (The the cover or the as
the the the back and the switch the back. Press the button the or the On the Then follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and the finished, the to The shows 0H the least hours. Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the to the Info The following information appears: Hours Info Source depth) information) Scan Refresh Rate The information the currently selected The shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected
the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the cover and the the from the the its or the incurred The and the repairs, the If the that become the the of and that the the the the function Transporting the with the off-center the try to the hand, or the the function to the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights the the and when If the isnt correctly, first off, and the cord. Then the back and the If this the the lights. Lights indicating Light and lights off The turned off or You the or light flashes The the to appear. light Projection If the and light light they turned off the and lights light
Lights indicating operation Light and light flashes The cooling the light flashing and Then the or it back Lights indicating Light and lights off The the switch the back of the turned and the connected securely both The light flashing and the flashing The light The light and flashing The light flashes Both lights flashing If the flashing only), the cool-down High-speed cooling If the further, automatically. there of around the Clean or the If the High the cool the properly The too which off the automatically. the cool then back there of around the Also, or the If the High the cool the properly The to If the to the The to replaced. If the the and its cover securely There with the or Turn off the switch the back of the and from the Then
Lights indicating Light and The light flashes You the the connected and the switch back of the Then the the or the On the If the Child to the seconds to the or the appears the or the displayed. Press of the Source buttons the or the the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light and flashing, and the cover off. The (or If necessary, the the or the On the connected correctly of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the and Caption options to the top or section of the that the to correctly There or Turn off the switch the back of the and from the Then
the to the the If connected and the the turned off. If of the off, the and appears the If using Press the function that Its with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click necessary. To the both and LCD the or (If this isnt another Click the of the One of the top of the other.
The or the the The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the function to the If the or the or The or the correctly connected If and or the securely connected both If using interference the shielded. You to or the HDMI EQ If the and turning off LCD The blurry. the correctly There the Clean the as the Click
the If the from of the Sharpness or If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the brightness and the with the If the the Iris as as the Brightness and You to the the to the the to the of its service The to commands. within about of the and the the front or back within the shown below. You to the Press the and the If they the batteries.
the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. there the and the IR receiver. Other You connected HDMI the conforms to the HDMI CEC its HDMI features. HDMI to the to to the If the recently or the the It to its CEC You or the only). the and To or the when turned off, or to to Communication On the outlet operates and turned off switch or Where to technical hours (U.S.) or troubleshooting information, and technical through
to To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product or Product (located the of the connected to of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.5 to Brightness White light (ISO light Normal) ratio to inches Projection to to ratio to Aspect ratio ECO) selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL to hours selected V13H010L66 Remote AA Specifications
Height inches including inches including Rated AC supply to AC, to AC, to V: to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, to High the Specifications Normal) ECO) (network only) (off): to V: Normal) ECO) only) (off):
United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX ICs this Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the incoming It these as or which through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and The PC RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following or Refresh Format NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM Format/ Refresh SDTV Specifications
Format/ Refresh HDTV RGB Refresh VGA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA SXGA UXGA WSXGA WUXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 Specifications
HDMI Refresh VGA SDTV HDTV Specifications
ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the www.epson.com/support Following of the Item Command ON/OFF ON PWR ON A/V ON/OFF ON MUTE ON A/V selection Black MSEL Source SOURCE PC HDB15 SOURCE HDMI HDMI SOURCE SOURCE HDMI HDMI SOURCE A0 CMODE Aspect Normal ASPECT Specifications OFF PWR OFF OFF MUTE OFF MSEL SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE 1F RGB SOURCE (RCA) SOURCE SOURCE CMODE 0C THX CMODE CMODE CMODE 0B ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT Anamorphic ASPECT ASPECT
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and using the the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from children to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. Notices
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Notices
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. United States WARNING Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: H417A/H359A Notices
Inc. Warranty Three-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States, or free from workmanship and of three years from the of purchase. This warranty to the and to the which warranty of from the of purchase. warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service the warranty please the the of this and to the and of purchase. its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. If the as of the warranty service, the the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States, or Twenty-four hours or other This warranty cover such as This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than or Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. freight charges choose to to If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED Notices
TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized please www.epson.com To the Customer please www.epson.com/support To the SM please PIN or the U.S. and or write to America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices