that the and correctly, the and the to to the or The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the to others and the of to property. Indications Notations Used This Indicates the of or to property this or Indicates the of death or serious this or Warning Information Indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure
who the Protect to and Enhanced security to the and You the to the the when with back to the the light from the sight The shortest recommended to the Short-distance without casting Ease of restricts operation the You this to people from without and At this the about the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off The with the following security with anti-theft Security Security to The the from with WXGA LCD the aspect ratio as This the of such as whiteboard, as WXGA-Compatible turning the off, the without to the to cool first. cool the to LAN and the from Network-Based
and the of the such as when the Function and Functions the foot to and the front foot. Foot from the Remote from the the Security The security with the Security Protects the from and cover C this cover when the cover that become or otherwise affected heat near the and or the while C Function
and Functions to the Function Rear RS-232C This and to the with should normally used. the from RS-232C from other from and Computer1 input to the of the connected to the Computer1 input input to the of the connected to the Computer2 input input from other from and Computer2 input Function C connected to the or input to the of the from from input input input connected to the Computer1 input to the from the or other This input to other than the Computer1 input C from the Remote and the LAN. LAN connected, LAN the sound of the currently to
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons Corrects items and buttons Function shows to with they and the which displayed, to the If when the function. Press to switch If when or displayed, these buttons becomes when the the the items and becomes buttons the or off. C Function and the or If of selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the connected to the and to the input that The of the and whether they flashing or the of the C [Source Search]
and Functions and the C Function Remote If of the synchronization, and to the or selection and to the displayed, and the Each the pressed, the C of the that the without the the the and or off. this about seconds, the cleared and then the switches from to [A/V these buttons when buttons The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] or unpaused. the or off. Function to the and to the input that [Source Search]
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons Press to the and to the items and Function the function. If when displayed, to the shows to with they and the which C If when or displayed, these buttons items and buttons Remote light-emitting the optional mount when the from Turn to and to the Function fixing Rear foot through when to the anti-theft to C Security
Functions This chapter functions and and the security Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting (Operation Anti-Theft the the Projection (Source Search) the Projected Functions Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect Ratio (Aspect)................................15 "Normal", "Through" of the the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Projection Quality
The that from front of the To the the to the following the the "A/V the The cleared and then the switches from to about seconds. Procedure
The following showing the of currently or when about seconds, the connected to If found. You the input where the displayed when the that the the Projected (Source Search) The input from connected and the input from the projected. You the input where input. Computer1 The input where input Computer2 connected, playback this operation. the the Procedure or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected.
Remote Procedure Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting the the the and the bright bright This the brightest and tones black-and- white bright Text Application such as bright This and input) them TV bright This and them to life. or input) Sports This Theatre The from the the If the while the the to the this tint, when Blackboard that to the
Functions from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Procedure Each the or off. Remote Procedure while the to from the where If the while the or displayed, the or The to back the while used. cleared. From the choose to If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V "A/V the or as the A/V using the activated. Each the A/V or off.
Functions Projection The "aspect the ratio and its With this switch the ratio the [Aspect] the The aspect ratio "Normal", and "Through". switching the aspect, the input To to the following the Aspect Ratio (Aspect) The from and With the switched to the as follows. "Normal" the connected to EIAJ input input input Normal Notes Recommended aspect The input recommended aspect and the operation as shown the following "Normal", aspect ratio with the the HDTV the appears to the and right. used. top and ratio of the input the aspect of the while Normal (including WXGA Normal TV
Functions Projection Notes Recommended aspect recorded recorded stretched to projected, the top and of the off. from DVD, and to such that the input of the The aspect ratio of the used. such as those from or DVD software aspect ratio of the input while the of the from DVD, and "Through" the aspect ratio and of the input "Through" when to as without allows the to the of the The aspect ratio when to input with of to than the appears the top and as input with of the of the off. elongated the to input or reduction of the input as the and right. "Through" of
Functions Enhancing Projection Remote Procedure Each the the aspect displayed the and the aspect This "Aspect" from the the
Functions Projection the to the of the that to Remote This when to such as and to them of the Procedure Remote C Remote selected to to You the or The ratio appears the The the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the holding the Press the to
"Network Protect" to "On" Background", and "A/V Protect" to "On" the following from the the prohibited. Protect" prohibited. "Network Protect" You people from the the The with of anti-theft security The the following security You who the without Protect Anti-Theft Security Functions Protect) the Protect function activated, people who Furthermore, the that when as the At the of the This acts as anti-theft the the to the purchase the Protect function activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect whenever the turned from If the the supply to which connected the the On Protect" "On", the On Protect"
Security Functions Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the C Turn Protect" Press the the following to Protect. Protect Select "Network Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Press the Turn "Network Protect". the the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure the the displayed, and then the The as the If the Protect four the buttons. The the this to Select and then the fourth the displayed. shown displayed If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, the displayed. the buttons Remote Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the the as further the the theft If the incorrectly, displayed The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the
Security Functions the displayed, the using the buttons the the and then and the that appears the screen and the about and then the switches to If incorrect three the If the of the "The operation locked." displayed back The displays the the and Service If this the from the that the the the buttons. the Attention Procedure If to the operation and input the as "The locked. and the thirty the following
Security Functions operations from the including the or of the following to the the of the the locked. You of the buttons the the Operation locked. off. Restricting the buttons and the operations they the the Select or This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated the The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. Press the and the the Procedure and the the From the from about seconds, You release the of the the displayed and the released. following the the
Security Functions the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. You about the it that and the The security with the Security the often mounts and the includes the following security Security the Security Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security
This chapter to the and its the of Network Info Only).................................................34
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with and when selected the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the the Red, You the of each individually. You choosing of the following You the to their To items to their only when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each "Normal" input as If the aspect of the or the the of the input automatically. input as the to the input You whether the to the (On) or when the input Function You the and right that of the projected of the IP each the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the Computer1 input or Computer2 input Computer1 Computer2 You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected You the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 To items to their You the aspect ratio Aspect
of Functions Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of Brightness Function You this to of the You You the to or the light too to to the that to or that interference. You the reception of the from the the that the without connecting other While the and correction. To the the the or the You the to their To items to their
of Functions You whether to (On) or the when the input the You whether the (the when the (On) or Background You the when to or A/V You the displayed A/V as "Black", or when the when input, and You related to the You the that as background and displayed A/V You choose of the following to the the Function to "On" and the connected to that of electricity the to "On", this off the when input and operations to "On", the should turning off the from to High this to "On" when the of Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or to (On) the of purchase. to automatically. You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" You SNMP to and the of the the or the "EMP software with You and functions while the when this to "Network On". this
of Functions You and the to their To items to their Function You the displays. Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You Protect" to "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", displayed and the You "Network Protect" to Network You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to to (where from to Gateway You input the IP the the IP You input the IP assigned to the MAC You input the MAC the You input the the DHCP You whether to DHCP (On) or If this to "On" to You Wired LAN Function to when the using software. You to characters. to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the using the which EMP EMP
of Functions To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Trap IP 1/Trap IP You to IP the SNMP The IP "Trap IP when the IP "Trap IP accessed. You SNMP SNMP Function to when or You to three You to Destination 1/Destination 2/Destination You the and the of the The You input to characters the You from to each of the the following IP used. this or with the SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the You whether to (On) or to (where from to You input the the SMTP to the and the to input. characters, the to entry. Press the and the following software displayed. the and buttons the to the to input. "On" and the connected to using AMX Discovery. when the connected to AMX or that AMX Discovery to the You the connected to this to the You the to their To items to their AMX Discovery the Each this selected, and the the section this and selected, and
of Functions the function to "On" and or with the following The IP the where the The of the where the Third and of the Subject: EPSON The of the The following the shown the with "Reading the Indicators". related High Warning High-speed cooling cover High (Overheating) the input to the and the supply to connected or appear the of the with
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) You the of "Computer1" or "Computer2" the to the "Source". You the input the currently projected. Source reaches the warning the characters displayed You the operating Hours Function The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours or hour each hour. This information about that occurred the This information service required. You the of the This information service You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their "Computer1 "Computer2 items "Network" You items to their Hours", and You clear the Hours and to "0H". when the Hours Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................38 lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the on-screen displays to the the Procedure and as shown the Press the to below. the the Press the The displayed. Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this (Flashing):Warm-up The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the which to the following to what the and to that they
lights or the the from the and or the the and Service Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service and or the the and Service If the the the the from the The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, clean or of or "High to "On". High (overheating) If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). the and cracked. the following Clean the using of or "High to "On". If the or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This the too high automatically.) If the clean or High Warning with If displaying the or the the and If the operating properly, though the showing to the Service
when If of the following and the offer to the each the with the The sound heard or the sound Other Projection the completely the completely and Moving from appear and nothing projected. relating to appear The truncated or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." displayed The or of The whole appears purplish or greenish, white, appearing the match, this and LCD reproduction performance, the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right Nothing appears the appear
relating to appear The correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the when the to the the connected the correct? the to only. the to the LCD and the when from Moving displayed Press the to the If to the to "Extended"-"Operation"-"Sleep to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from Projection
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported Displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the only to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the correctly? Turn the the the the or or with built-in LCD when from The recommended from to to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Check Interference or appear Press the the or the the to If the correctly the from and the If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when from when the and correctly? Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the from the the correctly? Press the the to the The or or the aspect when If activated the Properties" of the only about of the the To the the off the the the that the output with the of Displays" the selected? when when
from connected to Computer1, Computer, or Computer2 the following to the the connected "Signal"-"Computer1/2 the input match the from the connected right the the "Image"-"Color the correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" the "Image"-"Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" the "Image"-"Contrast" the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? from connected to or the "Brightness" and "Brightness the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the and correctly? the "Contrast" the the correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the The that displayed from the Computer1 input from other than the Computer1 input projected? Nothing appears the
when There the or the the and or the the and Service If this the the the from the and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. the to The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the and off when the touched? the operation to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to the back the the receiver" the the selected? the back immediately Direct or the turned off? There or the too Other using the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the that the connected to the the connected correctly?
the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? The to from "Remote the receiver" the location where light the receiver. the If of the the than seconds, the the released, This the from operates when the or top of the correctly or the with necessary. the the receiver" the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the or the correctly? or light from the receiver? than seconds? If the or the the and the to Service To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? received with the and the to of to the the correctly. "Network correctly the that the LAN connected correctly. connected or connected correctly. the LAN connected correctly? Check that outlet or functioning correctly. to the
This chapter information to the of performance from the to Appendices ESC/VP21 Commands Command commands information displayed "Product information of Supported RGB) Specifications......................................................71 displayed and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the to the the operating the to the when Appearance..........................................................72 Index.....................................................................73 and Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to Connecting LAN Optional and Optional
from (Rear from front of the The the following four its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and injury. the mount and the or and Warning the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the the its This malfunctions to You the as follows the "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" the [A/V the about seconds. optional mount when the from
If collects the it the of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth to the Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with cloth cleaning to the clean the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this using the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and "The overheating. nothing the and or the to the Clean the and the when the following displayed.
the of the and the to the the the with This section to the the and the If the of the or that the becoming this them with ready to when required. the Remote Press the cover clicks C the cover. the Instructions/Support and Service the Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should high brightness: About hours continually brightness: About hours as as ready The the displayed. displayed. The flashes Flashing The or to
the off the and the Procedure and should to the of the cover, when the cover If of If the of which the cover gently. of the should that the the because there that the or mouth, immediately. Warning to the the fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and to the cover. the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the cooled sufficiently the because there that the the to enough.
the the the "PUSH", and once the screws. that fits the location the C the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or further If the yourself, to of the
The records the turned and and the the hours the when to the the operating the cover. the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly. the off as Please regulations or If the or the correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with
the from the and clicks C the The though the It to the when: The ripped. cleaned. the The when the from to the of properly with of the section: ABS of with of the section: Polyurethane resin the of the and to the the off the and the Procedure
when the the insulation and the protective that the If the the securely The internal of and which clearly as containing following to the from that insulation to from shock, and high-precision the the the that the might from shock. of purchase. to and to them that the
the the You the that currently as the buttons and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the previous Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to Aspect, or the function If selected when currently the the C this as the displayed, the the or the the as to the of the
"Select this displayed, the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed" displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while Once the This malfunctions to to the factory the the You to
Units: Units: the following to choose the The The recommended Units: and and and to to to to to Projection to to to to to to to to to to Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of of the that shown and offset The the of
You with built-in amplifiers to the with and with the to of sound. the Connecting to Connecting to to the with the and the the when when connected to the This that input to the Computer1 input the Connecting to To the the to the and from the built-in To Computer2 and and to the The the and and to to To with
with or type LAN Connecting LAN To LAN LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN
as ELPLP42 Optional and and the country of purchase. the following options and Purchase January, of to without The following of optional as of as ELPAF13 that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional of these the with the too HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 to ELPKC19 mount with the ELPMB18 when the ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 ELPFC03 or the the and Service to this installation of to the from
adopted this and implemented whereby this (ON). AMX Discovery AMX Corporation. the AMX to the easily to the AMX URL AMX Discovery This section terms that with the and terms that the text of this to other publications. The ratio and its that appear with to height ratio of or known as The aspect ratio Aspect ratio that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that contained the to to that of three and which the and to of this assigns IP to to DHCP The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and This (router) to Gateway of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and displayed alternately. of whereby the from from top to to High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV to connected to IP The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV
Network which the and such as routers and to TCP/IP SNMP this the that they the recording these played back the they restored to their as This the IP the SNMP SNMP Trap IP This that the of the from the IP international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of The of the phases of these (the of the and the troughs The output from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. VGA type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. WXGA
the ON command transmitted to the the If the terminates to and the input, the the and and then the command. and ESC/VP21 Commands Command Connector RS-232C input length: Parity: Flow Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF Command SOURCE selection SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (CR) to the of each and Computer1 Item
ESC/VP21 Commands <At the <At the Connector RS-232C input ready DSR DSR DTR ready DTR DTR DSR TD TD RD RD RD TD Function At the (PC At the ground GND GND GND
displayed information EPSON and Information Industries Association) as to the JBMIA and Information network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the Class established the JBMIA Industries Association) to URL the JBMIA. displayed "Product information EMP-400W Command Function AVMT AVMT AVMT commands AVMT and Command Connector INPT Computer1 input INPT Computer2 input INPT input INPT input
Units: Aspect of Supported RGB) VGA60 VESA72/75/85, Through SVGA56/60/72/ XGA60/70/75/85, WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 WXGA60/75/85 WSXGA60/75/85 WSXGA+60 SXGA60 MAC19 MAC13 MAC16 when selected of the the VGA when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported.
of Units: Aspect Through SDTV SDTV TV(NTSC) Through Units: Aspect (PAL,SECAM) TV
this TM DNX ICs EMP-400W Product (W) (H) (D) Specifications to to than and If the of of WXGA (W) (H) Polysilicon TFT active ELPLP42 UHE This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. to (network (network to to AC to supply to to to 35C to +60C Computer1 input Connectors Computer2 input input input DIN input Approx RCA input RS-232C RCA input RJ45 LAN
Appearance of 5-M4 from of to fixing Units: