using the the instructions the DVD the The light the DVD the The automatically. the A/V the displayed. the information. the Choose from the following USB or only) using USB included). You Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. (You to the software the first the software displayed the the VGA that with the PC If switch to You Other to and the to switch them. You microphone or USB (optional) HDMI RCA (optional) (optional) (optional) Microphone USB thumb Turn NOTE: If DVD, DVD instead. Turn or the The light the the A/V the Press the the or light and The the light flashes and the the light the ready to NOTE: To the the the then You to the to the If the Source or Source Search to the NOTE: If or other the on-screen To the the foot and the front of the Release the to the If the the to Turn the to reduce or the Turn the to the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. or If or the buttons the to 1-F C 1-F the the as shown AA included). Function/numerics switch DVD Turn and off lighting from Temporarily off the and sound playback the Access DVD features information the on-screen Where to information about the the from CD. Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg and of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27687 1-F 1-F
using the the instructions the on-screen DVD the The light the DVD the The automatically. the A/V the displayed. the information. the Choose from the following or only) USB USB included). You Follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. (You to the software the first the software displayed the the A/V the using the VGA that with the PC Press the the or light and If switch to You Other to and the to switch them. You microphone or USB (optional) HDMI RCA (optional) (optional) (optional) The the light flashes and the the light the ready to NOTE: To the the the then You to the to cool the If the Source or Source Search to the NOTE: If or other the on-screen To the the foot and the front of the Release the to the If the the to Microphone USB Turn the to reduce or the Turn the to the Turn If DVD, DVD instead. NOTE: Turn or If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the The light the or If or the buttons the to 1-F C 1-F the the as shown AA included). Function/numerics switch DVD Turn and off lighting from Temporarily turn off the and sound playback the Access DVD information using the on-screen Where to information about the the from CD. Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with (U.S.) or AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg and of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27687 1-F 1-F
instructions DVD DVD A/V A/V) section USB USB inclus). brancher USB affichera VGA fourni PC brancher microphone USB. HDMI RCA Microphone USB REMARQUE DVD, section DVD A/V A/V) bouton afficher bouton bouton OSD OSD) bouton afficher bouton bouton REMARQUE hors bouton confirmation bouton Source bouton Source Search REMARQUE tourner tourner tout boutons (Correction 1-B C 1-B AA incluses). fonctions/chiffres DVD sous/hors Interruption Commande DVD dinformation dinformation CD Service NIP fournie service offert toute promotions offres CD inclus www.epson.com/webreg Corporation. America, Inc. tous Linformation America, Inc. XXXXXX 1-B 1-B
instructions DVD DVD A/V A/V) section USB USB inclus). brancher USB affichera A/V A/V) VGA fourni PC bouton brancher brancher microphone USB. HDMI RCA bouton bouton OSD OSD) bouton bouton bouton REMARQUE hors bouton Microphone bouton Source bouton Source Search USB REMARQUE DVD, section REMARQUE DVD tout boutons (Correction 1-B C 1-B AA incluses). fonctions/chiffres DVD sous/hors Commande DVD dinformation dinformation CD Service NIP service offert toute promotions offres CD inclus www.epson.com/webreg Corporation. America, Inc. tous Linformation America, Inc. XXXXXX 1-B 1-B