420/425W/430/435W the the instructions the the Choose from the following the sections below or the VGA USB HDMI USB the of USB to the USB the of the to USB SP4 or turning the follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software EMP_UDSE.EXE first If the software automatically, or then EPSON_PJ_UD OS or higher: turning the the USB appears the Double-click USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software first of VGA to the Computer1 or Computer2 and the other to If using switch to Troubleshooting). You HDMI of HDMI to the HDMI and the other to HDMI Network You the wirelessly or wireless wirelessly instructions. Wired Network You the to network using Ethernet wired instructions. to and the Source Search the or to switch them. RCA to VGA HDMI USB or DC-06 USB USB or DC-06 to the USB If USB or USB the Slideshow to the and Microphone You and microphone to to the Turn Turn or the The light the Press the the or The the light flashes and then To the the then You to the to cool The of the English To another the the Select and Select and Select Press the to the and the If the Source Search the or the to the If or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Press the or buttons the to or reduce the Turn the to the If or the or buttons the to If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or buttons the to the and then the or buttons to the the the as shown AA Turn Turn off information using the the wirelessly Follow the to the wirelessly or wireless You the optional wireless LAN V12H418P12). wireless or built-in wireless interface, and XP Professional XP, or or OS to Turn off the and the cord. the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the Choose which to and off to
the Source Search to and the or to switch them. VGA USB USB or DC-06 HDMI USB USB or DC-06 to the USB If USB or USB the Slideshow to the and Microphone You and microphone to to the Turn Turn or the The light the Press the the or The light flashes and then the To the the then You to the to cool 420/425W/430/435W using the the instructions the the Choose from the following the sections below or the USB the of USB to the USB the of the to USB turning the follow SP4 or the on-screen instructions to the USB software first EMP_UDSE.EXE If the software automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD then or turning the the or higher: OS and USB USB appears the Double-click follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software first or Computer1 of VGA to the and the other to Computer2 If switch to Troubleshooting). You HDMI and the other HDMI of HDMI to the to HDMI Wireless Network You the wirelessly or wireless wirelessly instructions. Wired Network You the to Ethernet wired instructions. The of the English To another the the Select and Select and Press the to the and RCA the If the Source Search the or the to the If or other the troubleshooting the back of this to VGA To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot HDMI Press the or buttons the to or reduce the Turn the to the If or the or buttons the to If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or buttons the to the and then the or buttons to the the the as shown AA Turn and off Access Turn off to information using the the wirelessly Follow the to the wirelessly or wireless You the optional wireless LAN V12H418P12). wireless or built-in wireless interface, and XP Professional XP, or or OS to Turn off the and the cord. the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the Choose which to
the wireless LAN and the screw and the To wireless of the following: If the optional Wireless USB only), it the USB the the and to USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the then the If using the with these Press the the the Network and Choose Network and Select the and Select the and to characters to the the to characters. Press the arrow the to highlight the characters and to them. the information Select the LAN and Select the and choose of these options: to the to the Advanced to the to the If selected the wireless and the SSID Select the type of wireless as the Wireless LAN If selected Advanced SSID to characters) as the SSID If assigns automatically, IP and turn the DHCP If off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To the SSID and IP from appearing the the SSID and/or IP to finished, Complete and then to Press the to the software instructions. wired network Follow the to wired using the and the Press the the the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the and to characters to the the displayed to characters. Press the arrow buttons the to highlight the characters and to them. the information Select the Wired LAN and Choose IP and If assigns automatically, IP and the DHCP If off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To the IP from appearing the the IP to finished, Complete and then to Press the to the software instructions. software the Network software each that the the CD Software to the instructions and software, the to the on-screen Network If the Network from the CD or to the as the right. To and the and the software and from the You to the from the CD or to the as the right. Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. If Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the Where to information about using the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. Telephone Services To the the PIN the included with This service to through the of warranty You with US to through and to to through and hours of to without or charges apply. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg Optional of optional the You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-35017 Preferences and service, and
Select the and choose of these to the to the to the to Advanced the the If selected SSID wireless and the Select the type of wireless as the LAN SSID Advanced If selected SSID to characters) as the IP If assigns automatically, and and DHCP If off the DHCP the Gateway and IP the as To the SSID and IP from appearing the IP and/or SSID the to and Complete finished, then to to the Press the software instructions. wired Follow the to wired using the and the the the Press the Network and and Network Select and Select the the wireless LAN and using the screw and the To wireless of the following: If the optional Wireless USB only), the USB the the and to USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the then the If the with these Network the the Press the and and Network Choose and Select the Select the and to characters to the the to characters. Press the arrow the to highlight the characters and to them. information the and Wireless LAN Select the Select the and to characters to the the to characters. Press the arrow buttons the to highlight the characters and to them. the information Select the Wired LAN and Choose IP and If assigns automatically, IP and the DHCP If off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To the IP from appearing the the IP to finished, Complete and then to Press the to the software instructions. software the Network Projection software each that the the CD Software to the instructions and software, the to the on-screen Network If the Network Projection from the CD or to the as the right. To and the and the software and from the You to the from the CD or to the as the right. Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. If Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the Where to information about the the to the If to the them from the CD or to the as below. Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service to through the of warranty You with US to through and to to through and hours of to without or charges apply. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg Optional of optional the You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca EasyMP, and and of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-35017