BrightLink
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations BrightLink include these features: interactive functions with or without with the Enhanced Interactive and throw 87-inch (WXGA) from inches Easily mounted or fast, low-cost Can mounted vertically to interactive directly Can or Reduced interference and Bright, high-resolution BrightLink to of brightness (white light and light BrightLink to of brightness (white light and light BrightLink to of brightness (white light and light BrightLink Native of (XGA) BrightLink Native of (WXGA) connectivity HDMI or Plug-and-play USB and
Additional Optional and Related to the to the following To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized EPSON To HDMI HDMI or purchase information. To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI If purchase mount that included VGA VGA You purchase from or authorized EPSON To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple topic: You purchase other optional and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or EPSON (ELPLP71) V13H010L71
Option or (ELPAF40) V13H134A40 LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 Wireless USB (ELPAP08) V12H005M08 Additional interactive (ELPPN03A/ELPPN03B) V12H522001/V12H523001 of (ELPPS01) V12H524001 USB V12H525001 EPSON DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 EPSON DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 (ELPCB01) V12H443020 Wireless Microphone (ELPMC02) V12H4430M2 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 On Wall ELPCK01 security ELPSL01 90-inch whiteboard V12H468002 96-inch whiteboard V12H468001 VGA (ELPKC02) F3H982-06 VGA (ELPKC09) F3H982-10 VGA (ELPKC10) F3H982-25 HD-TV ELPKC22 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 Height-adjustable throw V12H457008 throw V12H457007 height-adjustable V12H457004 Rear and height-adjustable V12H457005 and height-adjustable V12H457006 Height-adjustable mount throw V12H457010
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Option or mount throw V12H457019 Service EPPFTPA1 Warranty EPPEXPA1 Service EPPFTPA2 topic: with basic warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support
Locations and to technical hours If this and the the EPSON service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Interface Interactive Remote topic: Introduction to
Remote cover screw cover cover screw cover topic: Locations
Interface cover switch Security Wireless LAN light Interactive Remote Projection Security cover topic: Locations Optional wireless LAN Computer1
Computer2 Network LAN USB-A USB-B HDMI RS-232C Mic (microphone) topic: Locations
mount Security Rear foot Wall mount plate foot topic: Locations
lights Source Search (searches connected (selects buttons the and arrow buttons information) buttons buttons and arrow topic: Locations Related Light
Interactive optional or Battery light switch Battery cover topic: Locations
through connected through buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and of the A/V off and sound) information) action) (activates on-screen and wireless (selects LAN USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Removing and Attaching the the Remote the throw to or vertically to interactive You the such as or to these as location: Follow the instructions the to the the included mounting of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. If the mounted, and Projection topic: the You or to the following Mounted the or
Mounted to interactive workspace. from or Wherever the to front of the If from or to option the
Projection topic: The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to approximately to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or information and installation instructions, the You the Throw www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support BrightLink Aspect Ratio height from top height of to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio
height from top height of to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio height from top height of to plate inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
height from top height of to plate inches inches inches inches inches inches BrightLink Aspect Ratio height from top height of to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio height from top height of to plate inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
height from top height of to plate inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio height from top height of to plate inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches topic:
the and the To the or first to the You then the to the Turn the the front foot the the front of the foot Rear the rear the the back of the topic: the to to the cover. both of the screws (screwdriver included).
off the cover. To the cover, then the screws. topic: the You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and with If or includes sound, input necessary.
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and shows without USB (such as or or optional EPSON If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting Microphone Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to or USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB This the interactive with You to the USB the through the USB that
USB interactive function. the performance, VGA or HDMI recommended. Turn the to USB-B the other to USB of the following: Select the that appears to the EPSON USB software. XP as appear and the the EPSON USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the EPSON USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the EPSON USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software only the first the to the The the from and outputs sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the using optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to or USB the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to or HDMI the to the USB the with Connecting the USB the to as wireless this the the with the USB to USB-B the other to USB If to the as wireless to the USB the You to to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources Related Remote If includes sound and to the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic:
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using to with the to usually or If using these to the VGA to the
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related If to the using optional or A/V the with the yellow to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional the to
Connecting to Source Sound the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the If the to the optional or RCA If the or the to the RCA the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the using the and white the other of the to the
Connecting to Connecting to topic: Connecting to Sources If connected the to to the This the when the that refresh than to correctly. to the If there the Computer1 the to topic: To the sound from the to with built-in amplifiers. You the using the If to from the when the turned off, to the the The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary.
Connecting Microphone the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: You microphone to the Mic to If to from the microphone when the turned off, to the the the microphone to the Mic Turn the microphone, necessary.
Connecting to USB Devices USB Connecting USB or to the topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without using or connecting of these to USB or USB USB memory or USB-mounted topic: Connecting to USB Related topics Projecting You USB or to the USB-A and to and other If USB with the
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB-A shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting You switch the to the connected to USB-A the USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices
Connecting to the Remote You the EPSON DC-06 to USB-A to the features software, the EPSON DC-06 to instead of the You to EPSON to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB-A the other of the to the USB topic: Related Optional and The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and
the as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the Each AA battery. the cover as shown.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to To the interactive with to the USB projecting through the Wired Network Wireless Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wired To this, the to and then and connecting and the as the software from the Software CD-ROM the following software and to and Network Projection software projection. the Network from CD instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly the Network Projection software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network To the to (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T network To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network from the the its already the to using the LAN Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the
to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the the arrow buttons the To highlighted
Wireless Network Projection To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You to through wireless To this, the optional EPSON wireless LAN and then and wireless To the interactive with to the USB wirelessly through the the built-in to the If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly the Network software. There to the to wireless the optional EPSON Wireless USB only) the manually the Network the and the the software from the Software CD the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless the Network Projection from CD instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and the LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Network Security
the Wireless LAN topic: the Network Related references Optional and To the wireless the EPSON wireless the other type of wireless the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord. Unscrew and the cover attached (screwdriver included).
Only) the wireless LAN the the cover and the screws. and the topic: Wireless Network Projection Related references Optional and You the optional EPSON Wireless USB to the to wirelessly. Then and the when Turn the the USB to the USB-A
Selecting Wireless Network Manually You that the information the USB the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the instructions to the Wireless If to the firewall. the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network from wireless the the its Turn the
Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters using the to characters the the turn security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as necessary selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless network
Wireless LAN Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Network Projection selecting these Wireless LAN On wireless LAN Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless Wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the connecting to SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the to LAN to or the optional EPSON Wireless USB to Advanced to wireless network
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Network OS IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the screen IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the Click topic: Wireless Network Projection to the the wireless network OS X. Click the the the top of the then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the the IP and Gateway as
Wireless Network Security topic: Wireless Network You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WEP WPA security with the information. Press the the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and the security as necessary to match selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security
Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security WEP and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless WEP Encryption WEP security, selects the type of Format ASCII WEP security, selects the input HEX ID to WEP security, selects the WEP ID Encryption to characters the selected WEP ID selected WEP Encryption and the Encryption Format WEP Authentication WEP security, selects the type of WEP authentication Shared PSK from to WPA-PSK or WPA-2-PSK characters security, selects the the ASCII text input HEX input ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F) ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F)
Network topic: Network Security You the to the there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and the and Turn Notification the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to
Network SNMP Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: EPSON the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. these or through (where from to If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. If to the selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and using This the remotely.
If to to when the off, to the the the turned connected to the the IP the and the You the To the of the and follow the instructions to To remotely, the Remote option. You this Selects Selects and HDMI A/V and
Selects the Selects the USB or USB Closed Caption Select the to the function to topic: the Network Related If using the and the and using You the EPSON or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and using and connected to the If connecting wirelessly, the using the Advanced If to the when the turned off, to the the Press the Select the Network and
Select Network and Select the Others and the to On to allow the to detected. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and connected to the the IP the browser's and the You this
Select the input that to the Sources You through the and the To remotely, the on-screen that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the with the and the Focusing the Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the Turn the or to the the
the to the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and children and
Turning the If right try the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the topic: turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light With technology, there cool-down the right necessary). the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the
Selecting the the To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing topic: Related If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic:
the Height If projecting from or other and the too high or the height using the the feet the the and focusing the interactive the of than vertically or Turn the and To the the rotating them. To the the front foot rotating
If the the to their If the to the topic: Related Shape Related You the directly front of the of the screen and If the to the or or or off to the to the the interactive the without Correcting with the Correcting Shape with Corner topic:
Correcting with the You the correction buttons to the of that the interactive the of and correction than Turn the and You to the the Press of these the to the
Press the to the The buttons and correction, slightly If the of reach, the using the the topic:
Correcting with Corner Related You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the using the Press the the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then You the Corner
the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow to the as necessary. finished,
the with the and the topic: Turn the and To the the the To reduce the the If the of reach, the using the the topic: Related references You the to the without the
Focusing the Turn the and the the and buttons. the the automatically. the arrow buttons the or to the You the to the topic: Related Turn the and You to the the the switch to the cover the of the or the to the
Remote topic: Related references The the from anywhere the to You the or board, or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the
the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as Wireless the Remote as topic: Related the
the Remote as You the as wireless from This the as the interactive If to the as wireless to the USB the the to using the USB-B or HDMI to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic:
the Remote as Selecting Source Related You the as to information The arrow, the Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Related If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to DVD or other and its necessary). of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the
Press the the the If there than that the to through the and HDMI USB and Network (LAN) topic: the to the correctly. the top-to-bottom to from or mount. This should when mount the vertically to interactive from front of the Rear/Upside the top-to-bottom and to from the or and
the Projection the Remote the Projection the Rear the to from The Rear with the interactive You the the or the the the the the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the
Aspect Ratio Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related references Quality
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the displayed to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input BrightLink Aspect ratio the aspect ratio to the input and the Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to
Aspect ratio the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and BrightLink Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input and the Normal the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality
the You the using the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright Theatre Sports bright or input only) bright displays
Turning On Iris Blackboard chalkboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Caption
the with the Projecting Press or to the topic: The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: Related references You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily and the Slideshow Slideshow Starting topic:
Slideshow Supported Slideshow Related USB Projection Related Connecting USB or to the Slideshow the following: of topic: Projecting You these of the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the the the the topic: CMYK Highly
Starting USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow operation options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the
Slideshow To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the screen While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow button. To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the instructions or the Slideshow topic: Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow
Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the with with of topic: Starting
the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Creating to You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To turn the and sound back A/V topic: You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that
and of You action the interactive Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the You using the interactive Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary.
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protect from the the Selecting Security to the to topic: Security
To security, the the the Protect This about seconds. Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The as as Then the the You the accepted."
Selecting Security to the Press to to the Protect of the and topic: Security the Protect Select the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and To to Network Protect On and You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever turn the
You the to the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to EPSON Support. EPSON Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security
to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the button, the and Select the and You to the as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and
the It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the Select the and
Unlocking the Security Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the back of the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security
Creating to You to the and then as to when the This the the to as the from connected or Press the the and Select the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the topic: Related references
the Interactive the The BrightLink interactive interactive whiteboard, with or without With Interactive This software the as to and interact with from people the Without the built-in This from DVD or other Follow the instructions these sections to the interactive the BrightLink With Interactive PC and BrightLink Without with and the the of the You with the built-in or both the of each with Interactive the The off of inactivity. the switch to the back
optional or Battery light switch Battery cover To the the switch. The light If the the light flashes. performance, the to the board, as shown below. cover the section the of the the following to the as To left-click, the board. To To right-click, the board with the about seconds. To and and with the To the the without touching finished the the switch to off. Automatically Manually topic: the Interactive
Automatically Related the the positioning of the with the location of You only to the first and the or You should to the or or the resized. You the the or the the as below. Press the the and
Select the Interactive Function and Select and the necessary, the cover the of the and the Press to appears, and the calibrated. If that to manually.
Manually The location and should match If to manually. topic: the Related Manually If the location and match manually. Press the button, the and
the Easy Interactive Function and Select and the necessary, the cover the of the and the Press to flashing appears the of the of the with the of the
The and another than the first the touch the of the Touch the of the then to the of the the appears the top of the the and the interactive to the the If the the to back to the previous To the process, and the of the
BrightLink With topic: the Related Automatically You to the and the software from the CD Software Interactive Function." You then the following: of the as to Interactive to with both the and the PC input or Microsoft Office the topic: the Interactive
the The normally or the If that the incorrect, the manually. Press the the and Select the Interactive Function and
Select Advanced and Select and Press to The the top corner. the the top of the the of the with the The the right corner. the the right of the the of the with the topic: BrightLink With
Interactive Interactive with CD containing the Interactive software with Interactive interactive as to select, and interact with from These Interactive displays the the and the as to applications, and You whatever from both the Whiteboard of or background and the to write or the background. You from or whiteboard people the the using Interactive Source the to the interface where connected. Interactive Interactive Starting and Exiting Interactive the Interactive Interactive Interactive the Interactive Whiteboard Interactive and More topic: the Interactive Related references the to Interactive
Interactive XP Professional, OS or Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and CPU or (Core2 PC G4 or or recommended) (Core or recommended) Memory 512MB or (1G or recommended) 100MB or and or topic: Interactive The Interactive software included the CD Software Interactive Function." This CD includes the Interactive which BrightLink You the software from the U.S. or the CD Software Interactive Function" of the following: If the If the Account or OS Double-click the the Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. to or OS X).
OS X, to include the Interactive the installation. You to the Interactive
and Exiting Interactive topic: Interactive Interactive and the connected to the and the interactive Turn and its projected. To Interactive of the following: Double-click the Interactive or or or EPSON Interactive OS Select Applications Interactive Interactive The Interactive appears the and arrow appears the other of the
The shows the interactive the and the whiteboard the right. You the to the then the arrow to redisplay the To Interactive the the right of the topic: Interactive
the Interactive Interactive Interactive Interactive You the as and to or other from Follow the instructions these sections to the interactive Interactive Interactive the On-Screen With Interactive the topic: Interactive Switch to interactive Switch to whiteboard and the
the On-Screen operations operations or other software or other software the from connected to the USB on-screen to text or or other software the to of the the of the and or other topic: the Interactive Interactive You text or other such as or spreadsheet. or other Select the You the on-screen
With Interactive the where to Select the and the on-screen topic: the Interactive Interactive You to and Interactive to and with from the to USB and the to Select the You this:
the Select the to from the of the following to with the necessary: To search connected the To the To the To full-screen from the the the topic: the Interactive Interactive You the to section of
Interactive Interactive the You this: the to the to the following to the as necessary: To the To the the topic: the Interactive Interactive Follow the instructions these sections to the Interactive Interactive Selecting and With Interactive topic: Interactive The shown appear the of the and
and or with highlighter and or with highlighter or with thick right) or with thick right) or with thick right) the (thin thick right) Clear to annotations)
Selecting and With Interactive the and showing continuously the Interactive topic: Interactive You the and both the and the Highlighter Select the to the or Highlighter the following appears: Select the and to the or Highlighter Select the or then the to write or the topic: Interactive
the Interactive Whiteboard Interactive Whiteboard You write or background and Follow the instructions these sections to the whiteboard Interactive Whiteboard the Whiteboard topic: Interactive To the whiteboard shown the Whiteboard the Switch to interactive Switch to whiteboard from background and or or from the
the Whiteboard operations operations of currently edited from or from connected to the the the to of the the of the that to the or of and or other topic: the Interactive Whiteboard You of to and the and Select the The
Interactive and More Interactive and More Select the and to or the to the the to the topic: the Interactive Whiteboard Follow the instructions these sections to the that and annotated and other Interactive and More With the Selecting and topic: Interactive To the shown the Other the interactive or whiteboard the first whiteboard
With the spotlight that of the and reveals the spotlight to of the Cover the with the to or the the currently whiteboard of the or the the which and the to right-click (interactive only) information Interactive (interactive only) topic: Interactive and More You of the with the Interactive Select the of the the of
of the following: To the the To the the the right corner. topic: Interactive and More You or as or and the location where to To as Interactive the Interactive based the and You the
with interactive or the the whiteboard You other locations and as If as PDF, whiteboard Select the The on-screen displayed. Select the Other You Select the The Select the You screen the following:
Select the location, and type and whiteboard Interactive the and to each If to each the when checkbox. Select OK to the to the If selected when the on-screen displayed, with the following:
Selecting and Select the location and type and the on-screen necessary. Select topic: Interactive and You the following Interactive Spotlight only) Select the Other You Select the The
PC and Select the and If to the the then the Select OK to the topic: Interactive and More If or the PC and to handwritten input and annotations to PC and PC and
PC and topic: the Interactive If to the PC and features or to the the Press the the and the Interactive Function and
PC and Select of and Select One and Press the to to the Interactive Function Select and Select and topic: PC and If using or the PC input to handwritten input and to If Microsoft Office or the function to handwritten to Word spreadsheet, or Option the functions of Microsoft Office. To the PC input Accessories PC PC You write the using the then from of options to and the To annotations Microsoft Office the then
BrightLink Without You from of To Slideshow and the the to right-click, then from the This XP. information about these features, topic: PC and You the to write or the without connecting This from DVD or other These displays the built-in whatever from or other Whiteboard white or or of background and the to write or as would or board. The built-in when from the Without the the Whiteboard and the topic: the Interactive
the Without You with the built-in both the Press of the Source buttons the to the the to If to the and Computer2 or another You the built-in the that selected Interactive the To the the with the You arrow the and right of the The arrows they used. To them reappear, the with the To the of the arrows. You the to the or To the the the of the If to the the the of the topic: BrightLink Without Related The built-in the and than Interactive with the built-in If to to the and Interactive
the following the shown the and the whiteboard the right: Switch to
Switch to whiteboard the the action white or background or of and of and or free-form with highlighter or free-form with highlighter Black thick right) thick right) thick right) (thin thick right)
the the Whiteboard Clear annotations the each the topic: BrightLink Without You the to and around then when Select the then the where to You the which necessary. Select the to increase the to of the following to the necessary: the to around the Select the reduce the Select the to to the the to the function. topic: BrightLink Without whiteboard or background, and then write or as would chalkboard or board. Select the Whiteboard the built-in You white background.
and the If to the background, the following: Select the Background Select background or of Select the right arrow to the selection of the following to write or the background. To the To clear the whole the Clear topic: BrightLink Without the from and the from You the Red, or the and the the of the thin or the the right thick Select the arrow to the or Highlighter the Select the and Select the right arrow to the selection topic: BrightLink Without
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of to the tone based each the of the and
Iris On the based the brightness when selected The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that
On Automatically (when On) the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the Expanded connected to the HDMI input fast-moving NR2 graphics, and
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect the features. height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
H/V to and Corner vertically) Varying the of the Varying the of the locking to the buttons H/V manually and Corner to and using buttons the buttons
Three the of the Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Varying the of or Mic Varying the of the when connected microphone Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch Front/Rear Closed Caption Mic Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
Selects options topic: the the features that its operation. the selected type the to selects the type of or to and as displays to focusing and the and correcting
Selects options Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the screen the oriented correctly Background whether the Screen A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 Rear with the interactive Rear whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Direct On Selects options Selects the following when the Microphone (turned off): Direct On the without the High off the of inactivity Communication On the and the High the operating the input the option Microphone the On output from microphone the On from
USB Interactive Function Selects what when to the USB Interactive USB-B Function Interactive Function Wireless the interactive with USB Interactive Function through the USB and the interactive with recommended) the wireless and through the USB (interactivity
Network Network Interactive Function Selects options related to interactive operation Selects the and displays option) topic: the the Network information and the and The options Source or of Source the interactivity Interactive Right Click of Advanced specify One with PC and features) or or when selected Right Click as right when selected Advanced assign Right Click or Click to the and or
Info Wireless LAN wireless and Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
Information Info Network Accesses network topic: the You information about the and input the Info the the input The hours the least hours. Information item Hours the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input
ID Information item the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service technician the ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Projection Turn the off and then Unstable the and try connecting to the the the Network
ID and Communication with disconnected. the Network The Network unexpectedly. the then turn the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. network to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the You the to when the the option.
You the following using the option: Network items Hours topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Projection Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to clean the and periodically, and the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized EPSON servicer. Warning: cleaning of the turn off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Projection Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the the topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or gently the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the To cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or the topic: Clean the red) or to that with the To or the with lens-cleaning To lint-free cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or the topic:
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to clean the These the or the topic: The the clean. If collects the or clean them as this clogs the to overheat to to the and to nothing the Cleaning the and the topic: Clean the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord.
the the using or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to or the If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted the or Turn off the and the cord.
the cover switch and the cover.
the of the of to
the the as shown.
the cover. topic: and
the The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Specifications Information Info the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted the or Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury. If the mounted the or to the the
the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. off the cover.
the screws the to the The screws the the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to the screws to the
the the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the button.
the Remote Select the and Select and You to the hours. and Press or to the topic: Related the The AA or batteries. the as as they only the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related AA or rechargeable battery. the as as the the light flashes as the switch. the the light the type of specified this the cover as shown.
the the battery. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: If the become or correctly, them.
the off the of the to the topic: Related Optional and The of which Follow these to or the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, it its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Light the these sections the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Interactive Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the below.
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light to the Flashing Flashing too light that the and with or the too If overheating the
light light and overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing Flashing the to the Flashing or Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing around the the or clean the If the the and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and light that the and with or If operating the high High If overheating the If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. that the and with or If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to using the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears
Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect There Sound or to Microphone topic: If appears, the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely and the the and connected Press the to from or or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from screen from using off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality
Incorrect the USB Function Appears Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly using the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. the USB the to of the USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications With reduce the from With off DirectX If the the of the smooth the EPSON USB Turn off the the EPSON USB topic: or Sound If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears Related the If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the checkbox. topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related
Appears the Not If appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the try the following If the mounted the or directly front of the of the facing squarely, the to the rather than the If the height using the the buttons the to the the Corner or to the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting with Corner
the or Static the or Blurry Correcting with the the If the to interference or the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to the the to they match the Select that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to If connected try without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related references Supported Related From PC From If the or the following the the enough to the and directly front of the the that the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect the Sharpness to If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and topic: or Sound Related Quality Projection Related Focusing the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the input the the securely connected to the and If connected shorter If the incorrect from selected the If using the ECO selecting Normal the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound Related Related
There Sound or to Microphone Quality If there sound when or the too the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and connected If using and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to connected when the off, the option to Communication On and the option. topic: or Sound If there sound when microphone connected to the the following the microphone securely connected to the microphone, microphone. the Mic as the If to the microphone when the off, the option to Communication On and the Microphone option. topic: or Sound Related Related Connecting Microphone
or Remote to or Shut-Off to with the Remote the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. Check the this light If the the the its and the Remote the topic: or Remote Operation Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries.
to Interactive operating the within the reception and of the to the causing to Release the to the lighting, sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Related Optional and Remote If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and If the from topic: or Remote the these sections the interactive Not Found" Appears Occurred the Interactive Function" Appears the Interactive Not Work
Found" Appears Occurred the Interactive Function" Appears the Interactive Not Work the Not Work the Interactive Not the Interactive or to the Interactive Interference or Unwanted Effects topic: If the found" appears, the following the USB from the to and then reconnecting the If from the enough or the to If USB the try USB to the and topic: Interactive If the occurred the Interactive Function" appears, topic: Interactive Related Where to If the the following The to them off. the of the to covering the section the of the nothing the the and the interactive the holding the that the the cover to from the the enough the battery.
the Built-In Not Work If from the USB connected to the and the lights and off lights. the and sunlight or other of bright If the or to the the and free from there interference from or microphones. the USB option the to Interactive Function or USB Interactive Function the Source option the to the the recalibrating. You both the with the built-in topic: Interactive Related references Related the the If manually, the following If the to the or automatically, or off bright lights near the the too to the topic: Interactive If the without the following the USB option the to Interactive Function or USB Interactive Function
the Interactive Not the Interactive or to Press of the Source buttons the to the the to To Computer2 or another You the built-in the that selected Interactive the the recalibrating. topic: Interactive Related If the the as the the following the the cover to from the the If the the to the the to the the should correct. topic: Interactive Related the Manually If the to or too slowly, the following operation, the to the the performance, to the VGA and the USB interactivity. If USB to the EPSON USB topic: Interactive
the Interactive Interference or Unwanted Effects Network Not Where to If the causing interference or effects, the following both the they Turn off the when they the the of interactive to interference with topic: Interactive If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: Related Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection Related Network Network If to technical services, the following options. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with
to To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included with This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or rear of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of Poly-silicon TFT active BrightLink F= Brightness BrightLink (XGA) BrightLink (WXGA) length: Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO
ratio to with Iris and Normal BrightLink to inches to or ceiling-mounted aspect ratio BrightLink (width-to-height) ratio (Tele-to-Wide) BrightLink Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO BrightLink Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO to inches to BrightLink to inches to BrightLink
Specifications Remote Specifications sound (Normal correction USB-B USB and USB or USB-A One USB and USB input or EPSON topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) BrightLink Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception (ECO BrightLink to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications Specifications or AA topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) BrightLink BrightLink to BrightLink to Normal ECO BrightLink Normal ECO (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications to V) BrightLink topic: Technical Specifications to to (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications Normal ECO BrightLink Normal ECO (Communication On) to to to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+* UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21"
Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA* SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV
USB Refresh HDTV HDTV HDTV BrightLink topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software. (Service only) OS or XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition and Professional, and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Wireless Telegraphy Regulations Software Copyright Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products topic: Notices the when the the bright light the when it cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light or near the The high of this burns, fire, or other the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the or of heat. the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when the to the when disconnecting to comply with these fire or shock. cords, or the This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which the If the least inches of the and the
the closed-in provided. of through the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or frayed; or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. the where to or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the
Restriction of that become or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. to the immediately the turn off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this
FCC topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. topic: Notices
Wireless Telegraphy Regulations Software Copyright The following acts prohibited the Wireless Telegraphy Act: and (including the Removing the of topic: Notices EPSON BrightLink and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. and EPSON SM and SM service of Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., Street MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and
this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that free or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the
You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software or,
Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically distribution, machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and only the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the
royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or it the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, output this when interactive
Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13
The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this it allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library.
To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the users of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that it becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to to third the of this
If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option useful when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and customarily software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the
that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the
library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this distribution. If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from However, as the to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise permitted, and that these things: the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this However, who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and or the or based
Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted
the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and change. You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option)
This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written Random of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please
You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If only distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software only the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its
ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the Unisys LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the distribution, the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc.
the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following terms of
(only used) as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted"
of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You no-charge, royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to stating that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text
from the Work, that such as the You own copyright to and additional or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to
To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester UK rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their
the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or of its including, to, and/or This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and only or replicated with the of Inc. University of California Copyright The of the University of California rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written
LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White Austin TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems
Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written representations about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
S. L. Moshier Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the
of the of, the software and of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA,
rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Copyright M. Warner rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
A. Chernov using Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products
Copyright Notice from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when EPSON While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This information to without Inc. CPD-35679 topic: Copyright Notice