BrightLink Interactive TM
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. E-TORL BrightLink and and and service of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27953 Information Copyright Notice
Welcome BrightLink easy-to-use, short-throw that interactive whiteboard. The wall-mounted whiteboard or other and to inches WXGA You the interactive to or write and whiteboard. The offers to of white and light (brightness). You to of computers, interactive whiteboards, and You from USB or With the optional wireless LAN wireless The BrightLink includes these features: and built-in easy and inexpensive mounting Battery-operated and software that interactive whiteboard and and Closed captioning and microphone input USB easy of and
This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where instructions the the mounting included the the information to the software, the interactive and Network Projection instructions (PDF with this from the CD). instructions the software to (PDF with this from the CD). from the the or the Download and to
If this and the this section, the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with basic warranty that with the warranty the offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the included with You using the included CD, or epson.com/webreg. products, and service.
Unpacking the the these USB Security and included the U.S. and only. BrightLink CD VGA Remote Interactive Software and CD Software Interactive Function CD AA AAA interactive
Unpacking the Mounting the and mounting these Wall template the instructions mounting the to the the (or the when to the to another location. instructions. Wall mount wrenches Wall plate cover
Remote Security security cover switch Remote Interactive cover cover screw cover cover LAN Projection
AC Wall mounting plate Computer1 input and RS-232C LAN Microphone USB Computer2 input and USB (TypeB) Security
Source Search (searches connected light and lights Interactive Battery (corrects (displays (increases (corrects items) (selects items) Battery cover or included)
Remote A/V off and and Aspect (activates buttons) buttons USB required) buttons Source Search and Source buttons assign function) (activates (arrow) buttons and
With plate the below to or the
Without plate Mounting screw
Additional to the To from DVD player or other One included with or purchase the ELPKC19 from Optional Accessories below. To One included with or purchase from Optional Accessories below. To RCA-type with or (with and white Optional To of the offers the following optional Product Additional interactive V12H387001 V13H010L57 V13H134A27 LAN V12H306P11 USB V12H005M05 security ELPSL01 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321001 ELPDC10S ELPKC19 ELPSV01 USB interactive
You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other his chapter to the to or or to such as VCR, DVD player, or You the to USB or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting to sound through the Connecting to or other USB
If with RCA follow the instructions to Dont to force to with or of You the or or the trying to Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other Connecting to You the to that This recommended with the interactive the section instructions. You the to the USB including PC computers, and computers, and other To sound through the You to as wireless when from Connecting to the VGA You to the using the VGA that with (the port).This the type of with the interactive of the VGA to the Computer1 or Computer2 and the other to Computer1 Computer2
You to the the to RGB or You optional to sound through the or microphone You to the as wireless finished instructions turning the and instructions and the instructions the interactive Connecting to the USB You or to the USB and This the following operating of XP, (SP4), or OS or USB (recommended) and than USB The first to the USB software from the Follow the instructions to the the USB the to USB Turn Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other
If the software automatically, manually. instructions. Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other the of the USB to the USB the of the to USB or appear as the and the software automatically. the appears, EMP On OS, the USB to the software. Follow the instructions the to the USB software. If Warning, or (You these instructions only the first the software the You switch the to other the Source Search the or the
You optional to sound through the finished instructions and the of the following: the USB OS the USB the and to the then the USB Connecting the USB the Interactive or Remote to the interactive the USB to the and Connecting the USB the as wireless You and through slideshow-style such as from to information). the of the USB to the USB Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other
LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or The turned the to to the (though to Communication On the Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other the of the to USB or USB recommended the performance. the USB the to Press the the to as the (The wireless function when other selected.) If necessary, to with USB Connecting If to as as the You to the A/V or switched to appear the VGA connected to the Computer1 Then to the as shown:
Connecting to You to the the to its If RCA Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB Connecting RGB Source to optional to sound through the Connecting Source If RCA to the and the yellow the If to sound through the instructions connecting Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other If the with purchase from
If the with purchase from Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other finished instructions turning the and instructions and the Once the turned the the Source Search the or Connecting Source the to the player and the the If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and instructions and the Once the turned the the Source Search the or
Connecting Source If (three or or and You the (ELPKC19) from or the of the RCA) to the (or the other of the (HD15 to the Computer1 or Computer2 the You to the the to If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and instructions and the Once the the the Source Search the or Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other VGA (ELPKC19)
Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other Connecting RGB Source You to RGB the VGA with the the to the RGB and the Computer1 or Computer2 the You to the the to RGB If to sound through the instructions connecting finished instructions turning the and instructions and the Once the turned the the Source Search the or to RGB to RGB
Sound Through the You sound through the or You microphone and sound through the You the or the to the and computers, which purchase from or of the to the or the the other to headphone or or computers or Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other
If to to the or Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other Sound from which purchase from the and white of the to the and the the and white the other to the output to
Connecting Microphone You microphone to the Mic as shown below. the Mic option the to the information. Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other
Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other Connecting You sound from the to with built-in amplifier. the to to with and the other or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to
Connecting or Other USB You interactive whiteboard, USB memory) USB or such as the P-7000. You the Slideshow function to JPEG or the USB specified Follow the instructions to the the USB or the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the other of the to or other necessary. The light the and then when USB connected. If the connected to (and connected to another the Slideshow appears. Connecting the DC-06 light Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other than and the or other directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the the FAT USB supported.
Connecting to Computers, USB Devices, and Other If connected to another the USB the to to the Slideshow instructions the slideshow. finished, and to the Slideshow turning off or the USB to off USB necessary) the or from the to the and/or the
and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Turning the and off Selecting the the
and the Turning the On and Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the connected and the The light should light
Press the the or the The once and the flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when or turn with switch. You to the button. Follow these to Direct On: Press the the or then the and Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press to The the the outlet or with switch. the when the This and If when Direct On and the the when the restored. and the
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You the to off the and when to This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the and the the This incorporates technology. To off, its as below, or off switch that to the You to the to cool first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The off and the You then the cord. If to the the light then the button.
Selecting Source You to the connected to the (such as or DVD player). Selecting the switch input from of connected If the the Source Search the or the the to of the Source buttons the USB or LAN If cant or cant the that or Select USB to from USB or LAN to instructions. the Once to To the To the brightness, or To the aspect If to the and/or sound, the Source Search Source buttons and the
and the Focusing the Focusing the of the process. If necessary, the the to the the of the the switch to the cover the of the or the to the cover switch
Selecting the The the and this to Press the the to option. Press the option the right corner. from of these Brightest or TV bright bright Theatre: natural-toned high-contrast bright when the to LAN or USB) Sports: TV bright or Matches the of displays. Blackboard the white Whiteboard bright with black-and-white text and graphics. and the
You the aspect ratio when displaying from using the USB or from USB the USB and the You the aspect to ratio input Press the Aspect the Press the Aspect repeatedly to through the options. from of these Aspect Normal: using the and the aspect ratio of the this to the and the of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to ratio elongated to using the of the the aspect ratio elongated the of the and the aspect ratio of the The off the top and its aspect Native: as (aspect ratio and Black appear or off, the If using the interactive to the aspect Aspect
the Interactive interactive included with interactive whiteboard. This chapter to the Interactive software, the and the to or write and whiteboard. Follow the instructions this chapter the Interactive the the the Interactive Periodically, to the U.S. or to Interactive software.
the Interactive the Interactive The Interactive software included the CD Software Interactive Function. the following Microsoft XP, or and or OS or USB or USB (recommended) the VGA and USB to the and as and Turn the software as the Turn the as You should displayed. If or the the following: the light the and flashing. Press the the If using the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while If the should the the right of OS: should the the You to the to appear turn the and
If appears the the and connected correctly. and reconnecting the USB If the of the following: or or Interactive OS: the Application then the Interactive If the and connected and the Interactive displayed, ready to the section instructions. the the and the interactive This that accurately the of the the You to the the first or the or You of Normal, which and Advanced, which recommended when higher You to the aspect ratio the or the following the or information. or from the Interactive If to the as the to the interactive the Interactive
the the to the and the of the the Interactive Tracking or Aspect information. To of the following: the the right of then (Normal) or (Advanced) OS, the the from the then (Normal) or (Advanced) the about OK You flashing the of the of the with the of the The flashing and You another the right. Touch the of the then to the of the the appears the of the the and the interactive to the the Dont the the while If and the process.
of the finished as the or With software, the to write or the the section information. the The Interactive allows to the as If interactive whiteboard software such as RM Easiteach or the Interactive the to write or the Battery light Press the the to the battery. If the light the enough Follow these to the as performance, the rather than to the board. To left-click, the board. the Interactive
The Interactive the interactive of the You RM Easiteach or other interactive whiteboard software. the Interactive To To right-click, while the the To and and with the To the writing or the board, to interactive whiteboard software, such as RM Easiteach. You interactive whiteboard software or Easy Interactive To and Interactive the Download Interactive the Interactive With Interactive the to write or the the software, as the To Interactive or or Interactive You the first Interactive interactive as indicated the the of the interactive and on-screen of spotlight the interactive and whiteboard and Clear
interactive the to as To switch to of the the the corner. To switch to whiteboard the whiteboard the right corner. to white and as To Interactive the Interactive the and Following of the interactive and Interactive or or other software on-screen to text or or other software the and as information. of the You the yellow arrows to the spotlight highlighting and of the You the spotlight, and its and transparency. the to right-click without the the the selecting the Interactive the the Interactive
the Interactive free-form (or free-form straight (or straight-line or (or or (or or with highlighter. You the and and You the and the free-form, straight or Select and (basic/fast). and (advanced/accurate). the annotation. Clear annotations.
Whiteboard To switch to white that as interactive whiteboard, the whiteboard You the whiteboard as shown below. Select the to of background or previously of the the as those interactive Following of the that to whiteboard Whiteboard Switch to interactive Clear Copy previous to of the Switch back to interactive the and the previously as the whiteboard background or previously You the JPEG or BMP Select background. the repeatedly to choose from of writing or the whiteboard. Select background the Interactive
the Interactive Whiteboard You both whiteboard and with annotations. You where to and what Select the right-hand of the to the Interactive Select Copy the of the and the the operation. the operation. the as the section information. preview. whiteboard the
You the on-screen and Select the where to You the on-screen to and or BMP as the type. Select You to Interactive of the following to interactive the to the and annotations. You that the Interactive the and to the selected. whiteboard the The appears and as You location and to as the Interactive
the Interactive
Presenting With the Remote includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting Presenting slideshow from USB
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation the bright or sunlight Presenting With the Remote the Remote as Follow these using the the the or the within of the the within to the of, or or below, the receivers the the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the to off the and sound, and This to temporarily without the of bright To the and sound back the You such as or to the whenever the A/V button. information.) A/V
Action Press the the to the action or The the sound To the action, the You of the the buttons the If of the interactive the and match when the buttons. Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the arrow buttons to the crosshair. pressing the to the selected to The function the the sound. the to the You the while Presenting With the Remote
To temporarily off the sound and the A/V button. Presenting With the Remote While the the arrow buttons to around the Press the to Press the SC to the to its the To the the the or the You the the You or of the following whiteboard or chalkboard: Press the the then the and Highlight and Highlight and
Select of the shown or choose If to choose below information. Press to the then Choose to the Press when finished the to the You of the to the the and then the the the as Highlight and Highlight and Press to Creating You from or to the and then as If assign to the as the the the to from or other Then follow these to the and to the the highlight and Select and to the as the and Press choose the Presenting With the Remote
You the as wireless when from the Computer1 or Computer2 You to to the as Presenting With the Remote and the or while the that to With the Remote You the of to to the to the the to USB to the USB the and Wireless as the USB the or to Left-click Right-click
Then as follows: the or buttons to through the arrow buttons to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the arrow buttons to the where release the Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the arrow buttons the to the the the the or to clear the You the with USB Presenting With the Remote
You .JPG to with counts incrementing of If .JPG to correctly. The cant or CMYK .JPG You the Slideshow Presenting With the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight Shape and You of the shown the Select the and Press to from the Presenting Slideshow You Slideshow whenever USB that .JPG This and easily or slideshow of the You slideshow using the to .JPG as and them Copy that to USB memory or other USB Then the to the and You switch the from the the slideshow to another the Source Search or of the the To to the Slideshow Source Search and USB or the USB Starting Slideshow USB to the USB If connected to another the USB the to to the Slideshow
If connected to another the Slideshow appears automatically. that or rather than If necessary, the arrow buttons the to highlight the to from, then the button. If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and To the arrow buttons to highlight and To the or arrow To slideshow of the the the arrow to highlight Slideshow the of the Slideshow and The through. At the the Select the following as to or slideshow: To back highlight to Top the top of the Slideshow and To highlight Select the right of the and the To displayed the or the correctly. To slideshow from that highlight the and the the Then Slideshow from the that appears and To slideshow from the arrow buttons to highlight that then Presenting With the Remote
Presenting With the Remote If the the Slideshow highlight Next the of the and to the of Select Previous the top of the to the previous To the slideshow, and Selecting Slideshow Highlight Option the of the slideshow and You this Highlight the options to and Option displays Sort the first to the to first On displays slideshow continuously displays slideshow through switching finished, highlight OK the of the screen and (Highlight and to switch to displays the selected and switches them
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the and operation the security
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the arrow buttons the or the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the arrow buttons to through the of of the options or the selected highlighting the option to the arrow buttons to the to the to sub-screen. Press the or right arrow to To from or the or arrow to highlight the and
the the to and to the previous (or to the You the to Restoring the You the option to the the that To the to their factory-default the highlight and to confirm. the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Iris Press the the or and the You to of these: Computer/USB/USB the the or the
The the input selected. The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness. Select the then choose Normal or ECO (the Normal the the options as the and brightness You each of each Brightness or the the light and areas. the of the the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the the Select to the from K (red) to K Select to red, and and (Not selected as the Iris Automatically the to the brightness of the only when or Theater selected as the the input
Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) the options as this On to Turn off to to the and to to the the of the input If necessary, or Normal or ratio If using the interactive to of these or Aspect. the
You the to the Tracking, and the Tracking this to this appear or If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the arrow buttons to and Turn this to the Reduction Smooths rough You to to the when such as If the right the the the type of connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 Choose RGB or or that (with or or only) Select the the type of to the this PAL (then PAL60 Aspect the aspect ratio (ratio of to height). information.
You the to the buttons the and other features. the of the the or If that or the Sharpness the from to of the buttons the or of the buttons the information. choose from three information. from of brightness. The ECO reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the If using the interactive and the or to the
the Mic the microphone Remote Deactivates the front and/or that from the this to of the or to interference from bright lights. the this to shortcut to of the following items: Info Closed Caption Mic or the the the assigned item displayed. of the following: to of the to from the following or to information. to that the without You the to the and other To the the the
and You the to the the displays Direct On, closed captioning, or off, and other operations. or off. Background: the background to Black or when or of the when the turned A/V the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. Closed Caption closed captioning that as Projection Select to the front of when the mounted or Rear/Ceiling to from when the mounted upside-down. the
If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the the Direct On: to to the when the (without the button). the to off and to the amount of the the of the off automatically, from to High when using the to that the properly. Turn this off Communication On to the to and from when it (the light This allows to microphone connected to the when the USB Select to the USB Select USB to the USB to to the buttons wireless and Select to the and To the the the highlight and and then and
the Security To unauthorized of the Assign You the to the from turned and from the section. that and/or when the A/V pressed. The with to theft and to the should the buttons; this classroom when to that touches the while the the to theft locking Protection The the Follow these to Press the the to seconds. You this Select the type(s) of protection to If the to the the Also, to write the
If the the appear. It appears and the cord. the On Protect of the the and turned to the Select On then to to the Protect Protect and the from Select On then to to the Protect Network Protect of the from Select On then to to the Protect the arrow buttons to and to the and the and the to four the Press the then to the Turn off and the Starting the With the function this when and the the and the to the four
The and If the following: If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three with the The and the switches to the then the from the and the back the If the with the that appears the Where To If incorrect the and to service. Creating Screen You from or to the and then as You as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the
choose the previously You to Once to the factory the the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the the arrow buttons to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow to factor and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to
Choosing to the to as the the when theres or the when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Choose from these Background to to when there Screen to On to when the A/V to to when the A/V finished, to the the function, of the buttons, or of the buttons the The to the Press the highlight the and Select and the Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and Select and to the You these to them from without the
the Press the to To the function, the and the button the seconds. and the released. Security The includes security locking to its theft when or locations: Security You security as shown below to the to the mount security The security (located the of the with the MicroSaver security You purchase this from security Security
If to the interactive while through wired or wireless the USB from the to the Network his chapter to to to through wired or wireless Network Projection, shown screenincluding graphics, and to the Network Projection information features and You only) to and through the information and the instructions this chapter Connecting the to wired LAN the optional wireless LAN Wireless and wireless security options and the to the wireless the optional wireless LAN as Then follow the this chapter to Wireless only) or and the Network
the Network Projection instructions the software. The instructions the software to the If to the interactive while through wired or wireless the USB option to Wireless the information. Connecting to Wired Network With shielded, Ethernet the to and with IP You then from without the to or the to the LAN the as shown. the other to Ethernet or router. the the and the Network
Press the LAN the to as the Press the the the Network then Choose Network and Select the Wired LAN and IP and You screen the following: of the following: If assigns automatically, the DHCP the Network
the Network If network assign automatically, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To numbers, the arrow buttons the to each the then the finished the highlight then the Press to to the To the IP from appearing the the IP to these Complete and Then and to Press to the
the Optional Wireless LAN the optional LAN Turn off the and the the the cover the switch and the cover. the Network
the Network the wireless LAN as shown. security the using the screw that with the cover. If the optional USB (V12H005M005), Wireless as the section only). manually as screw
Wireless the optional USB the to wirelessly without the wireless as and turned the the USB to the USB that the information the USB the USB to USB or or the the Account Allow Follow the instructions the to the Wireless If Firewall to the firewall. through the If try restarting with the USB You to to wireless interface. You or the the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and to write to the USB or as memory The Wireless other wireless and the USB Wireless the Network
the Network Choose and You the following the If to highlight the text then the arrow the to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and To or highlight the option and highlight and If to using to the highlight and of to characters. highlight and
If to to the highlight and of to characters. highlight and If to security that only people who the as the Then when to to the displays or the If using Network Projection, the to the Network Projection these choose Complete and then choose and to Wireless the optional wireless LAN the Network software to to the and wirelessly or Access to the easy to and the with wireless or or or with or with this to other wireless to the only. Access the the and easily off the To wireless or or (or AirPort) station, and or with wireless or the Network Projection software as the Network Projection Operation To to the wireless XP, or OS to to to 54MB/sec (computer-to- to This of the Network
the Network the Press the then choose Network and Choose Network and Choose Wireless LAN and You this Wireless LAN to On You turn off to access. Select of the following easily to the You this when the optional Wireless USB Advanced the the and easily off of the This wireless or (or AirPort) station. If network the arrow buttons the to highlight then to Press to to the
Highlight SSID and the to assign to the or the of existing wireless (Advanced the arrow buttons to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and that the SSID the the type the the to the Select IP and of the following: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If assign automatically, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To numbers, the arrow the to each the then the button. finished the network highlight then the If to the SSID from the the SSID option to To the IP from appearing the the IP to Press to to the about please If AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP the Network
wireless the information. the Network these Choose Complete and then choose and to ready to the wireless as below. Selecting Wireless Network to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the Click to to the the Network Projection Selecting Network OS connecting to the the wireless network Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the
Security The includes WEP and WPA security options which the match the follow the from the following sections to security options WEP Encryption below WPA Security You to security from Network WEP Encryption Press the Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then You the following Press to Security, then WEP and Press to to the The authentication and firewall effective when the the the the Network
Text input WEP with with ASCII first. If that Text2 and then Text3. the Network the WEP or and Press to to the Format, highlight ASCII to text input or HEX to input, then Press to to the previous If chose as WEP Encryption, choose Encryption or Press to to the previous Highlight the Encryption that to the ID selected, then the arrow buttons to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the arrows and To or highlight the option and highlight and with and follow these WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. Authentication or Shared the Press to to the
these Choose Complete and then choose and to WPA Security Press Highlight Network and then Choose Network and Highlight Security then You the following Press to the then choose of the following and WPA-PSK (TKIP) WPA-PSK (AES) WPA2-PSK (TKIP) WPA2-PSK (AES) Press to to the previous Highlight the PSK and the arrow to then to input character. To or to and through the input highlight the and the Network
If the than characters, the from This to characters. the Network To or highlight the option and highlight and these Choose Complete and then choose and to Encryption from Network using the Network Projection software, follow these to Click options the Click the Select the Encrypt Click OK information, the Network Projection
the Software Once and the Network Projection instructions the following features: Network Projection the IP) Connecting to this the Press the the the Network then Choose Network and Choose then You the following Highlight On to notifications, then Press to to the previous the Network
If with which to the to If to Communication ON the the the (when the off). the Network the IP the SMTP the You from to each field of the the following IP used: to (where from to To numbers, the arrow the to each the then the finished the highlight then the the SMTP The You from to Choose of the and Then the and the of the that when or warning You to three You to characters the these Choose Complete and then choose and to the selected or warning to the specified The of the EPSON The includes the following information: The of the where the occurred The IP of the where the occurred of the
SNMP to the Network SNMP Network to Press the the the Network then Choose Network and Choose Others then You the following Turn the SNMP to IP the Trap IP You from to each field of the However, the following IP used: to (where from to To numbers, the arrow buttons the to each the then the finished the highlight then the Priority Gateway Wired or Wireless Press to to the If the SNMP option to IP This the the Network
the Network If AMX ON to allow the to AMX Discovery. these Choose Complete and then choose and to to the You to and the through the to than using the the as the should to Communication On to the using to the through and the IP of the to the If what the of the the and Info.-Wired LAN or Info.-Wireless LAN from the Network to the IP of the the leading
Press or, the Network and then You the following: Select of the options the then of the as These to those found the You the following using or the High and the and the protection the Network
the Network Remote the through This and of the as with the physical From the You the following A/V Page-up/down The the and off. The Search searches The selects (connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 The selects (connected to the or The LAN selects or wireless the optional wireless The USB selects USB or from connected to the USB such as The the Source Search LAN USB buttons Closed captioning
A/V temporarily off the and sound The buttons USB The buttons or the The CC (Closed Captioning) captioning that the Network
the Network
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the and that the and clean. or to the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the the Transporting the
the with or to or the thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Projection Clean the whenever or the To or smears the cloth cleaning Cleaning the cleaning, off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and and wring the cloth Then the
Cleaning the includes to the performance and investment. If collects the as clogs and overheating, which the Turn off the from the or office or the with (such as paintbrush). You the to both If the too or the as below. the You to the You the from The or torn You repeatedly to or To V13H134A27. information. the
the and the straight as shown. ABS resin, and polyurethane of to the or 800-GO-EPSON to V13H134A27. Turn off the and the cord. the switch, then the cover the of the
Press the clicks the The of the about hours the Normal and hours this ECO to the It to the when: The or to The the appears the and the light flashes To brightness and the as as You to the the light flashes red. or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L57. Turn off this when to the of the the
warning the cool the that the and should to injury. If the the should to the of the cover, If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as the Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. the cool least hour it The immediately the cover screw Then the cover off. the screws the cant them). these screws
the as shown and straight Gently the the then The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the
the cover securely cover when the back the its screws, then the it clicks the cover, then its screw. the as the section.
the the to the the Press the the or the You the Select the and You this Select and the and finished, to Checking To the of hours the used, the and highlight the Info You this: The information displayed the input currently selected. If the than hours, the hours as 0H the
batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to other than those specified this and of or and these of the reach of and If the charger with rechargeable batteries. To injury, the The of the about hours the Normal and hours this ECO the hours this to the of the To the batteries, the If the light the enough Battery light If to the AAA If rechargeable AAA batteries. Press the the cover as the cover off. batteries, the and as shown.
the cover and clicks the the the as below: Turn the Press the catch the as the cover off. AA batteries, the and as shown. the
incurred the the and clicks Transporting the The and Follow these to when the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights operation with the or sound with the interactive with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the the or the Press the the or the You the the arrow buttons the or the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the item and the To the the or If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off and Then the back and turn the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light light light to the following of the lights: light Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. The or You or the to Flashing or cooling or flashing There with the the to the
light(s) light(s) or Flashing Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clean. Flashing Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing If of these the as Flashing Flashing Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the The overheating, which the off automatically. the switches to (about there of around and the The clogged. Clean or the as to If the of High the If the to overheat the the the cord, and as The internal Stop the the and as There with the or Stop the the cord, and as The burnt First the cover securely installed. If thats the the clogged. Clean or the as to If this the the cool and then If the cracked, as If the cracked, If the If the of High the The Iris or the the cord, and as
Operation The If the when the the connected to the and The the from the and as If using the Direct On function and immediately the back the turn back Press the to the back The buttons the If the function cant the buttons the the instead, or and the seconds to release the You through the USB If the USB the first the of the following: Double-click or EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_USDE.EXE OS: Double-click EPSON_PJ_UD USB
If nothing the of the following: or or EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB OS: Click the USB the If the USB the Applications and USB USB the to USB the or EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB then clear the layered With the or Sound appears the that the light and flashing. the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the The attached or displaying the If from DVD or other turn and its
If from to the to only. If from or the You of the If through USB the USB the to USB With to the USB manually clicking or EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing the USB or EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB With OS X, the USB the If there USB the the USB the Applications and USB If and connected through USB (or through the using DirectX features, which supported. connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as If connected and or to the Source Search to the Allow seconds the to the the connected turned
If PC Press the function that It such as or CRT/LCD You to the while Allow seconds the to the or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Click or Click of the following: OS Click displays Other of OS the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or and the selected. The Supported displayed. the input selected the and or refresh the If necessary,
The and the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the option, then the Advanced option right-click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD connected and follow these Preferences Click or Click
of the following: OS Click displays Other of OS X: the VGA or LCD selected, the or then the selected. of the displayed. Press the the or the the the the information. Press the Aspect the or the Aspect from the the options. Press the the to the function. correct. the You to existing created them software information. If widescreen the necessary. If from with activated, turn off. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the isnt its the the
The or If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD the input selected the If using or with the the If the to the Sharpness the If from its with the If from the the to the and The There or smears the Clean the as the the the to reduce the amount of correction required. If from to the tracking and as the section.
You the to It with through the of the used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the or the the to the Tracking, and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. Press the or option the the options.
If the and the You try the and the the Brightness and the the to the The to replaced. instructions. the input selected the that to the and connected securely. Nothing appears The that connected through the Computer1 or Computer2 There sound, or the sound enough. the to the or the the A/V (Press the A/V to If includes the turned the or muted. to this clicking the right of the On to the from (top right of the or the function
If using DVD or other the connected correctly, as If microphone connected to the Mic the connected securely and the Mic the correctly. information. With the Interactive You the found when to the Interactive the USB securely connected to the and and reconnecting the to If the enough If and restarting the Interactive You the Interactive If the or the OS), of the following: the from the CD Software Interactive Function. or Interactive OS, the Application then the Interactive If the the USB securely connected to the and disconnecting and reconnecting the to
The nothing the the and the interactive the the cover to from the the enough If the light the when the to the If through wired or wireless the USB option to Wireless the the lights and off lights. the and the sunlight or other of bright the USB securely connected to the and and reconnecting the to The to operation, the to the The If the the to the the to the the should correct. You to the cover to from the
If the flashing appear, the VGA and USB securely connected to the restarting the Interactive as If the flashing and (or they flashing and automatically), or off bright lights the If or the following You turned protection without first using the If incorrect too and write the and as Network You cant Wireless You to to You cant to the using Network Projection. the connected, as If using the optional wireless LAN correctly the as shown
and correctly; the or the If the optional wireless LAN that wireless On the the the wireless or of the Network Projection (You should that the ready to If to Network Projection. If the Access and using DHCP, allow to appear. It the while to the IP If or or restarted allow or the to appear. If AirPort, turning off and then that trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and connected to the SSID as the On the the top of to turned and the right selected. If or and DHCP, IP the Access advanced The first three of the IP should to the first three of the IP of or station. The of the IP should to the of the IP of the or station.
If DHCP, the Access advanced It should to the IP or station. If each the off and then the the LAN screen and the If AirPort, the of the station, and Click the Network If to DHCP Distribute IP and IP If and DHCP turned off Access advanced IP off. If Access and connecting to the interference from another or station, then Network Projection. If AirPort, the SSID should match the the of the station. To the the station, and Then The appears the If prompted when the WEP WEP You when the the Network To when the to to Communication On the
With the Remote The to commands. the the receiver. within of the and within and from the front or back receiver. The correctly or To the the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. If cant the turn off of the receivers the the receivers both turned off to the causing to Release the to the If to the as wireless (or to through USB the to Wireless Also, connected the USB
Where To these technical services: the US or to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply.
please the following information ready: Product (BrightLink Product (located the of the and the Info of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Software Technical If included RM Easiteach and or the following www.rmeducation.com/support/et. www.rmeducation.com/easiteach other software please as Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active (WXGA) Light (brightness) Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light ratio Normal with Iris turned the to inches to to inches to to front or mount sound aspect ratio ratio
selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the Technical Specifications ECO Normal correction UHE High Efficiency E-TORL hours (Normal hours (ECO V13H010L57 Remote AA Height inches inches inches Approximately without plate Approximately with plate Rated AC supply to VAC to to ECO Normal (Communication On)
to ECO Normal (Communication (Communication On) to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to High the and United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950-1 Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible This the high and To from the refresh thats with the to the The of allow to correctly; DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Computer, and Refresh VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 WXGA60 WXGA75 WXGA85 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 WXGA160 WXGA260 WXGA+60 WXGA+75 WXGA+85 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 UXGA60 WSXGA+60*
Computer, and Refresh MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV when as the Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light the its or while to the or back than that specified correction The should technicians mounting with this If apply to the mount to the screws from or or the the crack and the from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or the mount, to the screws from and or the where to or the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where exposed to or of through the or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle.
Notices the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which If the least inches of the and the the closed-in If or least of the to allow You to the and or to the the of the the of to F to C). Doing and to the the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the the shock. the when the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or frayed; or the or to or or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or
If the country other than where purchased the that country. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when disconnecting the to the when to with these fire or shock. the where the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the anything that become warped or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with the or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Notices
Notices FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
Software Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL please the of These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools PWC950 SDK The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to Notices
of software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the means the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the Notices
You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to stating that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the user to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or collective based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: Notices
Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software or, it with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this Notices
If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the integrity of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. Notices
If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> Notices
This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, output this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon, of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the of Notices
These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You it first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or Notices
of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or using shared library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to software only, the Notices
other to non-free of people to of software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those functions and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered only its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the Notices
You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to stating that the and the of You the whole of the to licensed charge to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function Notices
You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the which distributed the terms of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to If such only and and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the Notices
to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You of this If the displays copyright include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the user as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the Notices
It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. Notices
If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of software and of the and of software generally. Notices
NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU Notices
You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written Notices
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and Notices
This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software only the the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. arithmetic the it that as there the Notices
The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the Notices
There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: BraceySam Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or Notices
The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from distribution. Notices
If the would to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) rights This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to it and redistribute it freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from L. of MD5 (RFC This the MD5 RFC whose text The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted. Notices
The and author of L. Other authors noted the history that follows to Ghostscript; from RFC statically or Edited slightly TOC header rather than C++ from Martin This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, with and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. as this the of the copyright or otherwise to the or other this Software without written authorization. Notices
Notes This includes the software which the following of used) terms as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. Notices
"Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each hereby to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to import, and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and Notices
If the Work includes "NOTICE" as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Notices
Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You only own and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the Notices