4650/4750W/4770W/4855WU
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the to Additional Information Locations The 4750W, 4770W, and 4855WU include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of brightness (white light and light 4750W: to of brightness (white light and light 4770W: to of (white light and light 4855WU: to of brightness (white light and light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO Native of (XGA) 4750W/4770W: Native of (WXGA) 4855WU: Native of (WUXGA) connectivity Wired and wireless and of to or including HDMI, BNC, and DisplayPort and Easy-to-use and features from input and Direct On features and
Additional Optional and to the to the following To through its VGA to the BNC VGA-to-5-BNC or You purchase from or authorized To or A/V or purchase information. To with or purchase information. To or or You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized and through the HDMI To DisplayPort DisplayPort To with from commercially with or purchase information. To that includes DisplayPort, or to Apple topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP77) V13H010L77 (ELPAF45) V13H134A45 Wireless USB V12H005M09
Option or LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 Remote (ELPKC28) V12H005C28 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 IR (ELPST16) V12H007T16 3D (PL4855WU) ELPGS02A 3D (PL4855WU) ELPGS02B 3D (PL4855WU) ELPPL01 Universal mount ELPMBJF ELPMBP02 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA F3H982-06 VGA F3H982-10 VGA F3H982-25 HDMI AV22300-03 HDMI AV22300-06 HDMI AV22300-12 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 ELPSP10 AP-60 sound V12H329020 ELPSC80 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Service EPPFTPA1
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Option or Service EPPEXPA1 Service EPPFTPA2 2-Year Service EPPEXPA2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as followed to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the to to (U.S) or
Locations and to technical hours instructions using the Network Projection If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear Interface topic: Introduction to
receivers lights cover Wireless LAN cover LAN light cover
Rear cover security topic: Locations AC input Interface HDMI topic: Locations
Interface 4650/4750W/4770W 4855WU
BNC RS-232C L-R HDMI DisplayPort Network LAN Service topic: Locations
Security Rear Screw cover Mounting foot topic: Locations
Source Search (searches connected arrow and displays the (selects options and when RGB from the or BNC arrow and displays Right arrow and displays the Info A/V the and or off) arrow and displays options topic: Locations Related Light
Remote
On off) Source input buttons function the and when RGB from the or BNC Aspect (selects the aspect (displays action) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless (splits the buttons through when from and buttons numbers) ID to buttons to ID switch or ID Remote to button information) (when switches buttons to function) buttons and of the to their the functions and wireless A/V off and sound) (selects
Search (searches connected Light (lights the buttons temporarily) light (lights when the Remote topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to Attaching and the Attaching and Removing the HDMI the Remote You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and topic: the You or the following
Rear Rear
to least inches of front of the and and, when inches of the If mount the to the the following to
Projection Can within the of the If from the the Inv Direction to On that the operations the match the commands. topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or You the Throw (U.S.) or Aspect Ratio or to inches to inches to inches to inches to
or to inches to inches to inches to inches to 4750W Aspect Ratio or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to 4770W/4855WU Aspect Ratio or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to topic:
Connecting to Sources Connecting to VGA You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that DisplayPort, or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with If or includes sound, input necessary. If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to DisplayPort and Connecting to BNC Connecting to Sound topic: You the to using VGA
Connecting to HDMI and To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the using optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to DisplayPort and the other to the HDMI The location of the the If hearing through the HDMI the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the HDMI the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Attaching and the HDMI If DisplayPort or DisplayPort to the optional DisplayPort the DisplayPort to DisplayPort or DisplayPort
Connecting to BNC the other to the DisplayPort The location of the the If hearing through the DisplayPort the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the DisplayPort the topic: Connecting to Sources You the to optional VGA-to-5-BNC the VGA to
Connecting to Sound the BNC to the BNC topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If includes sound and to the DisplayPort or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the or BNC
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the quality. the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI The location of the the If hearing through the HDMI the instead to sound. of optional to the and the other to Then the HDMI the
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source topic: Connecting to Sources Related Attaching and Removing the HDMI If to the optional to with the to usually or If using these to the BNC to the R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional to with the to usually or If these to
Connecting to Source the VGA to the Tighten the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional the to
Connecting to Source the other to the The location of the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional or A/V the with the to the other to the
Connecting to Source Sound The location of the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound You sound through the If the or BNC the to the using optional If the or the to the RCA If connected to the HDMI the with the sound. the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the or BNC the and white the other of the to the L-R topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Connecting to If connected to the or BNC to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to Communication On as the and On as the A/V the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the or BNC the to If the to the the topic: To the sound from the to self-powered You the the You the to with
Attaching and Removing the If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: You the cover that with to the attached from
the together or other provided). the cover the as shown, the through the notch the of the cover.
and the HDMI Tighten both cover screws. To the cover, both screws and the cover off of the topic: the You the HDMI that with to to the HDMI the HDMI
the Remote the of the anchor the the HDMI anchor the around the HDMI the the anchor and the the HDMI To the the and the HDMI Then the of the anchor and of the topic: the Related Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to HDMI Source The the AA that with the
only the type of specified this of types, or and the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Network SNMP Networked Browser You to through To this, the to and then and and the as the software from the Software CD or the software as necessary. the following software and to and network Network Projection software the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and Network software only) allows to LAN. the Network instructions. You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the using the Network software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T network To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN The location of the LAN the topic: Wired Network Projection from the network the using its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the
to characters the to characters the the to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the the arrow buttons the To highlighted
Wireless Network Projection To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network You to through wireless To this, the optional wireless LAN and then and wireless projection. If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the using the EasyMP Network Projection software without the the optional wireless the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless projection: Network software wireless projection. the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security topic: the Network Related Optional and
the Wireless LAN To the wireless the optional wireless LAN other type of wireless LAN the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the screw the wireless LAN cover, then the cover. the wireless LAN the
Wireless Only) the wireless LAN cover and the screw the cover. and the topic: Wireless Network Projection Related Optional and You the Wireless USB to to the wirelessly. Then and the when the wireless LAN Turn the Press the LAN the
You screen this: that SSID and IP displayed, then the wireless LAN from the the Wireless USB the the wireless LAN You that the information the USB the wireless LAN the
Selecting Wireless Network Manually the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If to the firewall this the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection from wireless the the its Turn the Press the
the Network and Network and Select the and
the following basic options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless
LAN LAN topic: Network Projection Wireless LAN On wireless LAN Selects the type of wireless Advanced to or the optional Wireless USB to selects the the wireless LAN LAN the type of wireless LAN the connecting to SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS IP DHCP On or Advanced DHCP network IP assigns automatically, or off DHCP the IP Gateway and as SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the and the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the
Wireless Network Security turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Network You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WEP WPA security with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and
Security Select the security as necessary to match selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the Security WEP and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless WEP Encryption WEP security, selects the type of WEP security, selects the Format ASCII input HEX ASCII text input ID to WEP security, selects the WEP ID Encryption to characters the selected WEP ID selected WEP Encryption and the Encryption Format WEP HEX input ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F) ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F)
Network Authentication WEP security, selects the type of WEP authentication Shared Passphrase from to WPA-PSK or WPA2-PSK characters security, selects the the topic: Network Security You the to the there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Turn
Network the IP the SMTP option. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network
SNMP Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to If the Priority If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected.
the Broadcast the software. If to the If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the using the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or If to Communication On to and the the turned or connected to the the IP the browser's and the You the To the of the and follow the instructions. To remotely, the Remote option.
You this: selection A/V and Closed Source search off Select the to the function to topic: the Network Related
If the and the and browser. You the or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and and to the If wirelessly, the the Advanced If to the when the turned off, to the the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and the to On to allow the to detected. the Broadcasting the software. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and connected to the the IP the browser's and the
You this Select the input that to the Sources You through the and arrows the To remotely, the buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Screen the Position the the Height the with the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the the and Turn the or to the the If the Source Search the the the input when
the to the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the On the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary).
Turning the Press the Source Search the or the Search the to the topic: Related turning off the to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the the If shutdown the the or the the (To the other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing topic:
Selecting the the the If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: You the to match the aspect ratio of the to the Turn the and Press the Select the and
the Select Screen Screen You this Select aspect ratio and Press the to the the aspect ratio the necessary. topic: You the there the of the and the You the the to 4750W, 4770W, or 4855WU), or Turn the and Press the the and Select
the arrow buttons the or to the of the finished, the topic: You to the without or The the to the type with the Turn the Press the the or the arrow the
Press the or right arrow the or the to through the the as necessary. Press the to the topic: Related the You the following while the displayed.
the Correction topic: If the directly front of the the of the using the Follow these when to the the than where to and then the This the from the and their the turning the the and Turn the and Advanced RGB RGBCMY ID
the as shown to release the Turn the and the to the of the as necessary.
4650/4750W of when the 4750W) You the to both the and
4770W/4855WU of when the finished, the as shown to the topic:
the If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and To the the front foot to or If the the to their If the to the topic: Related Related
Shape Correcting Shape with H/V You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the Correcting with H/V Correcting with Corner Correcting with Correction Correcting with Correction topic: You the H/V to the of that the Turn the and You to the the Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and Select the and Then You the
the arrow buttons the or the to and correction and to the as necessary. finished, correction, slightly topic: Shape Related Related
Correcting with Corner You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the Press the Select the and Select the Correction and
Correcting Shape with Correction Select the Corner and Then You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow to the as necessary. finished, topic: Shape Related Related You the Correction to the or of the of Turn the and You to the the Press the
Select the and Select the Correction and the Correction and Then You the Correction
Correcting Shape with Correction the arrow buttons the or the to the or of the to Then Press the arrow to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Related You the Correction to the Turn the and You to the the Press the Select the and Select the Correction and Select the Correction and If You this Select the Correction and
Select the of to and If to the of the the and the arrow buttons the or to to the the that to Then The from to the arrow to the You to or the and to the Press to to the and another to correct, necessary. finished, topic:
the with the Focusing the the Related Related Turn the and To or reduce the the topic: Related Turn the and
Remote To the the topic: Related The the from anywhere the to You the front or of the
that the the receivers within the feet to using the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the topic:
Selecting Source Related the Remote If connected to the such as and DVD player, to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary. of the following: Press the Source Search the or the Search the the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the
Projection the the Remote BNC DisplayPort HDMI SDI HDBaseT topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from the top-to-bottom and to from the and the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and
the Projection the the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the the and
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related Quality You the aspect ratio of the displayed to the the the aspect Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the
Aspect Ratios The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio Related the You the following aspect the selected and the input from Black and or stretched aspect the aspect ratio and of input aspect or Normal, Native* or Normal, Native or Normal, Native when or from connected to the HDMI Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the aspect ratio of the input aspect aspect the of the the aspect using the of the and the aspect ratio of the that the of the
the Aspect ratio Native as (aspect ratio and that the of the projected. topic: Aspect Ratio Related the The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary.
Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre bright Sports bright DICOM SIM photographs and other from (reduces the tone when RGB when the input or when the input or The DICOM SIM reference only and should to
Turning On Iris topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when using Closed Caption Press or to the topic:
the with the the and You the the to the as with The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You the and the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the and
You this: Select the and the displayed to the and finished, topic:
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security 3D to Memory and Scheduled You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the stopped, this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V topic: Related
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security using shared On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the Protection from the or Selecting Security to the to
topic: Security To security, the the about seconds or this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and Press and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the
Selecting Security of the and it topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the about seconds or the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and To to the or Protection On and to the to the to the topic: Security
to the If and On Protection to whenever the You the to the Press and the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to to the
to Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and You selection the arrow the to surround the to as the and
You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor and You to the as the Select and You Press to the the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V button, A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them.
Security topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the to lock. or purchase information. the security the to and to or heavy through the security when mounting the or topic: Security Related Rear You the to from to each other. You the using the or the
While the other and to both Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and To the the Screen option, and to the input the appear the choose the
the ID To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the To the the or topic: You the from or to Follow the instructions these sections to and from the of the Projected From Matching the Colors the Tone Uniformity) the Convergence topic: You To this, assign to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the to each other. least inches of the to them from overheating. the ID the Remote ID topic: If to from each ID. Press the
the ID Select the and Select the and Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. the ID switch to On
the of the Projected From the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. If the ID, the ID and the to temporarily the ID the If the of the the ID to its topic: If to the of from the the You to the the the physical and to the the and features. turning the the and the the Correction topic: Related
the Colors You match the of that to each other. Multi-Projection or 3D 3D 4855WU only) the Brightness and match exactly the below. Press the Select the and Select the and the and You this Press to the and the the to and the ID to match the Access the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the lighter and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the lighter to the the Brightness Correct. and the the Correct. G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the
the Tone Uniformity) If to match these to to and topic: You the Uniformity to manually the tone the Press the Select the and Select the and the Uniformity and Select the and Press the right and arrow buttons to the then
the Convergence Select the and Press the arrow buttons to the of the that to and Select the or to and the arrow to the tone and the right arrow to strengthen the Press and each to finished, the topic: You the to manually the (the of the red, and the Allow to least to and the the The should least inches
and the should or textured; otherwise the to Press the Select the and Select the and Select the and Press and On Press Select the Select and choose of the following: to the to the You only the or the Press Select the and
Select the to and Select and You this the arrow buttons the to the the of the highlighted the Press the to to the of the finished each of the
3D to Memory and You this of the following: If correct, and to to the If intersection and and the arrow the to highlight the of the that and to the this as necessary. topic: optional and 3D to and 3D 4855WU). the instructions with the optional and the 3D from the and of the 3D topic: You each of and then the whenever to them. Turn the and
Press the Select the and the Memory and You this Select of the following Memory with Memory to memory with memory that already indicated previously memory overwrites the with Memory the selected memory Memory memory Press to topic:
You commands to and them as Press the button. Select the and Select the and The appears. the and Select New and the section, the to (Select that to the section, the and the to finished, and To the Select and to Scheduled Editing Scheduled topic: You currently Press the Select the and Select the and
Editing You this: The boxes the the following about the Reoccurring Communication on/off topic: Scheduled You currently scheduled Press the the and Select the and
You this: Press the or right arrow buttons to highlight the the containing the scheduled to Press the or arrow buttons to highlight the to and Select of the following: On/Off or the selected the the selected Clear the selected New scheduled finished, and and to To scheduled and topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
You the the Press the or arrow to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the
Quality the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the and that the of the of and Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of
to the tone based Advanced options the and of the Iris On the based the when selected The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Related
Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input detected Normal the option Tracking Varying to
Varying to or right the location the 3D 3D 3D when from 4855WU only) whether to interlaced-to-progressive fast-moving Reduction Reduces NR1 Processing to NR2 NR On the or artifacts around the of that caused the of MPEG Processing to the to match the of the Normal connected to the DisplayPort Expanded and HDMI graphics, and
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- height the selected input the ratio to the or Processing displays DisplayPort EQ the input the connected to the DisplayPort the to reduce interference or other RGB corrects corrects higher
topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features.
Correction the Corner H/V manually Correction the of the Correction and the and displays while to the Screen options or to locking to the buttons the Corner to the of the four corners Correction to the or of the and Correction to and finely the buttons
Normal Selects the of the Interlock Normal ECO brightness Varying the of the Remote Front/Rear reception of the selected receiver; off receivers Rear Assigns option to the and the one-touch to the the or right arrow the or the to through the or to Memory Memory of to memory Memory Memory Memory Interlock the the surrounding too high operation ECO reduces brightness and and and
topic: the the that its operation. the this topic Closed Caption of and selects the closed CC1 type CC2 NTSC connected through the or Creates that the displays to and security
Selects the the the the oriented correctly Rear the the topic A/V A/V Selects and A/V this to and to when the turned to this Communication On this to allow the following operations to when the Rear Select the to to when the to RGB from the or BNC which selected when the Selects to output and the and to (A/V to On
Select options when from ID the and brightness of each operations to pre-scheduled Selects the and displays option) Selects the of the the whether displayed the Background Selects the or to when received whether appears when the A/V Selects the or to when A/V turned ID the to ID which allows to to individually
Notice when the the aspect ratio and of the to the type of Corrects the Uniformity the tone Operation Direct On the when Automatically the of inactivity the the off turned A/V On to On the off when using A/V High the operating Normal Select Normal to the that with the or to selecting the that with the
Network Network Inv Direction this the to invert the buttons Source Search Automatically the that input when the turned A/V Release A/V Select A/V to the A/V to off A/V or to to off or off the that played when the or off the and topic: the the Network information and the and
Info Wireless LAN wireless and Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related Wired Network Wireless Network Projection SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP MAC
Information Info You information about the and input the Info the The hours the least hours. the input Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service
ID Information item information about that service the ID the ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and try connecting to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection 04FE The Network unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FF occurred. Turn the off and then
ID and with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network Communication the Network topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the
You the to when the the option, or the and the Memory the Memory option. You the following using the option: Network items Hours Uniformity topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the periodically, and the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the topic: and Transporting the Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to impacts; or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the the topic:
Cleaning the You to the the following The or You to clean The light flashes Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the of the each of the to to off force when the or crack and become the or or to the or and the optics or other areas.
the front of the (the with the to If to or the the the back the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and Related Light
the You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover and the cover.
the of the of to regulations. the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and
the Related Light Optional and The track of the of hours the and this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Light Optional and the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour.
the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover, and then the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. removing to injury. the screws the to the The screws the
the its and of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the the If easily, facing the right
the assembly to the and the screws to the and the screw to the cover securely or the
the the to to of the topic: Related Optional and Related the You the the to clear the and to track of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select and You to the
the Remote Select and Press or to the topic: Related the The AA or the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and batteries. the as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the it with cloth and the If them immediately to
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related references Remote
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the connected to the the to the lowest the protective that included with the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection the these sections the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Network Not Where to If the properly, try off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic:
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light light light light light light and light Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or
light light light and light Flashing or the light to the Flashing Flashing too that the and with or overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
light light light and light Flashing to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. On Flashing It to the On Flashing through the that the and with or On to the securely installed. through the that the and with or If operating the high High If the the and Clean or the If the the and that the and with or Clean or the If the the and
the light light light and light On Flashing The its and to to the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing or Turn the off, and Flashing The flow Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the Press the the You the
or Sound Appears the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic: If appears, try the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or Press the If the to there with the connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal
Appears From PC the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from turn off DirectX connected to the DisplayPort the DisplayPort EQ the topic: or Sound If the appears, the following Press the Source Search or Search and seconds to appear. Turn the or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.)
From "Not Supported" Appears Appears If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the checkbox. topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, the to the lowest and then increase as necessary. topic: or Sound Related If only appears, the following Press the the to the selected the the used. the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to
the Not the or Static to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related references If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, the using the Correction topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting with H/V Correcting with Corner Correcting with Correction Correcting with Correction If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not to than or HDMI
the or Blurry the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the tracking and If the the and manually the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to If connected try without to caused interference the connected to the DisplayPort the DisplayPort EQ the topic: or Sound Related Supported Related From PC From If the or blurry, try the following the Clean the the enough to the and directly front of the the that the the Sharpness to If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from Turn off correction and the Corner
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic: or Sound If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely to the and If connected connecting shorter If using the ECO selecting Normal the the enough to the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search or Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the
or Remote to or Shut-Off the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If the immediately turning off, the cooling high momentarily and This topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the and the to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the turn the its and the turned the The the and topic: or Remote
to with the Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the lighting, sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with the Remote the to Normal the that with the If the another from topic: or Remote Related Optional and Remote
to Network Not Where to If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and to the the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to On the software the topic: If to technical services, the following options. (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or
hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported of Poly-silicon TFT active 4650/4750W reproduction to (XGA) 4750W/4770W (WXGA) 4855WU (WUXGA) F=1.50 to length: to 4770W/4855WU F=1.65 to length: to
Brightness Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO 4750W Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO 4770W Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO 4855WU Normal or Interlock White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
with Iris and Normal ratio 4650/4750W Projection Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio 4650/4750W (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal (with correction inches to inches 4770W/4855WU inches to inches inches to inches 4750W inches to inches 4770W/4855WU inches to inches 4750W/4770W/4855WU 4770W/4855WU (ECO (with
Specifications topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) 4650/4750W/4770W Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications 4750W 4770W/4855WU 280W 4855WU 260W to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches 4650/4750W/4770W (without cover) topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC 4855WU 4650/4750W/4770W to 4855WU to
to V) 4650/4750W/4770W to V) 4650/4750W/4770W topic: Technical Specifications Normal ECO 4855WU Normal ECO 4650/4750W/4770W 4855WU Normal ECO 4855WU Normal ECO 4650/4750W/4770W 4855WU
Specifications and Specifications Supported to F to C) Humidity (relative, to condensing) to to with High topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA to F to C) UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV
Refresh HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI and DisplayPort input 4650/4750W/4770W) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI and DisplayPort input 4855WU) VGA SVGA XGA
Refresh WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV when selected as the 4855WU only with VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input DisplayPort input HDMI input topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the near of heat, wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If using or least inches of the to allow You to clean the and or to the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or removing covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where it to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. the to the when the to the from becoming or The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or functional/precision should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Source Software CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. TM and TM and SM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON One The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things.
To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the Each as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee.
You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or,
with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and only the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the
If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright <year> of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when it interactive Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type
The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, Coon, of This incorporating If subroutine library, useful to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's reputation affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the of free restrictive
from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the occasions, there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this Each as
"library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the tool writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function
or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The
therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You of this If the displays notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the user as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this
If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already received of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this
If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries either or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally.
NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS How to Apply These to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG
The authors NO WARRANTY or or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the
that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW algorithm; the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the distribution, the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors
S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the and owner of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. as such, and as the software. This or from distribution. If the to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following of (only used) as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution."
"Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to import, and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such
Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally submitted inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the
that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester UK rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built using this software without written DISCLAIMER
This software 'as with or of its including, to, and/or This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this
Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Moshier Author: S. L. Copyright S.L.
to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, reliability, or otherwise; and the software, and own
IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. using Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. using Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov using Copyright (C) A.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
MIT This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT terms of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows.
TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET
This includes the software "TINET" which the and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP
Copyright Notice Copyright (C) of and National of Technology, JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products.
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each user to and of the copyright when using While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This information to without America, Inc. CPD-39100R1 topic: Copyright Notice