Specifications cover D4 (RS-232C) Select (selects options) Source (switches input lights foot USB Network HDMI TM AC (displays Aspect (switches aspect correction of of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) active with of LCD inches F=2.1 to to ratio Brightness ANSI or ratio cover to inches to Projection to to aspect ratio correction or other UHE High Efficiency) hours or hours other V13H010L28 AA Battery Height inches inches inches
Rated supply to V: to V: to F to C) (non-condensing) to F to C) to RH, to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN Positioning the You the these Rear from or overhead the selecting the option Rear/Ceiling and The of the the from the to the the and other the inches inches) inches) inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) inches inches) Projecting the height where its the top and of the This the and the to the If the or below to or to the the this (or the of the using the function
If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the farther to the or right than the of the or to (or You to the the Press the the then Cross-hatching You the to the of the You to of to the the below included): Supported RCA TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) A* VGA-to-BNC and RCA to each of the BNC B* as as HDMI HDMI TV (SDTV and HDTV) or as the the RGB. to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) If HDMI, to of the following (highest first): or or TV (SDTV and HDTV) TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM) connecting to the or the to the three terminals the to match the the and the VGA-to-BNC and RCA to each of the BNC the the to match them to the the Other to the to these (RS-232C), USB, or to of these to the software USB included. to the software connecting the USB the This DC when the turned and to or automatically. to the as shown. or RCA VGA-to-BNC
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, as as the and below. Format Aspect ratio SDTV HDTV Not RGB If from RGB the refresh thats with of the following The of allow to correctly. Format Refresh VGA VESA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 Turning the On and the to the and grounded Press the On the or the the The about seconds to If to the Turning the To off the the the (or the the the cool while the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the Turn the off when Continuous reduce its life. the without the and cool, or and reduce life. the You the to the from once and to children from the without Press the the the buttons to the then the and Choose from these options: to the from to the from to the the To the to the
Once the turned these functions to the Selecting the Source If the the Source the that to the to which connected. To the the connected to the Focusing and the To the sharpness or of the to to Press the the then Cross-hatching Press the or the or You this the arrow buttons to the If the to the while focusing the This the precisely. Press ESC when Inverting and Mirroring the If the or backwards, the Projection function to Press the the the buttons to the then the and Choose from these options: the located front of the the located front of the and mounted overhead. Rear the located the Rear/Ceiling the located the and mounted overhead. Selecting the If the or the the type of connected to Press the the the buttons to the then the and or the to which connected Choose from these that NTSC that HDTV RGB RGB from Performing Correction If the or the function to its If the or the off to the of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the To correction: Press the the the buttons to the then the and the arrow to the of the Press the when
Choosing the You the to the brightness, and the lighting Select the to with each Press the the Then choose from these with brightly with ordinary lighting. lighting; increases and tones appear Theatre lighting; the appearance of with Theatre Black that to the You the and other the or the software. the Choosing the Aspect Ratio the to which connected, to the when selected as the Aspect If the the when using the or to the aspect ratio yourself. using Normal Press the Aspect then choose from these Normal TV broadcasts, or aspect recorded to to the whole This stretches the right and of the the unchanged. recordings (anamorphic) Through than and to its without to the Through recorded than and to its
Aspect the which the displays the currently active The and aspect ratio below. TV Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Format SDTV HDTV RGB Format SDTV HDTV Computer RGB) Format VGA VESA SVGA XGA MAC13 inch MAC16 inch MAC19 inch Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Aspect Aspect Aspect Aspect
Lights If isnt correctly, first off, the warning light to steady and Then the back and turn the If this the the lights top of the They to light Light Action off the connected securely both then the to the If the the securely The You to off or the to flashing The about seconds to appear. The operating normally. flashing turned off the and cooling the light flashing, then the (or the to turn back the when the light flashing flashing High-speed cooling If the too off automatically. nothing the If it to overheat, the instructions right. The too and the turned off. then the nothing the If to overheat, the instructions right. flashing The to The to If the the cover securely flashing If the and/or light flashing red, there internal Turn off the the light to flashing, then from the outlet and light light Cleaning and the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and Turn the Then and other office to clean the If the such as paintbrush. If the to or the or and V13H134A04 If to the release the and the cover. the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
the The to hours or hours high brightness You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light red. The the appears the when the selected and or the United States V13H010L28 Warning: the cool the that the and should to injury. The mercury. Please and regulations or recycling, and the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Turn off the and the light to flashing, then the cord. If the cool about the screws the cover (they the and then the cover. the screws the the as shown and straight the and tighten its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover and its screws. (The the cover or the as the section. the to the the track of hours used. Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and Select the finished, the to The the least hours.
that to the of the and to the instructions and the to Remote Operations You to the the aspect or the offjust as from the then the Remote Click of the the options shown Select Remote Turn off the the the aspect ratio the Quality You of the to the Click the Quality Quality Then of these buttons to Click of the buttons shown to these the these Brightness Sharpness and Tone Tracking section) EPSON White Motion Detection Scaling Reduction
the You the to the of the Select Quality then of Select of the following then RGB the and each to shades, intermediate shades, and the lightest shades. RGBCMY the and each of as shown the below. Apply the (red, yellow) and Recalling Once the to the memory. Then the (or to them You or memory the Select Quality then Memory Click of the following: Select to memory the to memory to the of existing the the Optional the following optional Product (ELPLP28) V13H010L28 (ELPAF04) V13H134A04 mount ELPHB01 security ELPSL01 (includes ELPAP01 and ELPSV01 You purchase these from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Related CPD-17304 EPSON CPD- EPSON Service warranty instructions the There these to select, or memory SM SM