Notations Used This Indicates which or Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the "Appendices". Indicates operating and the of operations. The indicated should the of the numbers. Procedure or appears the of this to items which or optional to the
Unpacking the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. Remote (with cover) D- the to this first Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty Terms CD-ROM Reference A/V ESC (including CR2025 lithium battery) Soft carrying (with shoulder and carrying the connecting the to outlet
of the function the from the connected and that the people using the the obtained disconnecting and reconnecting the computers. manually. correction function corrected easily. This appear correctly when the Brilliant, attractive its the high with high of beautifully clear bright to The accessory operations such as and of function The selecting the from the following to the used. other necessary. Normal Meeting Theatre
of the C
the This chapter the the and Functions Rear....................................................................................................... Remote the Remote the and Remote the and Projection Connecting to Computers from the Sound from the Connecting to Connecting to Source Projecting Projecting Projecting Projecting RGB Sound from the
and Functions the Remote light- from the foot and to the Remote the accessory when cover when the to the from becoming or foot and to the (Warning) The and (illuminated/flashing) with the Flashes or lights to the operating of the Foot Another foot located the right Press both foot when and retracting the front
and Functions to the from other to the from other the RCA this from RCA (RS-232C) the to using RS-232C This service and should the from or Computer/Component from and from other The coloured the from to This The coloured
and Functions the and off. [Source] Switches the input the Computer/Component S- and each the pressed. while displayed, the item that currently selected. Press to while displayed, selects items the the to Press to the of the to the "W" the become to the "T" the become
and Functions Rear light- from the cover this cover when the the fixing the optional mount when the from the and other from the the the also. the Security
and Functions Remote buttons [Computer]: Switches the to the input from the Computer/Component Switches the input from the and the or the the of that the or displayed, these buttons items and the function, these buttons the around the and the this to to the when to "OFF". light-emitting A/V ESC item or displays the or while or [ESC] the function. the previous or while the and off. Selects the The the of Normal, Theatre, and each the pressed. the or the [A/V Momentarily off the and the of without the of the
the Remote the Remote and the the first the that from the the pulled the then used. the Remote The the following Procedure the light-emitting of the light-receiving the and the buttons. Remote light-receiving (front) allow sunlight or light from to directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the the the the that the the of the and straight Remote light-emitting A/V ESC ESC A/V Remote light-receiving (back) A/V ESC
the Remote the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the vertically vertically from the Approx. light-receiving A/V Remote light-emitting ESC Within A/V ESC
the The the following allowing to choose the the to first the Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty Rear Rear of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this The optional mount when the to the using the or "Rear the "Advanced" to match the
Screen and The the and the the Recommended While to the below, the that the than the The should as the The and the from of to of of about the and the The reduced when correction Screen of
Connecting to connecting the to to the following. Turn off the both the and the them. If the the of Check the of the and the the If to force to with or of to the or Computers The connected to of or of that the to the below. Condition The that the such as "RGB or "CRT which If the built-in or to the to the or alternatively to purchase to the heading such as "Connecting or further Condition The and of the the of Supported Displays". "Appendices: of Displays" allow to the necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays", while to the with the You to purchase the of the to the with the further If the and too from each other the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 PC "Appendices: Optional Accessories"
Connecting to from the the accessory to the Computer/Component the of the to the of the To the the to "RGB" the If than to the the [Source] the or the [Computer] the to the as the input the and the together, otherwise interference or operation Sound from the The built-in with of W. If the that connected to the sound from the through the the and the the of the (commercially-available). It that with (accessory) To Computer/
Connecting to To the following to the of the sound Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the the and to the The increased or reduced each pressed. the the to the (commercially-available) To Advanced About Select Advanced About Tone Select
Connecting to Connecting to the they the the with the to the to the the of the To to The correction and the and to the with
Connecting to Source the to other the following Turn off the both the and the them. If the the of the of the and the the If try to force to with or of malfunction or to the or RCA to the to the the of the To output (yellow) To If than connected to the the [Source] the or the the to the as the input RCA (commercially-available)
Connecting to Source Projecting (commercially-available) to the to the the of the To If than connected to the the [Source] the or the the to the as the input Projecting the optional to the to the Computer/Component the of the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" To (commercially-available) To (optional) To Computer/
Connecting to Source the the to or the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Computer] the to the input to or the type of input. RGB RGB when RGB that protection input and the accessory to the to the Computer/Component the of the To RGB To Computer/ the the to "RGB" the RGB or might required. (accessory)
Connecting to Source Sound from the The built-in with of W. You sound from the through the built-in the and the (RCA the of the RCA (commercially-available). To the following to the of the sound Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the RCA (commercially-available) Advanced About Select To Tone
Connecting to Source the and to the The increased or reduced each pressed. the the to the Advanced About Select
Operations This chapter operations such as turning and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Turning On the and Turning the the the the Correcting Distortion.......................................................... the Quality.............................................37 Focusing the the Tracking...................................................................................... the Selecting the
Turning On the Turn the to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Connecting the Procedure that the turned off the and connected to the the or other to the the cover. the accessory to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to earthed the lights The and buttons operated while the flashing
Turning On the Turning On the and Projecting Procedure that the flashing and Turn the connected to the the the to playback necessary. Press the the or the to the the The flashes and flashing and the lights normally about seconds to The and buttons operated while the flashing the the appear. from flashing to A/V ESC Remote
Turning On the If than connected, the or the buttons to the which the that would to connected to, while to the following to top-right of [Computer] The Computer/ each [Source] pressed. The items selected the command the appear. If connected, the from that without to of the from the previous If the the If or with LCD connected to the the straight the that the to externally. The following shows of to to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or NEC IBM If the of the become the You should leaving the displayed A/V Remote the that Mirroring active
Turning the Follow the below to off the the Procedure Turn off the the that connected to the that the connected turned off. Press the the or the The following appear. Remote OFF? Please to off If to off the the If the seconds. (The off this Press the once The switch off. The and cool- The cool-down about seconds. (This factors such as the The and buttons operated while the flashing lights steadily. that the cool-down cool-down the lights A/V flashing and lights
Turning the the from the the from the outlet while the flashing otherwise operation and reduce the operating life. the front they Gently the while the foot buttons. the cover. the cover to the when using the to the from or dirty. Foot buttons cover
the You and the to the the The of the basically the from the to the If further the the to the Minor to the to ratio of to The function of the Procedure Press the the to the [W] the become to the [T] the become
the Screen the The should that as to the as from the from of If to the that to the instead. You or the front to the within of Procedure While the foot buttons the front of the that the front the front the obtained, and then release the foot buttons. To the front the while the foot buttons. the foot the to become distorted. the correction function to this Foot buttons
the If the the of the front to the foot Correcting Distortion the to appear the this corrected using the correction function as as the of within of Approx. below
the Procedure correction using the or the The following to the the If the of the If the top of the elongated elongated correction the become The correction when the turned off. If the or of the to the If the become appearance correction the sharpness If the displayed the the when correction that the correction exceeded. that the which the
the Quality The of the as follows. Focusing the Procedure Turn the to the Turn the of the the If the of the or as of to the correctly. If this or the If the the of to the If the the the of the from the connected and these that the obtained. It of the following three items: Tracking Position and If the to "OFF" (the this item "ON"), If the the while projected, then Remote ESC
the Quality If the while the or function or while or displayed, the function when the and then the the correctly the type of the such the commands to the tracking and manually. the Tracking If appear the and this using to the tracking manually the following Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the Press the and buttons to the tracking The tracking increases or each pressed. the the to the The when tracking this Advanced About Select Advanced About Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF
the Quality the If or interference appear that input from the and this using to the manually the following Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the Press the and buttons to the The increases or each pressed. the the to the If the without the tracking first, to the Incorrect tracking noticeable with of with of and to incorrect clearly, to the tracking first. It to and the brightness, sharpness and correction Advanced About Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Select Advanced About Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Select
the Quality Selecting the The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily the selecting the that to the The brightness of the which selected. Application to the If the connected both the and the connected to Normal Brightness bright Meeting their tints, with Theatre tints. Brightness bright Procedure The as follows each the the pressed. Normal Theatre The appears the top-right of the each the The "Normal" when input, and "Theatre" when or input. The the the A/V Normal
Advanced Operations This chapter the of and to the Functions Enhancing Projection................................42 A/V Projection of and the Aspect the of "Advanced" "About" the
Functions This section the that to A/V This function momentarily the and sound. when to of operations such as selecting while projected. this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where the function activated. Procedure Press the [A/V the The and sound then Press the [A/V the to the and sound momentarily of the following of appears the "A/V the A/V
Functions This function the The sound without The back the while and to from the where Procedure Press the the The then To the the or the [ESC] Pressing the clears and The function while the function used. this the function the A/V Remote
Functions Enhancing Projection of and the Aspect Ratio) This function the aspect ratio of from to when and or or which recorded or Procedure Press the the and then "Aspect from the this operation, to the Press the and buttons to the aspect ratio to or and then the the the to the Advanced About Select Advanced About Select Brightness Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio Brightness Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio
Functions Enhancing Projection This function and reduce of such as and Procedure Press the the indicating the the to appear the the to the of the that to or reduced. Press the and buttons the to the pressed, the with the as its pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the bottom-right of the You around the the and buttons. To the the [ESC] The selected to of ESC Remote ratio
the Functions The to of and The hierarchical with that which further other The to the to the the Advanced About Select of Functions The functions the from and while input. The functions which appear the the type of input the Functions which the input Advanced About Position Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness RGB YUV( ON OFF Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Select [Normal
the Functions Function the vertically and Press the and the using the that appears. Tracking when appear the when or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness or You the the tracking first and then the Brightness the brightness. the light and the Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness bright using their tints, with Presentation: Theatre tints. Brightness emphasised. bright Selects the input to used. Select "RGB" when or RGB Selects whether the function when the input ON or OFF. Normal ON
the Functions Function the the to their Press the to the and Select to to their *If to the the the "Advanced" to 6500K. Advanced About Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio Select Function the vertically and Press the and the the that appears. Brightness the brightness. the light and the (Not RGB the intensity the (Not RGB when or NTSC input.) the tint. Sharpness the sharpness. Advanced About Select RGB YUV( [Theatre Select Brightness Sharpness Select Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio
the Functions Function Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness bright their tints, with Theatre tints. The white function operates that and of that or bright, to them to Brightness bright when input.) Selects the input to used. when input.) the Press the and choose the from the selection which appears. to the automatically. Aspect Ratio the the and to their Press the to the and to to their *If to the the the "Advanced" to 6500K. the aspect ratio Theatre
the Functions Advanced About Select Function the Tone the Selects the input The the type of input and RGB input Computer; input Therefore, input to from the to the Computer: input to the input to the RCA the to their Press the to the and to to their The individually each input
the Functions Advanced About Function Corrects correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness the and background such as when input. to "OFF", the background becomes and displayed. Prompt whether the input ON the or when the input whether the ON Prompt the or when the A/V the when the [A/V Black the pressed. the when input. to "ON", and then the cool-down finished, the to operations while the displayed. (The lights when the the or the pressed. OFF Black Prompt ON OFF ON OFF Prompt A/V Black ON OFF ON
the Functions Function the functions to their Press the to the and Select to including the and menusto their "Advanced" Select [English] Advanced Rear About ON OFF Function the displays. Press the and the from the selection that appears. the and intensity of each RGB each input bright within from to bluish If the lower, appear and tones appear If the higher, appear bluish and tones appear Press the and the the that appears. RGB ON OFF English
the Functions when from to "ON", the when the to to "ON", the and vertically the "Advanced" functions the to their Press the to the and Select to including the and to their RGB the each RGB (red/ the Press the "R" (red), "G" or "B" and the the that appears. You the while the the (This item selected selected as the the OFF OFF
the Functions "About" The "About" shows the the The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of hour. Computer/RGB 0H Source Advanced About SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate Select Function the operating the reached, the characters appear red. the operating this selected, the operating to the Source the input which currently the input appear when the input or the appear when the input or RGB the and appear when the input or SYNC the polarity. Polarity appear when the input or RGB Advanced About Select 0H Source 0H
the Functions Function SYNC the attributes. appear when the input or the input appear when the input or Refresh Rate Advanced About Select Function items to their Press the to the and Select to the the items each The and to their the refresh appear when the input or
the Functions the The operated the only. Procedure Press the the The displayed. Select Press the or to to item to selected. Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of The selected then displayed. Select Press the or to to item to selected. The items appearing the and the "About" the type of input projected. A/V Remote Advanced About Select [English] RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF Select [English] RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF
the Functions Select Press the and to the commands which ON/OFF the and buttons to the and then the items which another to displayed when they selected them. If such items and the then the the which appears. to of the of each Select other items the to to the other items. To to the [ESC] the Press the 8000K
Troubleshooting This section to and what to found. the Trouble Indicator.................................................................................... (Warning) the
the If with the the function on-screen displays to the It of and Procedure Press the the The displayed. Select If the the Select buttons function as the and If using the the and buttons to Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of the operations and to through the to items. You the the If the function to the to or the ESC the the sound selection If the the the from the outlet and Select A/V ESC Remote appears the The distorted. The displayed the of too too The of the The too The Select
Trouble If with the first the The with the following These to with operation. Warning The following what the and to that they or (Not The should disconnected when the this Press the to Cool-down (Not Please The cool-down about seconds. The Press the cool- (Not Warm-up (Not Please Warm-up seconds. the flashing to steady flashing
Trouble (Warning) or High internal (overheating) with the from the and then the and If the Then the and the the or the to turn the back If the using the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty The off and about without operating the about the and then the following that the and clear, and that the If the should cleaned. the back the to its previous the the or the to back If the to overheat the checked, or the when the turned back the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" World-Wide Warranty Terms flashing
Trouble If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the previous or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the or further If the yourself, to of the replaced.) that the and the securely If the or cover securely the switch Stop the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms High-speed cooling (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which and that the and clear. Clean the
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear of or distorted) of the displayed (Large/small) The right appear (Nothing appears) appear appear appear appear purplish sound heard The The off the turned off and then straight back the turned off cool-down the buttons the and the cool-down finished. You then the buttons. active? to "ON", the off operations while input. The lights this the the brightness correctly? "Brightness" A/V active? the completely input such as completely input? If the to "OFF", displayed. to or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. of the
the appear appear) "Not Supported." of or distorted) The of the of The whole of Check the which to the of the from the to the with the and of the from the the connected correctly? the input match the connected the [Source] the (or the [Computer] or the to the the the or turned If or with LCD connected to the to the to the rather than to the Normally to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or the correctly? the cover attached? the front that the too If the too the of vertically. the the The recommended from the to the within the that the within this
the interference the to the the the If the from to the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the turn off the and the to the "Tracking and correctly? If the the to "OFF", the the to these If the correctly using the function and the the manually using the respective the correct? If or RGB connected to the the command the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the the to the the connected correctly? the selected? the that the that with this to the with the the "Tracking and correctly? If the the to "OFF", the the to these If the correctly the function and the the manually the respective used? If used, interference the the accessory and this
the of the displayed (Large/small) of the displayed the correct? If or RGB connected to the the the to the which matches the If or connected to the the the to the the correct? the to the of the the "Aspect Ratio selected correctly? the "Aspect the to the aspect ratio to the function to the Press the [ESC] the to E- the correctly? the command the to the selected? the that the that with this to the with the the the or with LCD the that the the whole of the or the to only. the If activated the of the connected the about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further
the The right appear the brightness correctly? "Brightness" the connected correctly? the correct? If the the to or when connected, the appear purplish. If or RGB connected to the the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the the to the the correctly? "Contrast" the correctly? "Advanced" the intensity and correctly? (The exactly match the the the or LCD this and the of "Color", "Tint" the the nearly the become and the become this the should with the the nearly the become and the become this the should with the brightness correctly? "Brightness" the correctly? "Contrast"
the appear appear purplish sound heard. The A/V ESC the input match the from the connected If the the to "RGB" when connected to the the appear If the to or when connected, the appear purplish. Select the the connected the connected correctly? the input selected? the the to the input. sound from the the the the to the A/V active? The A/V Press the [A/V the to the A/V the light-emitting facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the and vertically. the too from the The operating the sunlight or light from the light-receiving the
the The off the pressed) there the the the correctly? The This that the when the turned off. The switch off when the from the The cooling the to off the the cool-down this, the to steady and then the from the The cool-down about seconds. The the
This chapter information procedures to the of performance the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the Battery.......................................................................................... the the the Optional Accessories........................................................80 of ESC/VP21 Commands...........................................84 Command Communication of Supported Displays.................................86 Computer...........................................................................................................86 Specifications Appearance........................................................................90
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty cleaning. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the Turn the and to the from the If the to or should replaced. with The should when the replaced.
This section to the battery, the and the the Battery the following type of as CR2025 lithium to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the battery. Procedure the While the catch of the the the and the battery. the of the the to that that the the the the clicks. of with regulations. Catch New battery
It to the when: The appears the seconds when displayed. the (Warning) flashing The or to The warning to appear about hours of to the and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The warning appears about hours of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready Flashes
the If the and to replaced, there the that the when If the of that to the should that the and the the cooled sufficiently the cover. It further hour the cool-down finished the to enough. Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the cooled and then the cover from the of the It hour the to cool the cool- finished. the recess, and straight to the cover. the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the or screwdriver to the fixing screws that the to the
the the the to and from the the the that the to the and then the and the fixing screws. the cover. the cover from the and then clicks the securely. If the cover the off as the the or the cover correctly. with The should when the replaced. of properly with the The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. Therefore, the counter to the with You this the the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly.
Procedure the and then the the or the to the the Press the the The displayed. Select from the "About" and then the and then the The operating then A/V Remote 1400H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate YES NO
the Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the recess, and straight to the the the cover from the and then clicks of properly with
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of October of to without Soft ELPKS16 this to the hand. ELPLP19D as screen ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect ratio VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 to the to VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 this the accessory too ELPKC19 to Remote ELPST07 This the as the accessory mount ELPMB11 when the to ELPFC03 inches)/silver) ELPFP04 ELPFP05 inches)/silver) ELPFP06 when the to high or with ELPDC02 ELPDC03 ELPDC04 when OHP and of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this
Following of of the terms this which or which the text of this Further information obtained to other commercially- publications. Aspect ratio The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM The and which the to The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of Cool-down The cooling the the the or the to turn off the the off, the cooling operations The of that this the "cool-down The cool-down about seconds. The the sound Normal which which to this and HDTV High-Definition It to high- which the following of or or scanning Screen aspect ratio of reception and playback (or
Interlaced of whereby the which from to right and then from the top to the of the The and displayed alternately. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and This function to that or than or than the to that they the whole of the Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security SDTV It to which the High- Definition international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. which the and to It to which of and C The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the
VGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
of ESC/VP21 Commands Command ON to the the the the ready the Furthermore, when the The to whether the ready or If terminates with and then the ON PWR ON ON/OFF selection ON MUTE ON A/V ON/OFF Black MSEL A/V Selection Parity Stop Flow Connector input (RS-232C) Item Command OFF PWR OFF Computer/Component SOURCE (RGB) Computer/Component SOURCE Computer/Component SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE OFF MUTE OFF MSEL
of ESC/VP21 Commands Connector input (RS-232C) <At <At Function <At (PC <At GND GND GND ground TD RD TD TD RD RD DSR ready DTR DSR DSR DTR DTR ready
of Refresh PC98 EGA VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" NTSC PAL/SECAM HDTV the VGA It to which the However, with such resized
of Refresh SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio
Specifications Product EMP-52 (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) including and TFT active 6-phase writing SVGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP19D (light 1W AC, 2.2A AC, 1.0A +5+35C -10+60C Connectors Computer/Component Black RCA DIN RCA (RS-232C)
Specifications USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
Appearance of of M4X8-3 Units: