PM EPSON
appendix.book PM instructions connecting to or to A: Connecting to This to the to and everything The connected to or such as VCR, DVD or You to the or of the following: the to the as wireless this You the to the or both The the or another such as to or PA to the instructions). Positioning the the to where to the following the the within of grounded or cord. the and/or within of the the right to the distorted. Connecting to
PM It to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the to the and Connecting to to the (and the front of the With this the to the You to the front of the the to the high enough the Then the to the caused the front of the The the and the the the the below to the from to to W) to T)
the The following the interface the back and of the to to them as or other to the Connecting to PC To the to PC to: the the with the to the as If the to the Follow the each section the to Connecting to
PM If or to the instructions. Connecting the If includes sound or other of to the of the to the the the other of the to the or sound Connecting the Remote the as wireless flexibility. You from anywhere the and interact with the You to or the and the whether round PS/2 or USB PS/2 USB USB USB Connecting to PS/2
PM PS/2 connecting USB the location of the to Connecting to which type of has: Round PS/2 USB of the to the PS/2 Mouse/Com or the USB the the other to the while the as Connecting to To the to Macintosh, to: the the with the to the as If the to Macintosh, the Follow the each section the to
If to from Apple the to what type of Connecting the and turned off. Disconnect the from the the back of of the to the the other to the Connecting to
PM Connecting to If cant the to Macintosh, to from the cover the and its DIP switches to the to (such as 16-inch instructions. the of the to the the (with the attached) to the the screws the If to other and instructions.
PM If or to the instructions. Connecting the If includes sound or other of to the of the to the the the other of the to the Macintosh. Connecting the Remote the as wireless flexibility. You from anywhere the and interact with the You to or the and the what type of has. Mouse/Com USB USB USB Connecting to
PM connecting USB Connecting to which type of has: Round USB of the to the Mouse/Com or the USB the the other to the Turning the On and connected and other the and the to the other of the grounded The light top of the This that the turned light
PM warning the when the This and the the to the and the the and the Press the top of the The light flashes and then You with the displayed. This Turn or should the Connecting to light
PM To the the when the light Connecting to ready to off the follow these Press the top of the You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about and the as the the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the finished the the the and the cord. Turning On Other If using VCR, other or with the turn the this or PA ready to off the the
PM B: the The on-screen and features. The following and features the and of the (from or the and tone (treble/bass). the the features such as the and and to with the A/V or as the Advanced such as of and rear or projection. About information about and the the factory the the
PM the You the and the to To To the the cover the of the and the You the following: A/V R/C ON OFF options
PM The options whether the the or of options appears to the right. Press the of the (or it and and to through the highlight its options shown the right. the highlighted, the of the to The highlight to the first option that Press the of the (or and and to through the Press the right or of the (or and and to the to the If to back to the and then Press the the to back to the automatically. Press the to the The each of the below. the
PM options to (turned or (turned off). The connected and and the the to to these the (Computer Source) The to the The following options when the item the to the the Tracking Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the with the tracking from the this to or Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light lighter and Decrease to the light and areas. the
appendix.book PM item the of the input Sharpness the sharpness of the to On to the the the items to their factory Increase the the and the the the
PM The to and the (such as VCR or connected and operating to these options. the actually the from using VCR. the Source) The to the The following options when the item the to the the Brightness or the Increase to or to the the of light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the the lightest and of the Increase the and Decrease and the of the (NTSC only) Increase to or it to red. Sharpness the sharpness of the the the NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL SECAM. items to their factory the
PM the to the sound and of item the the and the sound to increase bass and right to increase items to their factory Increase the to the or to the the
PM the Effect The the the item Cursor/ Selects the to as the graphic and Selects and Selects the or and (from to Selects the and freehand to Cursor the to or High. items to their factory
PM The allows to or item (distorted) to correcting to Selects the or the subscreen. whether or user when the Prompt off the the or A/V whether or displayed when the A/V pressed. the which with items to their factory the
PM the The allows to to the and then as the when the You as or to displayed when the A/V the The photograph, or another other to the You the to the You from or such as VCR or Then follow these to the and to the Press the You the with the highlighted. Press the of the (or to highlight the
PM Press to this You the following Select and selection displays the the the to the of the to Once selected the the this and If to the selected, and You the following: the the to and then the
PM the the following appears, and the the or other while the the following the or to redisplay the
You as the Advanced to the Assigning the to the and/or A/V as the and/or the thats when the A/V Press the You the with the highlighted. Press the of the (or it to highlight the Press the to the Press the of the (or to highlight Press the right of the to This as the displayed when the receiving If to as the A/V the of the (or to highlight A/V Press the right of the to This as the when the finished, or To the A/V to Press to turn off the the
PM the Advanced The Advanced item Selects the to the English, Spanish, Chinese, or the as user the the whiteness of the white; warmer white. Rear Mirrors the when from Selecting ON while OFF off the when the mounted from the Selecting ON the while OFF off Advanced items to their factory
PM About Source) the the About displays information about the and hours, and item the of hours the used. the and the polarity of the Polarity the of the the of the Refresh the refresh of the Rate the
PM the About Source) the the About displays information about the hours and item the of hours the used. the input The the to their It or Select and the to the to the or to
PM C C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of inch F=2.02.2, reproduction Brightness (ANSI) (ANSI) (ANSI) to to Projection to to Projection rear, mount) aspect ratio ratio correction Supported interface NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, PAL-M, PAL-N, PAL60, SECAM Technical Specifications
PM Projection UHE High Efficiency) Supports PS/2, USB, Remote IR Supports EPSON IR 10-foot (typical rear Mechanical to inches to to to C), to to C), Technical Specifications About hours ELPLP10S ELPLP10B AA inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, to RH, to RH,
PM CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN Supported The following the the United States FCC 15J Class UL1950 DOC SOR/88-475 CSA C22.2 VGACGA VGAEGA NEC400 VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA1_70 SXGA1_75 SXGA1_85 SXGA2_60 SXGA2_75 SXGA2_85 Directive 73/23/EEC EN Technical Specifications
appendix.book PM Technical Specifications SXGA3_60 SXGA3_75 SXGA_85 UXGA48i UXGA60 (these MACLC13 MACII13 MAC16 MAC19-60 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC (SXGA) NTSC (XGA) PAL (SXGA) PAL (XGA) SECAM (SXGA) SECAM (XGA) The of allow the to correctly.
PM Connector The RGB, Assignments the assignments: GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND SDA SCL Technical Specifications