EPSON
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and tions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY STAR EPA of or service Copyright America, Inc. California, USA CPD Z/96
Information About Information WARNING: the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and the to service this WARNING.. The and its from children to of the the with shorten the life. cloth or to the Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following The them. the lighting and/or turn off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based tation directly from the containing of the as specifically this servicing to service tion. the invisible the Information About covers.
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC tion of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. FCC United States
The lightweight EPSON allows to SVGA or and You the to three PC or Apple such as VCR or You each displayed SVGA of The bright that easily light enough to The built-in 3D Sound You when further amplification required.
the of AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization from with of and easily. You the through with switching and The as wireless to operations The ELP II ftware of features to effective. The features of VGA and XGA what type of used, the of clarity. The IBM and as as Apple Macintosh, TM and TM computers. The NTSC, PAL, or SECAM or The with of that to the the and To the of this section of the features. Introduction
The buttons the to turn the and off, and to and switching. the buttons to (with the ELP II software) and the You the to of electricity turning off the the the the turned off, conserving electricity, cooling the and the of the The buttons the the and such as the and the of
Optional To of the EPSON the following Carrying the and its Both and Soft Carrying ELPKS04 Carrying ELPKS05 and with ELPLP03 Communication and to MAC to to ELP ELPKC04 ELPKC02 MAC ELPAP01 You purchase these from or EPSON Introduction
About This Chapter Installation, instructions to the and to or other optional the that apply to Chapter the to the and the or the Chapter the to the to the and the of the and such as bass and Chapter the ELP II Software, to the ELP II software to the and the Chapter to the Troubleshooting, to the warning lights and helpful information and Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical About This
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire. the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the Introduction
the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other or when the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service If or the housing Instructions
Where to EPSON and service through of authorized EPSON Customer the location or the following services: Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information installation, and operation of EPSON products Customer relations to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON Sound You purchase or from EPSON (U.S. only). please If third-party software with EPSON the the software, or the software technical Introduction
Services You helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON hours and of the services below. World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service BBS software to parity. to EPSON Fax-on-Demand Service You technical information or and selecting the option. You to Fax-on-Demand. Where to
EPSON CompuServe of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON free introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory and user ID and To of this offer the U.S. or and NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the office industry to the introduction of computers, and to reduce Introduction
his chapter to and to other The connected to or such as VCR, or to the to both and or the or of the following: the to the as wireless or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
the the these o o cover Remote AA (A/V) ELP II Communication PS/2 the of these to the the the its or the
Additional to the To (One usually with each and to To the to (One that If include To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to or other You these items from You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right of the the
the the within of the or the the This the the the from the The the and the the the the the to the
inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches the right to the the distorted. of the to the the other to grounded The indicated the light. Warning: the when the The might when This It that the from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches the inches inches inches
To the the off the as shown the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover.
batteries, the following and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the of Connecting to You the to of VGA, VGA, or XGA including: IBM PC IBM PC Apple including and Apple with This includes and the section that to Connecting to
Connecting to PC off the and they the the location of the to of the to the the connecting the from the the back of the and the other of the to the
To the the the to the This useful when to the the Tighten the screws the The the to the as and to the ELP II software and the Effects the from to the Connecting to
the of the to the Mouse/Corn the Mouse/Corn of the included with the to the the of the the from the the back of and with the other of the included with the If and the instead of the shown the To the from PC using the ELP II software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the the of the the other of the to the the back of You to ELP II software only that to Tighten the screws to they fas- securely.
the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to the or sound the Connecting to
Connecting to PC off the and they the the location of the to of the to the Computer the the other of the to the Tighten the screws to they securely.
the The the to the as and to the ELP II software and the Effects buttons the to the the of the to the Mouse/Corn the Mouse/Corn connecting of the PS/2 included with the to the the of the Connecting to
the other of the PS/2 to the If and the instead of the shown the To the from using the ELP II software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the the of the the other of the to the the back of You to ELP II software that to Tighten the screws the to they securely. to with
the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to off the and they the the location of the to of the to the the the cover and the DIP switches the with the to (such as inch
the of the to the other of the the from the the back of the and the (with attached) to the If with Macintosh, to the and the other to the If to or the the to the and the to the Tighten the screws both to they securely. Connecting to
the The the to the as and to the ELP II software) from to the the of the to the Mouse/Corn the Mouse/Corn to the MAC to the the other of the
the from the ADB of the and the of the MAC to the If to the ELP II software, of the to the the of the the other of the to the PRINTER or MODEM the back of Macintosh. Tighten the screws both the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to to to the off the and they the the location of the to of the to the the to
the cover and the DIP switches the with the to (such as inch the of the to the other of the of the that with to the the back of the the other of the to the (with attached). Tighten the screws the to they securely. Connecting to
the The the to the as and to the ELP II software) to the the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com the MAC to the the other of the the of the MAC to the the back of the Installation
If to the ELP II software, of the to the the of the the other of the to the PRINTER or MODEM the back of Tighten the screws to they fas- securely. the of the to the the the the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to Source You VCR, or other to The or RCA four-pin The 5OOO with You the to both and the the selects the as the To first the The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the specify that detected. Chapter that the then to only type of of to the to the whether or the (A/V) with the the with or from
To to the Turn off the and they If round, one-prong (RCA) the that with the If round, four-prong to purchase the RCA of the to the the other yellow RCA to the of the other the to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the Connecting to
Connecting to or PA of the the the other the of Although the internal enough or the to or (PA) or to from the built-in function. To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 You from Turn off the and or PA they
the to the the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the Connecting to or PA
the his chapter the following information about Turning the and off Focusing and positioning the the with the and the the of the
About The below the of the foot release ote
Turning the On and the and its the following (such as VCR), from or amplified or PA necessary) Turning the On and the Press the the or The If or attached, the or Allow about seconds warning: the when the This It that children the Turning the On and
to the The the flashes about seconds, and the to as the cools off. the cooled off, flashing and the to If the to the back while the there appears. electricity turning off the the the and amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the cord. the
Focusing and Positioning the appears that and correctly the To the the (the the To the of the the (the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to f&us Focusing and Positioning the
If to or the the the foot the of the as follows: the and the front of while the the This the foot and freely. the the its This the While the Foot Release or the the correctly positioned. Release the Foot Release to the foot its the turning the left-rear foot clockwise to the height or counterclockwise to the or
If input from the the to the Pressing the the input to the Press the while the the of input with to the or to The the of input from With to SVGA VGA choose from Either the the of the or the With greater than SVGA XGA or inch choose from of the or the The reduces the to SVGA The with SVGA Focusing and Positioning the
the You the the top of the or the to the following Turn or off Select the Switch input the of and or functions only) or the the
the Remote The line-of-sight To the of the receivers located the front and back of the You the to about from the (This shorter the The to commands these too bright, type of light light (such as sunlight) the the Remote
receiver, or other (such as heater). these to the or the from This the functions the Function Switches from to or the Switches and and from to Automatically the graphic to the to the or the as when the connected to the with the ELP II Effects buttons to effects with the ELP II software. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other Clears the of and switches to the
Function Switches the and VGA and XGA input). Custom to assign functions to the Effects using the ELP II software. the or the off the or the You the to the instead of the and the only when the the Remote
The following the the Function or Switches from to Switches and and from to or the the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. right arrows the internal clock to graphic (tracking these to with or to operations. selection Automatically the graphic to Switches the and VGA and XGA input). off the the
The and the top of the the operating serious chapter Troubleshooting, what to warning light Light Steady (The Steady and Flashing The Steady The too and turned off.
Light Steady Flashing and Projection replacing. flashing Flashing cooling Steady Flashing the Projection The to with or supply
the to The the such as brightness and when the the The the such as brightness and when the such as VCR. The features, such as the tone and The Option to The Custom assigns to the Custom button. The to their factory
Accessing the The the or To the first the or the or then the The appears: Press the to the To Press the the or to the the
Press the or or the top or of the to through the and buttons
Press the or the top or to such as the following appears. the or the top
Press the or arrows or the top or of the to through the Press the or right arrow buttons or the right or of the to the finished the to the or RETURN and to back to the The automatically. The following this section: Computer) o C o Computer) The to the The following options when the Computer.
The connected and and the the to to these item Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. with the from the this to or to from the Tracking the internal clock to graphic this to from the the of the input Select this item and then the or to the Then the or and to Next, the or and right buttons to the selected Increase the the and the the or to to the the
item Select this item and then the or to the Then the or and right to the the Mouse/Corn and displays the the or to to the and the Select to the wireless to the connected to the The wireless the connected to the input switched to Select to the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input items to their factory Select this item and then the or to the Next, and then the or to the If and then or the to clear the without
The to the The following options when the The (such as VCR or and operating, and the the to to these options. item Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the of light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the the lightest and of the Increase the and Decrease and (NTSC only) the of the Increase to or to red. the Normally this should AUTO to the type of If selection reason, this to manually NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. the
item items to their factory and displays the The related to item the the and the tone of the and Increase the tone to the or to the the Select this item and then or the to the Next, and then or the to the If and then or the to clear the without Increase the to the or to the Normal sound input Normal: sound input More sound input
Option item items to their factory Select this item and then the or to the Next, and then the or to the If and then or the to clear the without and displays the The Option to that normally item Prompt Temporarily displays the to which or the Rear Projection Mirrors the its (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when from the
item the whiteness of the The white, white, and white. Mirrors the its (top-bottom). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when the from the Selects what should when the to the To the precisely, the right arrow H, M, and to the This displays showing USER RED and USER BLUE. the and buttons to the to and then the and right buttons or the to the selected high the selected within the while the Press the or or to clear the and to the Option
Custom item the switching to when the input screen switching Right from to Left-Right: from to right, and from and Selects the English, Spanish, and the of hours the used. The of this when the to the of its life. this the with as as and displays the The Custom allows to features such as or effects. the other which the to option, the Custom that the Custom to Custom option. The Custom located the of the the right, and expands from to right. expands from to right. expands from
To the Custom the top or CUSTOM from the ZOOM highlighted and the PRESENT SET to the below of the To PREVIEW or STROBE the function then the top The Custom functions item Function Press the then the to the New or If the New the to the Press the Custom to the function. appears the right of the while the function the Custom The following functions while the function Each of the the of the displayed Each of the top the of the reducing
item Function Press the to of the You the right, and to closely of the the Press the then the to the New or If the New the to the Press the Custom to the function. The function the Custom input with the or the Press the then the to the New or If the New the to the Press the Custom to the function. The function the Custom The four each of which shows the from the input
item Function of Press the top while the to specifying the of flashed and the them. You the of as or and the from to Press the top to cleat the and displays the
the
the ELP II Software ELP II software from or to and buttons the
the Software Connecting the Software from ELP II software with the following operating OS the software, the properly connected to Chapter instructions about to the and to the II software. the following to the software the II (A: or B: as the ELP II Software
the the then The appears: A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP as then or OK. The ELP II introduction appears. Press C to To the location where the software should C to directory and then C. The II software with the the (COM) Specify which COM to then C to COM summary appears to the software and If C. to then the from the Software
the Software from You to the directory specified Press the following to the software the II (A: or B: as Click Click the option. The appears: A:\SETUP (or B:\SETUP as then or OK. The ELP II introduction appears. Press C to To the location where the software should C to directory and then C. the ELP II Software
The II software with the the (COM) Specify which COM to then C to using COM summary appears to the software and If C. to then the from You to the directory specified Press the Software from OS the following to the software the Macintosh. the II the Double-click the ELP The the ELP appears. Double-click the ELP and follow the instructions displayed. the Software
the Software the Software the Remote Effects prompted that the completed, OK. Then the to Double-click the ELP II from the ELP II or OS ELP II or ELP II from the The ELP II appears the of Double-click the ELP II The ELP II appears. The ELP II software to: the Effects buttons and You to the Effects them to operations, such as the or the The ELP II software when the and connected to the the ELP II Software
Function and The function the of the ELP II shows the assignment to Effects To assign the The below these functions and to them. To the Effects buttons, the ELP II software and the connected to the Function and straight the the the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the the the button. Then the to the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of of the the the Then the to the of the other of the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of of the the the Then the to the of the other of the the Software
Function and Creates or You this function to highlight of the with or Press the Effects assigned to this the the Press the to the or of the the Press the Effects assigned to this the to the where the to appear. Then the assigned Effects to the the Press the assigned Effects to the Clear Clears Effects previously executed. Press the assigned Effects to clear the This useful when often to type of characters Press the assigned Effects to type the the ELP II Software
Functions There three to assign to each of the Effects buttons the and function from the function to the Effects to Click function the function the Effects to then Select the function from the function and then the Effects the the Software
Once assigned functions to or Effects buttons, options each function. To options, to the following appears. (The options and which currently assigned to the Effects buttons.) Click the the function to then wish. To each the and then the to and each To the the right (If the as the and top buttons, respectively.) To the OK. The the following the options each function. the ELP II Software
Function Specify the from to Specify the from to Specify the from to Specify the from to Click the to Specify whether to the to the corners of the of the of the Choose the Click this to the background text or through the Choose the Click this to the background text or through the Click this to the with Choose the Click this to the background text or through the Click this to the with Click this to round the corners of the Choose the Direction Choose or Click this to the background text or through the the Software
Function Click the to Cursor Clear Screen options to characters, including such as Ctrl the field. The Backspace and recorded. Click the Clear to clear the assignment. Click the to than of assignments. Although of assignments, only active the ELP II Software
and Recalling Effects Assignments To Effects assignments, To of assignments, and specify the To of assignments, its from the To of assignments from the its and then To without the the COM Assignment If the COM when the software, or the COM to which the connected, the COM from the ELP II software. From the Option COM then choose COM from the provided. the Software
the You the ELP II software to the following features: Double-click the ELP II from the ELP II or OS ELP II or ELP II from the The ELP II appears Double-click the ELP II The appears. the ELP II Software
From the The appears: Property the To of the below: On, Down, the Software
Click the The following appears: Click the the to or of the following Option Brightness brightness. the (synchronization) to Tracking tracking to the ELP II Software
Option the and Click to to their Option Brightness brightness. the the currently selected Click to to their the of red, and the the currently selected the tint. (NTSC only) Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, or SECAM. AUTO the to the received. the Software
Sound Option sound sound tone Select of the following sound three sound: Normal sound expanded. sound further expanded to sound three-dimensional. sound expanded. Click to to their Option Option To Specify to displayed when connected. Source Prompt Temporarily displays the which or the Specify the used: Rear this when projecting to the back of the to right. Mount this when the the the top to the ELP II Software
Option the should when the Click to to their Custom Option the Function the from the connected the the currently selected. Click to to their and appear from the top of the to the right. to Right and appear from the to the right. appear from the of the and to the the of hours the used. the currently selected the selected the specified of and Count Specify the of which to the the the seconds. the Software
the Click the The following appears: You when the to that the properly. Choose of the following: character-based Click to the selected. Then the ELP II Software IS from the specified. Either type the or Ref... to the the The should
the Property Click Property the The Property appears. Specify High white) red) the to the amount of and Specify and and Click to the selected. the Software
the ELP II Software
You should the because or smears appear the You to clean the the of the to cool the and from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or service Warning: of the off the and the cord. cover the the and covers. the
Cleaning the Cleaning the severely. to service this yourself: as specifically this owner`s other servicing to service Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with and the To the first the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the to
Cleaning the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the and the Turn the its right that the top and the easily. the with the the top from the housing. screwdriver, coin, or to screw, and the cover. Cleaning the
the The attached to the of the cover. It recommended that and other office to the If cloth. If the to or the torn, or EPSON the United States and to The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The and red, flashing alternately) red. or EPSON the United States and warning: the cool Turn off the and the Turn the the cover.
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws.) screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the (You these screws.) the
the and the Gently the lowering securely. the screws the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information to with the It the following with the this section the and to what the warning lights indicating. with the this section or the If the section and follow that apply to If of the the or EPSON as through
with the If with the first off and Then the back and the If this the the warning lights the top of the These lights to with operation. The to replaced. the Chapter instructions.) Both Flashing The malfunctioning. service the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the Troubleshooting The
The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the The light Turn off the that the connected securely both the outlet and the and the Projected or to or the light red. the as The light red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the then back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service with the
with the or Sound The and lights flashing the abnormality occurred the Turn off the and the cord. Then the back and the If nothing the service Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself: appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as Chapter The selected. Press the Source the or the to choose another of the displayed. If the higher than the the If the with this choose the the group. Macintosh, choose the Apple and then choose the choose and or another selected. Displays Troubleshooting
You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the displayed. The the the the The or of the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking and buttons the There or smears the the as Chapter with the or Sound
The of the right. The incorrect. If the red, and the If the and (NTSC only) the There sound. that the the and that the securely attached to both the and the The selected. Press the or the or to the Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications of of Projection Remote aspect ratio ratio Thin Transistor (TFT) inches to inches to to to 2W
Mechanical Height Rated Technical Specifications DC ELPLP03 inches inches inches with to VAC and to VAC to VAC, A, to VAC, A, NERGY TAR Operation: to to C), to to C), Operation: to RH, to RH,
Supported The displays of To higher the to The following the the type IBM PC and VGA, VESA, JEGA IBM PC CGA Apple and NEC PC The to the to The of allow the to displayed correctly. This with graphic and boards only.
and assignments The and RGB, The assignments GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SCL Technical Specifications (ID GND Synchronous GND (ID SDA
Brightness. The of light and type of that and synchronization information Contrast. of the tonal the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of white and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase Alternation New Zealand, and of Africa.
of or One inch. of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of that as of red, and type of S-VHS It and separately. SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa. power-saving which the turned off when the only amount of the VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of