EPSON
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and FaxAdvice of America, Inc. Notice Other and of their owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. CPD 8871R2 California, USA
Information About Information WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when it the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based directly from the containing of the
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing toutes FCC United States WARNING
Introduction EPSON lightweight, that allows to and You to three or workstation such as VCR, DVD or You each displayed SVGA of the and XGA of the and The of inputs, from VGA to UXGA with to It bright that easily light enough to
Introduction built-in SRS 3D Sound You when further amplification required. front, rear, or projection. This flexibility choosing the each You through with switching and The as wireless to operations Additionally, the ELP IV software to the from and with effects. features of SVGA, UGA, XGA, and SXGA and XGA, VGA, SXGA and UXGA and what type of output used, the of clarity. The of and workstations: IBM and Apple Macintosh, G3, and computers, and workstations such as the SPARCstation. (The recommended with high-end workstations). The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. The the which or Chapter and
the of Remote with of features that to the the and To the of the this section summary of the features. The buttons the allow to the and off, and to and switching. the buttons to and the You the to of electricity turning off the the the the turned off, conserving electricity, cooling the and the of the To to operation, the operating the and the You the the the or the the of
Optional Introduction To of the EPSON the following: Product Product carrying the and its carrying Soft carrying ATA softcase with and and ELPLP09 throw ELPLL01 ELPCW01 Communication and to There to You the VGA-13W3 the to high-end workstation. ELP (HD15/H15, (HD15/HD15, ELPKS17 ELPKS10 ELPKS19 ELPKS18 ELPKC17 ELPKC02 ELPKC09
Product Product ELPSC06 Remote ELPST02 Mediaphile PAS Mediaphile CVS wireless microphone and You purchase these from or EPSON or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please ELPPAS1 ELPCVS1 Optional Accessories
About This Introduction This to and the EPSON and The instructions to these where otherwise noted. Chapter the instructions to to or other optional and the Projector, to the to the and the the the and the and the operating Chapter the to the built-in to the and the of the and options, and such as bass and Chapter ELP IV to the ELP IV software to the from the and the effects covers basic procedures and Troubleshooting, to warning lights and helpful information quality, and
Where to Services Technical Specifications, the technical specifications the and the of the If or first Troubleshooting. If the EPSON technical through services and services hours The following the information. Service Access World From the reach EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and as the EPSON of CompuServe type GO EPSON the CompuServe to reach the America free introductory CompuServe membership, and representative Where to
Automated Telephone Services Introduction Service Access EPSON SoundAdvice SM to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON FaxAdvice Access technical information You to this service. EPSON Service the location of Authorized EPSON or Customer follow the instructions the back of the EPSON Technical included with the Technical AM and PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (PIN) EPSON Technical of the
Instructions You purchase from EPSON Accessories or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the near outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If two-prong to the with the following the to with these or fire. the outlet with the the Instructions
Introduction outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or removing covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or
If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service If or the housing Instructions
Introduction
the his chapter to to other and everything The connected to or such as VCR, or You to the or of the following: the to the as wireless this If the the to the or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
Unpacking the the the these Remote R/C ON OFF AA (A/V) A/V
connecting to the as wireless and/or to the ELP IV software) PS/2 the PC) USB the PC) the PC the
Additional the Software CD ROM You these which to the the the its (or the or carrying carrying the hand. instructions.) to the To (One with each To and
To the to (One byor purchased fromApple that If include You currently the ELP IV software with G3 or with To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to or other You these items from You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right Unpacking the
the the You the as wireless instead of to You to the and the Effects buttons. Follow these to the the off the cover. the AA included with the the polarity of the correct.
You the the cover. the following and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. using the of connecting the to where to and or The the and the the the somewhere and and from the the the below to the Positioning the or the the This the You the
the inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches to the within of the or from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Connecting to You the to of VGA, VGA (SVGA), XGA, XGA (SXGA), or UXGA and only) such IBM IBM Apple computers, including G3, and purchased from third Apple with and only) high-end workstations from Graphics, IBM, and (You to to high-end workstations; the section that to both the and turned off finished connecting to to the and The below the interface the back of the to to this as or other to the Connecting to
Rear IR Connecting to PC the A/C To the to PC to: the and the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they the location of the to R/R-Y G/Y B/B-Y Mouse/Com Mouse/Com HD/Sync VD or BNC Switch
Connecting the and the and to this while following the below. Connecting to
the If the as as the the from the the back of Then the to the as shown below. (This when to the the of the to the the connecting
Connecting the and the other of the to the the screws If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The PS/2 or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software) to this while following the below. Mouse/Com Connecting to PS/2 or USB
the the round of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com connecting and the 2/BNC switch the of the to the To the as wireless the PS/2 or USB included with the to the MOUSE the of the from the the back of and with the other of the PS/2 or USB while the as
If and using the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB shown the To the ELP IV software or to effects the Effects the of the to the SERIAL the of the the other of the to the the back of You to ELP IV software that to Tighten the screws Connecting to
Connecting the the If of the to the the the connecting the other of the to the or the sound
Connecting to PC Connecting the To the to PC to: the the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they the location of the to First the to of the to the the Connecting to
Connecting the and the the other of the to the the screws If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The PS/2 or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software) to this while following the below. PS/2 or USB
the round of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com and the 2/BNC switch the of the to the To the as wireless the PS/2 or USB included with the to the MOUSE the of the the of the PS/2 to the or the USB to the USB Connecting to
the If and using the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB shown the To the ELP IV software or to the Effects the of the to the SERIAL the of the the other of the to the the back of You to ELP IV software only that to to with You to the to appear both the and the this with the function or the or instructions.
Connecting the If using of the to the the the connecting the other of the to PC locations the location of the to Connecting to
Connecting to the To the to Macintosh, to: the and the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they Notes: the location of the to You currently the ELP IV software with G3 or with
Connecting the and First the and to this as follow the below. Connecting to Computer
the of the to the the the the (as shown below) and its DIP switches with the to such as 16-inch instructions.
the of the to the other of the the from the the back of the Then the (with the attached) to the the Connecting to
the To the the the of the to the and the other of the to the Tighten the screws the
Connecting the and If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software) to this while following the below. Connecting to or USB
the the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com to To the as wireless of the or USB to the MOUSE the of the Disconnect the other of the or USB to the or USB
To the ELP IV software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the SERIAL the of the the other of the to the or the back of Macintosh. Connecting to
Connecting the the If of the to the the the connecting the other of the to the
Connecting to to to the To the to to: the the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they the location of match the the locations necessary. Connecting to
Connecting the the the to this as follow the below. allow to the directly to the without information
of the to the the the cover the and its DIP switches with the to (such as 16-inch instructions. Connecting to
the the of the to the other of the the (with the attached) to the the
If with the of the to the the back of the the other to the the of the Connecting to
Connecting the and the If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software) to this while following the below. Mouse/Com or USB
the round of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com and the 2/BNC switch the rear of the to To the as wireless of the or USB to the MOUSE the of the Connecting to
the the other of the or USB to the or USB the back of the To the ELP IV software or effects the Effects buttons the of the to the MAC SERIAL the of the the other of the to the the back of
Connecting the If of the to the the the the other of the to the the and to choose Mirroring the to the LCD as as the Connecting to
Connecting to High-End Workstation Connecting to Source the The and of input to Since the leading workstations, this these the the of workstation There workstation Those workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 information connecting workstation. You VCR, player, DVD player, or other to The or RCA four-pin three-connector (Y, R-Y, B-Y) The with
You the to and the the selects the as the To or first the The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the that detected. Chapter that the then to type of The type of to the to the whether or the (A/V) with the the with or from or the BNC type that with The below shows the and RCA BNC Connecting to Source
the To to the Turn off the and they If round, one-prong (RCA) the that with the If round, four-prong or BNC type to purchase the or the that with the RCA of the to the the other RCA to the of
the other the to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the of the the other the of three of BNC the R/R-Y, G/Y and B/B-Y the of the the C/R-Y, and B-Y (Dont of the the HD/Sync and VD the 2/BNC switch to BNC. the 2/BNC switch to BNC, the to the BNC which purchase from The 2/BNC EPSON as optional accessory with Connecting to Source
Connecting to or PA the Although the internal enough or the to or (PA) or to from the built-in 3D sound function. To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 You from Turn off the and or PA they the to the
Turning the On and EPSON offers the Mediaphile PAS and the Mediaphile CVS (clean amplification. the and information. the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the The internal when used. Its to turn the and its attached the following (such as VCR), from or amplified or PA necessary) (follow the the section) ready to off the them off the Turning the On and
Turning the On and the Follow these to the of the to the the other to grounded The light the indicating that the (The turned the Press the the or to the The light flashes as the If or attached, the or Allow about
Warning: the when the This It that the to the The and the light flashes about seconds as the cools down.When the cooled flashing The light If the to the back while the light there appears. the the cord. the when the light this the Turning the On and
the
the his chapter the following information about Positioning the to the Focusing and positioning the the the with the and the the operating
Positioning the the The below the of lights front, rear, and allowing to choose the If or to this the Advanced information. foot foot
To the when to the the height and relative to the from or the the as closely as with the of Positioning the
the the from the the as closely as with the top of where the properly the function to This allows to to aspect ratio of Press the the to increase or the the ELP IV software, to information, to Chapter
and Projection The the and the the To the (or to the of the below. that the of the rotating the information.) To the and of when the To the when the of the Inches: Positioning the
Throw the the three installations: inches* inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches of inches, the to from the the of the If the optional throw the following instead: To the and of when know the from to
To the when know the of the If the optional the following instead. To the and of when the Inches: Centimeters: To the when the of the Positioning the
Focusing and Positioning the the appears that and correctly the To the the (the the To the of the the (the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to
If to or the the or the the of the as follows: the and the front of while the foot located the This the they and Dont the Dont or the its This the While the or the the correctly positioned. Release the to the their If to the height of the turn the clockwise to the and counterclockwise to the height. You the function to Press the the to to aspect ratio of the ELP IV software, to Focusing and Positioning the
the the The the of input from Press the the or the to of the following With than SVGA the the of the or With than SVGA to the If the the around of the The reduces the to the The with SVGA and With than XGA the the of the or With than XGA to the If the the around of the The reduces the to the The with XGA
the electricity turning off the the the and amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the cord. You the or the top of the to the following Turn the or off Automatically the Switch input or the to the and the the only) Temporarily or only) the only)
the Remote the A/V IR A/V Remote On/Off R/C ON OFF cover cover
Additional options the cover below the Comp1 The line-of-sight To the of the receivers located the front and back of the A/V R/C ON OFF Comp1 BNC Preset the BNC
the You the to about from the (This the You within from the front or To to the as wireless connected the to the and Chapter instructions.) The Effects with the following options: the to freehand Clear the screen information these effects, to The to commands these The RC On/Off switch the light too bright type of light light (such as sunlight) the Other (such as heater).
Correct these to the or the from The following the Function or the the or the A/V off the and the or user background. or reduces the from to Pressing the right of the the the of the reduces the To of which of the the and the to the location. RC On/Off Turns the or off. Effects buttons to effects. Additional the ELP IV software, or instructions.) the to the or the as when the connected to the with the and the the Computer, the acts as left-click. buttons the seconds. the function. Pressing while or the displays the previous or the Computer, the acts as right-click. or the the
the Function Comp1 Switches to the Switches to the the or the the to the (P P) or the to or reduce the to the location and to the the BNC Switches to the Computer2/BNC Switches to the Switches the and VGA, XGA, SVGA, and SXGA input. You the the input matches the of the (SVGA the or XGA the and Preset and to and To the the and assigned the 1through To the Preset and to the To overwrite to the to and the displays, choose and the
the You the to the instead of the only the when using the The following the Function or the the
the Function Switches and the 2/BNC switch the back of the to BNC, the switched to 5BNC.) A/V off the and the or background. Switches the and VGA, XGA, SVGA, and SXGA input. You the the input matches the of the (SVGA the or XGA the and Switches to the Pressing the once switches to switches to or the the function. Pressing while or the displays the or the Computer, the acts as right-click. the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. Allows or selection of displayed. right Matches the internal clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to with or to operations. Allows of displayed.
Selecting or BNC Source Function Selects option or the Pressing when or displayed the Pressing the and buttons the increases or the sound to the when with the Comp2/BNC switch selecting or BNC to the Comp2/BNC switch the rear of the to the input The of this switch which used, or BNC. Selecting or BNC Source
Lights Light the The lights top of the the operating light serious Chapter what to warning light Light Steady (The Steady and Flashing The Allow about seconds. Flashing The cooling There internal light light light
Projection Light Light Light and Projection replacing. flashing Steady to Flashing with or supply. functioning normally. Light Flashing too Steady turned off of overheating. Flashing with the cooling or The functioning normally. Lights
the
the allow to from the or the The the and of the and whether the or VCR). The features, such as the bass, and 3D sound. The the assigned to the Effects buttons the and the
the The allows to or such options as the (P P) A/V option, and BNC input The and which as or with the A/V option. The the factory the The Advanced allows to including rear or and the The About information about H/V hours, and or selection.
Accessing the To the the the or the The displays. Press the to the of options appears to the right. The options whether the the or The shows of the when the the Accessing the
the To Press the the or to the Press the or arrows or or the to through the choices. and buttons A/V R/C ON OFF
Press the to Press the or arrows or or the to through the choices. Press the or right arrow or right or the to of the finished or to back to the The automatically. A/V R/C ON OFF
Source Computer) the The each of the below. options to (turned or off). Enabled options indicated light. options The to the The following options when the or The connected and operating, and the the to or to these item Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the Then the or and right buttons to the the the to to the Tracking Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the with the tracking from the this to or
item Brightness or the Increase to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. the of the input Sharpness the sharpness of the the this should the allowing the to the If to however, VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA, UXGA, or TV/HDTV. to and to including the and Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the Then the or and buttons to Next, the or and right buttons to the selected Increase the the and the the to to the Source Computer)
Source the item items to their factory Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the Select and then the to the If and then the to clear the without The to the The following options when the The to and the (such as VCR, DVD or connected and operating to these the actually the from VCR.) item Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the Then the or and right buttons to the the the to to the
item Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the of light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the the lightest and of the the Increase the and Decrease and the of the Increase to (NTSC only) or to red. Sharpness the sharpness of the items to their factory Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without Source
the the to the sound and of item the the and Increase the to the or to the the tone of the (Press the right arrow the or right the to increase the the arrow or the to the the of the 3D Sound the input. sound, increase this items to their factory this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the screen without
Effect The the assigned to the Effects buttons. item Cursor/Stamp Selects the to as the graphic and Selects Selects the and Cursor the to or High. items to their factory The allows to or item to Selects the or the Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the Effect If and then the to clear the without Effect
the item whether or displays when the screen Prompt temporary or the A/V or when the turned off. BNC the BNC input. If the RGB. If the BNC the optional I/F DPMS the or off when there input items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without The allows to and which as splash or with the A/V
and Follow these to and the (with the Press the the or to the Press the arrow or the to to the option. Press or to the with the the as Select and then or selection displays the the arrow buttons the or the the to the of the to as the Once selected the or the this appears the and or If to the selected, and the arrow the or the the to and then or
the to the A/V the the this user appears, and then or If to the the the or other while the the the completed, the or to redisplay the Follow these to the to the A/V Press the the or to the already displayed). Select the and then the the or Select from the A/V and then highlight Press the the or the A/V the or the to the user Press to off the
Advanced The the to their Select and the the or to the Select to the or to The Advanced options. item Selects the to the English, Spanish, or Chinese. the the whiteness of the white; warmer white. Press the right arrow or right the to increase the Press the arrow or the to the the input You AUTO, NTSC, NTSC NTSC50, PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL or SECAM. Rear Projection Mirrors the its (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when from
the item Mirrors the its (top-bottom). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when the mounted from the Mouse/Com and the Mouse/Com Select to assign the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com only. Select to assign the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com only. Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the Advanced If and then the to clear the without
About Source Computer) About Source the the About displays information about the and hours, and item the of hours the used. the and Polarity the polarity of the the of the the of the Refresh Rate the refresh of the the the About displays information about the hours and item the of hours the used. the input About Source Computer)
the
ELP IV ELP IV software from or to and graphics You the software to the buttons the This chapter to: the software ELP IV the Effects buttons and
the Software Connecting the Software ELP IV ELP IV software with the following operating or NT or OS and OS the software, the properly connected to Chapter instructions the and to the ELP IV software. Follow these to ELP IV or or NT: Turn and the Software CD CD-ROM If or NT, and then If the then
The appears. E:\SETUP the CD-ROM E), then or OK You the ELP IV the and options installation. Select the the software from the and ELP IV checked. If to the Then OK the ELP IV Click Next You the Software the and Follow the instructions the screen to directory or the software. Then the the ELP IV to the If selected to follow the instructions to If Unconnected and from the Option the exiting ELP IV the correctly the the Software
the Software ELP IV Follow these to the software the You currently the ELP IV software with G3 or with the Software CD CD-ROM the CD-ROM necessary. Double-click the You to the software. and OK You the Software the and You the ELP IV selected and, as necessary, and then OK You the to Select the where to the software and the finished, the ELP If Unconnected and from the Option the exiting ELP IV the correctly the
Starting ELP IV the from Follow the the section below to the software. If the as the to the and the to the software. Notes: If Macintosh, slightly than the this chapter. If while with ELP IV, choosing the from the If the ELP IV the ELP IV group. If or NT, then ELP IV and then the ELP IV The ELP IV appears the of or the or NT. Starting ELP IV
Starting the the COM Assignment ELP IV If to or the software with the disconnected, the or connected to incorrect COM If to the software without the connected, Unconnected and If connected, Select and Then the COM the Click the The ELP IV appears. the ELP IV Double-click the ELP IV If ELP IV the first COM from the Option then choose the or (whichever connected the to). Then the Option and Property to the ELP IV If the COM when the software, or the COM to which the connected, the COM from the ELP IV software. to Select and the Choose COM from the that appears.
the Remote Effects Function and to the effects, assign functions to the Effects buttons from the ELP IV To assign function to Effects the the to the Effects to assign, then choose function from the the option selected, then selections such as and The below these functions and to them. the Remote Effects
ELP IV To the Effects buttons, the ELP IV software Once Effects the or the to function as and the connected to the Function and free the Press the Effects assigned to this the using the to the Press the to the To another the from the created and the to the straight the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the the the and then the to the To another the from the created and the to the the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of the the the Then the to the of the To another the from the created and the to the the
Function and the Creates or You this function to highlight of the with or or of the Cursor the Sound selected sound Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of of the the using the Then the to the of the of the To another the from the created and the to the the Press the Effects assigned to this the the Press the to the To another the from the created and the to the Press the Effects assigned to this the to the where the to appear. Then the assigned Effects to the To another the from the created and the to the Press the assigned Effects to the Press the Effects assigned to this Click the To to the to and Press the assigned Effects to the sound. the Remote Effects
ELP IV Function and Spotlight Creates spotlight the Press the Effects assigned to this the to the where the spotlight to appear. Then the assigned Effects to the spotlight. To another spotlight, the from the spotlight created and the to the spotlight Screen Clear Clears Effects previously executed. Press the assigned Effects to clear the This when often to type of characters Press the assigned Effects to type the To or function, with or the using the as
Functions Each of the Effects assigned function: the to freehand Clear the If to function to the that to the and function from the the Effects
Effects ELP IV Once assigned to or Effects buttons, specify options each function. You the options assigned to the effects. To the option to apply from the options displayed below the Effects (The options which functions currently assigned to the Effects buttons.) To the and then the to and each To the the right (If the as the and buttons, respectively.)
The following the options each function. Function Specify the from to Specify the from to Specify the from to the from to Choose the this to the background text or through the Specify whether to the to the corners of the of the of the Choose the this to the background text or through the Choose the Click this to the background text or through the this to the with Choose the this to the background text or through the this to the with Track this to round the corners of the the Remote Effects
ELP IV Function Specify the from to Choose the Direction Choose or this to the background text or through the Click the to used. To New. The appears, allowing to the and To the to the To the choose from the To and then You the option to the as the intact, or to overwrite the existing To the choose from the To and then the displays, Click the to used. To New. The Cursor displays allowing to using the and To the to the To the choose from the To and then You the option to the as leaving the intact, or to overwrite the existing To the choose from the To and then the displays, Sound Click To to choose the selecting the To the sound, the
Functions to the Function Spotlight Specify the from to Clear options to characters, including such as Ctrl A, the to field. The Backspace and recorded. the If to follow these Select the which to assign function Click the the Shortcut field and then the function to to this (F2-F12). Choose the this to the background or through the spotlight. Click the to clear the assignment. Although of assignments, active Click the to than of assignments. the Remote Effects
and Recalling Effects Assignments ELP IV To Effects button assignments, to the Entry The Function Specify the and OK To of assignments, its from the Entry To of assignments from the Entry its and then the displays, To without the from the
the You the ELP IV software to the following features: the Specifying Creating To of the buttons below: On, A/V Source Source
ELP IV Choose from the Select Screen You the following Click the the to or of the following options.
Option Tracking to the (synchronization) to Brightness brightness. Sharpness sharpness. the of red, and the the and Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, or AUTO the to the received. Preset and to and To the choose the from the and OK. the currently selected. to their
ELP IV Option Tracking tracking to the (synchronization) to Brightness brightness. Sharpness sharpness. the of red, and the the tint. (NTSC only) Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, or AUTO the to the received. Preset and to and To the choose the from the and OK. the currently selected. to their
Option the sound the the bass tone. 3D Sound sound effects. increase the the enhanced. the currently selected. to their
ELP IV Option to Prompt Temporarily displays the which or the DPMS the or off when there input Selects the or the BNC the input as RGB or Y, R-Y, B-Y. whether or displays when the A/V or when the turned off. the currently selected. to their
Advanced Option the the whiteness of the white; warmer white. From that to from the or Rear the input You AUTO, NTSC, NTSC NTSC50, PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL or SECAM. the currently selected. to their About Option the of hours the used. the and Polarity the polarity of the the of the the of the
ELP IV Option the currently selected. to their Option Select the and and the currently selected. to their
the Choose the option from the Option The following appears: You to that the properly. Choose of the following: character-based from the specified. type the or to to the the
Specifying ELP IV Click OK to the and the Click to the selected Click the the The appears. The should and or
Select the and and Click to the selected. Choose the or from the The appears. the The Click
ELP IV Choose the command from the The appears. the to and then
Creating You or from the then to or to the Choose the option from the Select Screen The appears. Choose the from the The appears. and or or The selected appears the To the the Selecting The Selecting appears.
ELP IV the the to as Click OK to the The reappears. To increase or the which the displays, from the Choose the from the to the to To the choose the command. You the To to the choose the from the the displays,
Creating Cursor/Stamps You or or from the Cursor/Stamp Choose the Cursor/Stamp option from the Select Screen The Cursor/Stamp appears.
ELP IV Click the The Cursor/Stamp appears. using the and Click to the the the Cursor/Stamp Choose the from the to the and redisplay the Cursor/Stamp Choose the or from the to To to the choose the Cursor/Stamp from the the displays,
Creating New Exiting the Software To of choose the New from the Cursor/Stamp displays allowing to of To Choose the from the displays. the and To and then To and the ELP IV software, choose the from the Exiting the Software
ELP IV
You should the or smears appear the You to the the of the to cool the and from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or service
Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning: clean of the turn off the and the cord. the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with alcohol-based and the To the first the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the to
Cleaning the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the and the Turn the its that the top and the easily. the with the the top from the housing. the cover to release the cover. the cover. Cleaning the
the The attached to the of the cover. It that and other office to clean the If lint-free cloth. If the to or the torn, or EPSON the United States and to the when The typically about to hours of It to the when: The or to The light red, or flashing and The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and the as as or EPSON the United States and ELPLP09. Warning: the cool Also, the of the assembly. Touching the of the
Turn off the and the Turn the the cover. screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws from the cover. screwdriver, or to the screws holding the (You these screws.) the
the and the the lowering securely. Tighten the screws the the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover
Transporting the The and If to please follow these to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the business first the hard-shell carrying (such as the optional EPSON accessory then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to hard-shell or carrying (such as the optional offered EPSON). EPSON incurred Transporting the
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the warning lights and information to with the It the following with the this section the and to what the warning lights with the this section the to commands. with the or sound. this section or the or sound
with the Troubleshooting If the section and follow that apply to You the the the or If of the the or EPSON as If with the first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights the top of the These lights to with operation light light light light
Light Flashing The or The to replaced. flashing and the Chapter instructions.) Flashing The The too and turned off automatically. Flashing Theres with the cooling or service Flashing Theres with the supply, or malfunction the Flashing The off and the cooling The operating normally. The The turned off of internal service with the
Troubleshooting the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the The light Turn off the that the connected securely both the and the and the and reseating the or to or the light red. the as Chapter The light red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool awhile. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
with the Remote The to commands. the turned The RC switch, the of the should turned to the On The them. the securely to both and the Chapter selected the COM the wireless when the ELP IV software. If necessary, the COM from the Advanced information. Light that too or of lighting the receivers. the lighting and off the of sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. with the Remote
with the or Sound Troubleshooting appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as Chapter The selected. Press the the or the Comp1 or BNC the to choose another of the displayed. If the computers higher than the or or higher than the the resized. information If the with this choose as follows. the group. right-click the the and the to the
choose the Apple and then choose the choose and or another or and selected. Displays You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. If attached to that the DIP switches correctly. instructions.) NO SIGNAL displayed, the displayed. The the the the with the or Sound
Troubleshooting The or of the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking and the There or smears the Clean the as The The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The of the right. The incorrect. If the option the to the of red, and If the and (NTSC only) the
There sound. that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the Also, that the A/V The selected. Press the the to the with the or Sound
Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches F=2.02.3, SVGA, XGA, reproduction Brightness (typical) (ANSI) (ANSI) (ANSI)
UHE High Efficiency) Technical Specifications to inches to to inches to Projection to to Projection rear, mount) aspect ratio ratio to interface NTSC, PAL, PAL-M, PAL-N, SECAM hours (typical) ELPLP09
Remote Supports PS/2, USB, ADB Remote Supports EPSON Remote IR IR 10-foot (typical Height inches Mechanical Rated to to C), AA inches inches supply to VAC, to VAC, to to C),
United States FCC 15J Class UL1950 Supported Technical Specifications to RH, DOC SOR/88-475 CSA C22.2 The following the the VGACGA VGAEGA NEC400 VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 to RH,
SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA1_70 SXGA1_75 SXGA1_85 SXGA2_60 SXGA2_75 SXGA2_85 SXGA3_60 SXGA3_75 SXGA_85
Technical Specifications UXGA48i UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 MACLC13 MACII13 MAC16 MAC19-60 MAC19 MAC21 HDTV480P (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480P (ATSC) HDTV480I (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480I (ATSC) HDTV720P (SMPTE) HDTV1080I (ANSI/SMPTE)
HDTV1080I (ANSI/SMPTE) NTSC (SXGA) NTSC (XGA) PAL (SXGA) PAL (XGA) SECAM (SXGA) SECAM (XGA) The of allow the to correctly.
and and assignments Technical Specifications The and RGB, the assignments: and (ID GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND (ID SDA
Brightness. The of light and The recording and of using red, and synchronization type of that and synchronization information Contrast. of the tonal the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of white and NTSC. the National NTSC North and
PAL (Phase New Zealand, and of Africa. of or One inch. of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of that as of red, and type of S-VHS It and SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa. power-saving which the turned off when the amount of the SVGA Graphics SVGA higher than VGA. SXGA. Graphics SXGA higher than XGA.
VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of XGA. Graphics XGA higher than VGA. UXGA. Graphics UXGA higher than SXGA.