rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This with protection. The property rights to the of this protection the of America, and others. employing this from the Company. The authorize the of this of including disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited. This and the features to without and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Copyright Notice
lightweight that high-quality, anywhere and DVD, or offers these features: to (or from to to from or DVD of with aspect ratio to of White and Light (brightness), enough DVD with and DTS with DTS surround sound Long-life to hours of Two-year service warranty and Warranty with basic two-year carry-in warranty. offers Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight Service brochure to You the CD that the products, and service. SM
Optional these and optional the Product (ELPLP44) V13H010L44 (ELPAF14) V13H134A14 security ELPSL01 and these and other optional wall-mountable www.epson.com/homeentertainment Ceiling-mountable You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca About This the to and using This information the of troubleshooting and specifications. Please follow these as through the followed to to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with If the service. and the PIN the that with
and Remote foot USB Security cover cover Headphone foot Remote
Top light Turn or off light warning light from Source Source Increase Stop to
Remote from lighting Welcome Turn or off Function/numerics DVD switch The buttons the the to light using the and light Access DVD
Follow the instructions this section to choose location, DVD and playback. Choosing Location You about anywherein the or You with optional or ceiling-mounted or white The following three To choose white with smooth to coating the with to the Wall and
should directly front of the or facing straight to the If the too the and This the to its You the the buttons or the instructions. The farther from the or the the The following the (measured that the affects aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to
these the the within of or cord. than while CDs or Wall and To of or optional follow the this section. Wall You easily high white There or involved, and and the to that fits To the further, to the with that specially reflectivity and If or professional These coatings with reflective that brightness, and sharpness as as around the Projection mounting and as below. Considering Shape and theater DVD HDTV broadcasts, or other contentthe ratio where the the DVD and HDTV broadcasts the vertically and The from to inches to
which and TV broadcasts. Watching DVD or HDTV broadcasts ratio the and and below the usually to inches (the height as 80-inch Considering Mounting wall-mounted, or ceiling-mounted. these characteristics as choose which type Screen mounting Characteristics Wall-mounted Typically permanently Ceiling-mounted Typically permanently to factors Considering and Quality theater white or of high increase the of with light the and the If theater with walls, and than white typical or family with reflected light, and Can locations Can of the wall-mountable Can of the as artwork Can of the recessed the and completely Can manually or and Can and around and Usually of or
Screen the reflectivity of light reflective measured as with as the reflectivity of white board. Highly reflective screen brighter the brightness enough theater and the appear to from theater with surroundings and lighting, with than where the light or light, to with than to the brightness. the and to If the too the rotating them) and If the its the the or the to the
the and buttons the to the the to the To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the the switch the to the
the Sound To the the or buttons the or You the the to temporarily off the sound. You the buttons the or the to fast-forward, or replay sections of or You items DVD the DVD titles. title of CDs and CDs tracks. There three to or with To or CD or MP3 track, the or the To the or the To and the the or To the or the To and light the or temporarily or the
To Pressing of the following buttons or the off and the the off, and to the to Searching or To or through or CD, or the Each the the search (or shuttle) increases. To to Motion You or motion Press the Press repeatedly to the Press or to or motion. the the Press to to To to the chapter or track, the To to the of the chapter or track, the or Press to the to or the and buttons to around the necessary.
DVD top and include that To or To items or Then necessary. You title or chapter If to the buttons, to the switch the to the the switch, the the through To the then To the then To the then to the Temporarily To temporarily the soundtrack (from the built-in or headphones), The to Press to
the You to based the lighting the Press The currently selected displayed the Press repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the You from the following with bright light. with the or closed. Theatre: completely fast-motion bright (option only when connected to the selected This the Sound and You switch sound and surround sound and from the type of (or To the sound the the You the displayed the To switch and VS surround sound), To the You the the to the Action or CDs, the and
with Headphones headphones as shown below: headphones, hear sound from the built-in the to the headphones the or Warning: the too high, when first the headphones. to high sounds hearing. high headphones.
with Other You of and to to further and such as VCR, DVR, or TV receiver, or or other that USB containing or input such as or other MP3 to through such as AV or Surround Sound to from or to or hear through from Devices You to that or To from these to white and to and inputs. from of including and sound You which included with or purchased from connecting, turned off. the as shown the following with Other
VCR or DVD or TV or DVR, or or or TV receiver, DVR, or White White RCA PC Cr/Pr PC Cr/Pr with Other
to follow these to the cords and the the cover and the or the Press the or the the the or up-arrow to the then If the Turn the to the connected then the or Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the aspect, the the and Normal or the the switch the to the with Other
Connecting USB You USB such as or memory containing memory You or or the following of USB MP3 WMA JPEG the or other to the USB as shown below. Playback automatically. finished, the from the USB instructions MP3, WMA, JPEG, or with Other
Through You to amplifier, Surround Sound or recorder. To sound from the to (S/PDIF) input You which with or purchased from the off, then the as shown: Turn and or other with sound from You to the the Select Stream connecting or PCM connecting to that with PCM. information, You of as and with Other
Connecting or You to or to or or or and hear You to and RCA (2-RCA to You purchase these from connecting, turned off. the or as shown. the cords and the the cover and the or the Press the or the the the down-arrow or up-arrow to PC then Turn the to the connected or White RCA PC Cr/Pr with Other
Switch the the or to or both and the Usually this function to through instructions. If both the and to the to instructions. Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the aspect, the the and Normal or the switch the to the with Other
Doing More with Follow the instructions this section to and advanced playback and features. and and You CDs and CDs or USB with MP3, WMA, and You JPEG CDs or USB CDs To CD, the You of the features, including and to the or track. instructions. You the buttons, as To the buttons, to the switch the to the To off the the cover. Doing More with
MP3/WMA or You MP3 or WMA and CDs, or USB information the of that supported. or USB that MP3, WMA, and/or of and/or Press or to or To to the or or Press or to the selected or finished the the automatically. To off the when the cover. MP3 or WMA through the of the highlight the You the to the displayed. instructions. Doing More with
JPEG or USB that JPEG photo slideshow. If of and/or and Press or to or then to the To or To the slideshow and To the or of thumbnails, or To the of the and If or USB includes both and JPEG slideshow with To the of Select the and to Select the JPEG and to the slideshow. Doing More with
Advanced advanced or and selecting titles, or tracks. On that include or the easy to these features. Repeating Chapter, Track, or You or title DVD to (or You CD or MP3, WMA, JPEG, or To chapter, title, or track, You the indicating the selected option. Press to through the options repeating. On DVD, chapter or title or On or CD, or or MP3, WMA, JPEG, and or To displayed the the You CD or chapters and titles DVD. to the CD or DVD. Press You the which allows to playback the switch the to the Doing More with
the to the to titles, or tracks). Press or to the If than or tracks, or to the or previous Next or Previous the and To or chapter and To the the and To the and the switch the back to the To the To playback, and Selecting and and allow to or from or If these features the buttons the to them. Press the the To the of the To You choice of or To Press the repeatedly to the option You the Playback information as of Doing More with
the Information You the and while DVD, or CD, or Press You information the following below the Press or to the item to and Select the and You the title, chapter, or the as To the buttons, to the switch the to the playback from the title, chapter, track, or selected. CDs with Playback (PBC) CD with playback (PBC), the following: To the item to or or the switch the to the then the buttons as To the or or when the displayed. To the playback, repeatedly the displayed. Doing with
To the function, follow these Press to the Press or and to of the following (each displays or Track the first or seconds of each sequentially. the and the first or seconds of each Track each and the first or seconds of each To to the and To the and Select the to the arrow buttons and Doing More with
You access, the sound, and other of of these the or buttons the You to to children from them. locked, to the DVD to Press to the Press the the You the Press the Others Press to highlight then to the Press to then Press to highlight then to Press to the switch the to the then using the buttons. The first to the first, then the the Confirm PWD the buttons. Press to Once to the CD or DVD. If the to the Press to the Doing More with
the the You the the to children from turning and the (You the to of reach.) You to holding the the least seconds. Warning: allow or to the when turned The bright light that their Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Press Child to On then Press or Press to the You to the to The off when DVD than You to off while while To the to from the following SLEEP OFF: The switches off of inactivity SLEEP The switches off the of specified, whether or You from to the the off. Doing More with
You the to the that allow to this selection. Press the the You the Press to highlight the then to the of OSD the Other the DVD or Press to the then to of To the Quality You the the to the brightness, tint, sharpness, and other that Press the You the Press to Press the option to Doing with
You the following items and Brightness NTSC Sharpness High the red.) this switch to or the appears when This Press or to increase or the Press to the the Others The Others including CD and MP3/WMA/JPEG You services and to their Press the Press to the Others Press to highlight the then to or the option. Press to the option then to You choose from the following: the when than Select to off this PBC: Select to off playback when CDs. VOD Select this to This allows to purchase or through services www.divx.com/vod (and them MP3/JPEG or USB that MP3, WMA, JPEG, or normally showing the and Select Without to the (the or slideshow automatically). Doing More with
Press and to to their factory the and hours). instructions locking instructions locking To the You with or recorded Press the the You the to the Press Press to highlight or Night then to You the following to to the Night Turn this DVD Press to the to then to To the You the to the and other options. Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Press the option to Doing More with
You the following items: Normally, this to when If appears or interference, the Child Turn this to the the information. Projection: Turn this to the the optional High Turn this to that overheat. Select to the or to reduce These the as the and arrows the Press or to the Press to the Information and the You the Info the to the of hours the used, and to the You information and that Press the You the to highlight Info then Press to the and other information. If the than hours, 0H displayed. To the the Press to Doing More with
The to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: clean of off and the cord. of as this the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and If another replacing, or servicer Follow the instructions this section to the and and the the and or Protecting The anywhere and its should to heat or sunlight, or of with typical please of to and other factors which to internal the warranty the the of Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the with
Cleaning the the off and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and the cloth as as then the thinner, or other These the cleaners directly Cleaning and the Clean the and when builds or when the following The overheating. nothing the and clean or the clogs which overheating and Press the to off and the and other office to the as shown. If the or to You purchase V13H134A14) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
If to or the the and off the cover. the and the the cover.
the The of the about hours and and about hours Theatre You the as If the shown to the Turn off this when to the of the Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes The the appears the when If to the the the to You purchase V13H010L44) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the instructions the the Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. If the least Warning: the cool If the the to injury. warning light Source Caring
the cover screw using the screwdriver that with the (The screw the Then the cover and the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the assembly. To the cover, then the screw. the cover the to the as the section. the the and the to Press the You the Press to highlight Info then to Press You the following the Caring
Select and to the The displays hours) the least hours. Follow these when the and of the within the recommended the to F to C) and to relative without ejected. the cover and the the from the its You its or (as the following section). Transporting incurred and If to follow these to repairs, the If the of cushioning around the of and that If from internally or the To that might approximately hour If off the then hour or
hand-carrying ejected, the cover closed, and the retracted. its as shown:
This section to lights, and technical What To the Lights The lights top of its and know when If lights off, the connected correctly. The light Press the to turn The light flashing the to appear. This The light flashing cooling the light flashing Source
The light operating correctly. If the the to to operation, or the cover The light flashing and the light flashing red. High-speed cooling process. If too automatically. least inches from the Clean or the If High The warning light flashing The to replaced. The light and the light red. too and turned off the least inches from the Clean or the If High cool the light the to the back If the then and The light and the light flashing red. The incorrectly the cover or the then off the and the If the or the lights to the back and The light and the light flashing red. with its or then and The light and both lights flashing red. internal then the then and If the lights to flash, and
turn the securely attached both If the off the cord, and the If the light flashing the to appear, which the Child off of The off when than Press the to instructions the appears the turned (the light and If the light flashing to the cover the the DVD the light. If flashing or red, to the The off the than If using the The DVD than while CDs or This or scratches. there or scratches the DVD.
The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other functions of these buttons. within of and within of its front or back (approximately or right, and or below). You to the batteries. theyre with the and as shown the of the If might with third-party and Sound The or of the the instructions. There the Clean the as the If from approximately hour using If forms, and hour or the from the than and farther than the Sharpness If the that You to the to reduce the amount of correction to the If using the The too light or too Press the the to the the Brightness and If the than to, to the
The the right. Press the the to the the or If the The the top or to or the causing to become the or buttons the or to the The the or right to the the There sound, or the sound enough. the or the Press the the to the sound hasnt turned off temporarily. If using the and white to If to the the There with the sound the the and the sound If using to the the appear. The DVD might include the to OFF You cant the DVD. The DVD might include
with appears the the turned Press the or the Press the or the connected to than You You the the turned connected correctly Press the or the to the Allow seconds to You the supported. Press the the and the The off (too or too Press the the and the aspect Press the the and the The distorted. If interference the the and The right. Press the the and the Press the the to the the or
Where To these technical services: U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the If with optional the information included the with the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of TFT active of LCD inch F=1.44, Light (brightness) White Light (ISO ratio to to inches to to to ratio aspect ratio Native DVD Unit Surround, DTS Surround DVD DVD-R/RW, DVD-RW DL DVD-R DL DVD+R/RW, DVD+R DL, CD-R/RW, DVD-VR (without CPRM), CD, CD, CD, MP3 (CD/DVD), WMA (CD/DVD), JPEG, (CD/DVD), (CD/DVD), specifications. Theatre and correction to to Light (ISO Specifications
Remote AA Battery Projection UHE High Efficiency) E-TORL ELPLP44/ V13H010L44 hours and hours Theatre selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Height inches inches Rated to VAC Rated to F to C) without to F to C) without to RH, to RH, to Specifications
and United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible Normal aspect aspect aspect TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Normal aspect aspect aspect SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Specifications
Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA SVGA56/60/72/75/85/, XGA60/70/75/85, MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 that include VGA Specifications MP3, WMA, and JPG that to the following specifications: ISO9660 or that recorded the write [UDF] read.) characters only, with or 4GB count to Track count to when MP3/JPEG to Without MP3: to WMA: to to of to recorded WAV, and MPG supported. JPEG created and conforming to the DCF Motion JPEG supported. such as rotation supported. DNX this Specifications
Scottish Georgian Amharic Sotho; Southern Marathi South Marshallese North South (International) Interlingue Irish Northern North Island) Church Corsican Wolof English Luxembourgish; Shona Specifications