EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and service and and of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-16804R1
EPSON and that offer to ANSI of brightness. From classrooms to and bright and ordinary displayed of or Three 0.7-inch ratio incredibly and clear to theater-quality performance. You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple Macintosh, (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. With the displays from VGA through UXGA. You of the following HDTV, VCR, DVD (such as Microsoft PlayStation and or player. The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM connected to the the computers, or of each. The buttons easily switch them. To to who and which unauthorized users.
of the with the To the the beneath the of the the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to the to or the USB to the shows, and to the Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, and other to instructions. the The switch from to of or the and other features. Chapter connecting the as wireless This through computer-based (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, optional to the built-in
includes warranty brochures, and EPSON this the and the with The instructions to and to or This the information to and Please follow these as through followed to injury. to to Notes information about More Information about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. Press the the to Download (frequently-asked and to EPSON If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the information.
Remote Soft carrying VGA RCA A/V USB and Warranty with carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included EPSON offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or usually overnight the To the and to EPSON. products, and services. the the these items:
to the the (or when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying included with the Additional to the To One with or purchase from EPSON. To from VCR or other which from EPSON. To through the sound or to this and the shown from EPSON, as to VGA
Welcome Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product V13H010L27 (includes V13H134A05 Samsonite wheeled Soft shoulder ATA hard-shell carrying V12H007T13 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPAP01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch High ELPDC02 High V12H064020 security ELPSL01 mount You purchase these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS24 ELPKS43 ELPKS45 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPMB39 ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL
the his chapter to the and to or You to or or of each. instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to the
You the from the and Downloads section of the Positioning the connecting the to where to If the and isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the somewhere and from the the below to exactly increases with the and other to to to these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord.
to the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the isnt this the shaped, instead of or If the below the of the to the This the to its the corrects the automatically. If the its the than or the To To manually, Other Installations You from the or from the with the mounted upside-down: Rear (using To from overhead, the optional mount information.) to or Rear/Ceiling the option the Advanced To from the rear, Rear information. the The corrects automatically. information,
If with RCA follow the instructions connecting to If through BNC the optional VGA-to-BNC instead. the Connecting to You the to or IBM PC that including PC and computers, and and You the Follow the instructions this section to: the VGA to the to the to the the to the as optional with Connecting the VGA and the turned off. If the to the from the VGA that with the VGA
of the to the Computer1/Component or the Computer2/Component If to to the the Computer1/Component the other of the to or If or and cant the to the as shown below from EPSON; To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the of the Then the (with the the Macintosh. If to the and the Connecting Tighten the screws the the
LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or the the Computer1 or Computer2 when to this If to other and turn instructions. Connecting If to as as the to the This while the turned and or switch the A/V to off the when the connected to the Computer1/Component the and off. Then the to the as shown: If to other and it instructions.
Connecting the Remote the as wireless through slideshow-style such as from to This easy to to To the wireless function, USB and the of of these operating and XP OS to OS If using the from the USB that with the and the of the to the USB the of the to USB If necessary, to with If to other and it instructions. the
The the the Amplifying its sound however, If to of the built-in and You from or of the to the the the other of the to headphone or or or the and selected the If to other and instructions.
Connecting to High-End Workstation of input to the or to the the leading workstations, workstation There workstation Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or However, workstation. the
The TV the Connecting to Sources You DVD VCR, player, as Microsoft PlayStation or GameCubeor other to You to (or and The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the It and The type of the the RCA A/V included with the below. the with or from EPSON (ELPSV01). RGB the VGA included with the the optional EPSON (ELPKC19). Connecting Source the and DVD or other turned off. the RCA A/V that with
the RCA the two-connector of the to the yellow as shown below. the other yellow to the To sound through the the the RCA A/V to the the and white the other of the to the to: If than connected to the when to this the and selected the The the the
the Connecting Source If to higher which usually with or purchase from EPSON. the and DVD player or other turned off. of the the and the other the output of If to sound through the the the RCA A/V as to: If than connected to the when to this the the and selected the
Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to that RGB the VGA that with the of the VGA to the Computer1/Component or the Computer2/Component the the other to the If to sound through the the optional as Once the turned to or (whichever used) as the to the
the Connecting Source If them to higher which purchased from EPSON (ELPKC19). the and DVD or other turned off. the of the to the Computer1/Component or the Computer2/Component the three of the the and the the RCA A/V as Once the turned to: Select the to or the and the to match and the used: or
the the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
the with the The heat the the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter Then as below. If or the the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually. Turning On the Follow these to and turn the the of the to the the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned the light flashing
Turn or already. Press the top of the to (You the the Remote The and the light flashes as the The about seconds and the light If using should or If to the only: If that found plug-and-play If the Source top of the or the the to switch to Then the DVD or other If prompted to To and the If to appear, What To If You below. with the as the correctly and from overheating. A/V ESC If the the first to the from the as warning the when the This and the
If hear sound and the to the the Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as and DVD If the as follows: On the the Source the projected. On the the Computer1/2 to the connected to the Computer1/Component or Computer2/Component the or the If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the off. Press the Source top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the button.) the the to matches the to which the connected.
If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the If from and the the and to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Displays. Select VGA or LCD or and Click Select the
the If using with OS or You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the Click top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the necessary. Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt To the and surroundings, If displays incorrectly, You other to the as the brightness, and aspect ratiousing the Chapter information Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the the
the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the of If the too it the the Press the foot release each and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the If the the section. Foot
the The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or to manually the correction when or rear Follow the below: To the the the to the then If OFF to highlight this option and Select ON the that appears and to the the To manually the correction the of the the to or the of the correction, slightly You the Directional buttons the
the the Brightness The of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the Advanced brightness the of the and the the You to the to that the and the which If or RGB the which bright other the which The following the when conforming to the (the when from with with bright when bright Theater when or TV bright Blackboard Choose this when to
To the the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the Correcting If connected and the right, or it properly the the the This the and You this to the option the to OFF the function the finished using the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If first; otherwise to to properly. To turn off the the the or You this (If to off, other or seconds the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If using the the cord. If to the You or off through the the
To the or the when the light or flashing the Press the The turned off and the light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to turn the the light flashing. Then the the front as shown. the and the cord. Turn off and the If the while, the that with or protective
the Remote features from anywhere the to the and off, the of and the (The Chapter If and connected the as the as wireless the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to This chapter covers the following information: the the the and sound the as wireless the Remote
the the Battery the the from the as shown below. the it as the Remote of the features with the To the when the to the Then the and the
the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, or the and as Chapter Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the buttons the to switch the Press the Computer1/2 to the or connected to the Computer1/Component or Computer2/Component Press the to or the the appears. The of the selected (such as Computer1 or appears the the Remote Select the or Select the or RGB
A/V the Remote Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the or You such as or to the whenever the A/V information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however; and connected the action the though the Press the or to Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the buttons to the crosshair the to the to the selected to
While the the buttons to about. Press the to the SC to to the the Remote as Wireless the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to To with the the the and as To the the the the and the to the To (or left-click), the To right-click, the To the To and and the and the buttons to where to To the or the Press the or to back the Remote Directional
batteries, the following the as as If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the the Battery Follow these to the battery: Press the towards the of the and the of the the and CR2025 as shown. the back the clicks
the the to to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound and other information Creating own protection Restoring the the
the the The and the from the The the and of the It the the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and The the and input or The allows to or features such as correction, background and The and or which then as the or A/V The Advanced or High brightness the and or The Info information about and or The the factory
the buttons the to the and Follow these Press the the to the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. Press the or buttons to through the the highlighted, the to The highlight to the first option that the buttons or to through the of options. (The options which selected.) the option to highlighted, the to Then the buttons to the The indicated Press the and buttons to and then to the The the options the Directional buttons If to back to the and then
the Press the to to the or to the the automatically. Press the to the the The to the The options which selected: RGB Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the
the buttons and to of the following Press and of the buttons to the the right, or Tracking only) from matching the internal clock to information about the only) Corrects or screen the with the from the information about the Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the or intensity of the only) the of to the Sharpness or the Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or bright bright the If repositioned the then the the to the You High Brightness or Brightness the Advanced
to the with of the Source buttons the the Theatre: with (the or and TV bright displays (the when from with Blackboard: when This should match the to which selected connected, such as Computer1 when connected to the Computer1/Component connected, choose or the type of (You which the of the only) this ON to the Turn off to to the only) this PAL PAL60 Aspect Ratio only) to and to the correctly, or
the Sound You the to the sound and the input Press the You the the You the following: To increase or the sound, and the buttons to If input than the and then or Then finished the or the
the the to the the and other features. Press the button. Select the Press and then the buttons and the button to the following from to Automatically from to when the or retracted. (Not when from the or using rear Select ON or OFF Selects whether the displays the following when the switched, or when received, when the when incompatible input, and when the to
Background the background to or when the A/V pressed. If the Protect function to ON the to Black or The Protect function first. or the which the off when the input finished, or Advanced the Advanced to the brightness the and/or and other features. Press the Select the Advanced You the features and their the right the instructions creating
The option turned off the Protect turned the Press and the buttons and the to the following Brightness Select brightness when the too bright the The reduces the electricity and Select High to the brightness. the Brightness the Screen Turn to the or whenever the turned information. the whiteness of the RGB: the RGB front of the front of the mounted from the Rear: the Rear/Ceiling: the mounted from the COM Turn USB only the from with the EMP 21L software. This software from the EPSON (You the off and then to the Select from to the finished, or
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and the About You the and the right: RGB, RGB, RGB The of the from about hours High brightness to about hours brightness If the shown to finished, or the If the About when the to the life, and The the least
If the Protect function ON, that the recorded. to the Protect function or the the Creating You to the and then as the and/or the that when the A/V The photograph, or other to The this the the Follow these to the and to the the to the You from or such as VCR or Press the and the to the as Select and selection displays the the buttons to the of the to Once selected the the Select this choose and If to the selected, and through
the buttons the to and then the as and the the or other while the the Completed, or Choosing to the Screen as the and/or the background which when the A/V button. Press the to the already To the as the background when the A/V pressed, the and Select Background choose and Then To the the Advanced and Select highlight ON and finished, or the If the Protect function to ON the from to Black or to turn the function off first.
If should to the and the to the the to proceed. the Protection To unauthorized of the If appears the whenever the turned If the incorrectly three the operation and to the cord, then to redisplay the If incorrect the and to EPSON to Where To If created the (as the as the and/or Unauthorized users turn off or This to theft and to the should Additionally, using the while to that temporarily the that the reactivated and the used. Follow the instructions below to first the and then the and/or protection. to the otherwise, of the
Press the the about seconds, the Protect Select and You the the Select and using the the The as the appears. the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and To the ON Protect and Select ON then If to the temporarily, and Then the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the turned the to 0H The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to If already the Protect Release Starting the with the these buttons to the
the To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the turned the and as the A/V the the Background of the when the Protect function Press to the Protect If the to the the You the the the Remote the the passed, and the correctly, the to and the countdown to or this when to. Starting the with the function this when the the buttons to the that Once the correctly, the and
If the correct, the Please try If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release try to the If the EPSON with the that appears the Protect Release Where To If incorrect the locked and EPSON to Restoring the The option the to their Select and the the to the to the or to the The and to their when
the
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and the to the clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the and overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the Transporting the and Transporting the
to clean the and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and the the clogged, the displays the The overheated. To clean the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Turn the upside-down, as shown below. To clean the EPSON using and other office If the (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON to The V13H134A05) please to and Transporting the included. You should the when the
and Transporting the If to the the the and to the the as shown below. the the and then the other clicks
the The typically about hours of High or hours brightness It to the when: The or to The light flashing The appears the when the To and quality, the as as or EPSON the United States V13H010L27 please to Follow these to the Turn off the the light flashing and the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the cool). Turn the to the the screwdriver included with the to the of the cover the of the Then off the cover. and Transporting the You to hours the used. the cool If the the shards to
warning This includes that mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the touch the of the assembly. Touching the and Transporting the the screwdriver to the screws the The screws the the of the (You cant the screws.) Dont these screws the the top, as shown, and straight Gently the as shown below. Once the its screws.
the cover the arrows the cover with the arrows the Then the cover clicks the as below. the You the the to clear the Follow these the and turn the Press the the and the Info Then You the following: and Transporting the the the If the the of hours that the used.
EPSON incurred and the Press to the option. You the following: Select and Press to to the or the button to the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first the carrying then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to the carrying
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
You the the to On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the The following choices the the sound selection Follow these to Press the the You the Press to or Press the of the Select the to highlight of the Then the Source the to Press the of the Select the to highlight the to Then the Source to the
Highlight this choice Then the Source) to the Highlight and the Source to back If the to of the the of the Select the to To the the If of the to the following What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when Warning light light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the the following
Warning light light Flashing Flashing Overheating The overheated and turned off. cool then back there of around and the the If to overheat, to the Flashing High (quickly) The or You or the to Flashing Warming The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing Cooling The cooling the light to without flashing There internal the Turn the off and EPSON The or correctly; or the the cover or or reseat the necessary, as If to the The too the surrounding the C) and there of around and the Clean the necessary. instructions.
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The or If the input off the to the and If the light the to the Press the A/V to the off temporarily. If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the or the to the selected information. the option the to OFF the Brightness the or High the Brightness the Advanced or The or the
Nothing appears the the VGA connected to and the Computer1/Component It connected the to the Computer2/Component the from connected to the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter the to or turned If connected and or to the Source the or the Computer1/2 or the to the Allow seconds the to the If connected to If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or or CRT/LCD On the the LCD and the or both the
might to the the to that both the LCD and or If using or with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or then If using or with OS From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the screen as as the LCD If the isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) The Not Supported displayed. UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. the selected the It should normally to
of the displayed. You to the the information. If the Aspect Ratio to back to instructions. correct. Ideally, should the or the to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: On the Apple choose Preferences then Select OS On the Apple choose then or and Sound Select You to existing created them software information. If the the to and to The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the upward, the the top. Turn correction as or the or of the top of the the
The or If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD the or the the securely connected. Select the Compatible the and Tracking the The the using the the off. There or smears the Clean the as the You to the from the within the the Sharpness the You should to the the immediately. If from to the Tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory
of the used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing when these to appear as background. try text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. selecting If the and the instructions. the Brightness and the the the Advanced If the appear too or too that the or the to the If the the nearing the hours as and necessary, as
There sound. turning the the the A/V function If VCR or other its turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as the connected to the or If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or the turned the or to this clicking the right of the The selected. Press the Source the the Computer1/2 or the the the the
You the the that appears the Protect Release and EPSON. Where To If turned the the and the You the You the to the If necessary, purchase from EPSON V12H007T13). with the Remote The to commands. the from the as within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). The correctly or the as the lights and off the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater.
You the You the to features. If another from EPSON V12H007T13). To the the beneath the as You cant the with the the securely connected to both or USB and the USB RS232C selected as the COM the Advanced To the USB PC, clean of XP, or The correctly from Where To EPSON technical through services hours as the following Service World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access templates, and
Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or Product (located the of the or of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
A: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active LCD inches F=1.70 to to Brightness (ANSI) (High brightness brightness ratio to inches to to to Projection rear, sound aspect ratio ratio (High brightness brightness correction DNX ICs this A: Technical Specifications
A: Technical Specifications Projection About hours (High brightness); hours brightness) V13H010L27 Battery CR2025 lithium to inches to inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, Supports USB
to F to C) to RH, and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC EN EN to F to C) to RH, A: Technical Specifications
A: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the and HDTV below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385
Refresh Rate UXGA48i UXGA60 MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV The resized using the only; the the only; the the only; the A: Technical Specifications
A: Technical Specifications Assignments The RGB, its assignments: GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND SDA SCL
B: Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or company. the outlet where the easily fiche the the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in B: Notices
B: Notices of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other This includes that mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy to the immediately Allow the to cool approximately hour the of the to F to C). Doing and the leading to the of the to F to C)or of Doing to the the with the The heat the the The than active of the or constantly
Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the correctly, computer-based directly from the B: Notices
B: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-54/74
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. B: Notices
B: Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write Inc., P.O. CA B: Notices
B: Notices