EPSON PM
written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the of the information Neither from the of the information or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and third or incurred purchaser or third as of: instructions. PM SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and FaxAdvice of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those CPD-7925 Copyright Inc. California, USA
WARNING: the when the turned the bright light and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing children the when cover the the to service Information About Information PM WARNING: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and rear of the The to commands the following These commonly the following: There the IR and the IR the Other that such as heater, the The them. the lighting and/or off lights. light the IR receiver. of lighting used. light too bright. directly from the containing of the If the properly, computer-based coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that
This tested and found to comply with the Class to and, and with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the user to to the interference or reception. there that interference interference installation. This and of the FCC These to reasonable protection installation. If this interference to and reception, which or of the following FCC United States PM of this and interference which the established the FCC interfaces. or the the this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC WARNING authority to the the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Increase the the and receiver. or the toutes This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations.
PM that allows to and such as VCR or You three or workstation You to lightweight, each Introduction of the and VGA to SXGA with to It bright that easily light enough to displayed SVGA of the or XGA The of inputs, from You built-in 3D Sound when further required.
front, rear, or This choosing the each the from and You through hand-held Additionally, the ELP III software to The as wireless to operations with switching and with effects. PM features of VGA, SVGA, XGA, and SXGA what type of used, the of clarity. PAL, or SECAM. The the the SPARCstation (The recommended with high-end workstations). The NTSC, The of and workstations: and computers, and workstations such as which or Chapter and IBM and Apple Macintosh, Introduction
the the and To the of the this section summary of the with of features that to features. the of PM The buttons the to the (with the ELP III software) and the and off, and to and You the to switching. the buttons to of Remote electricity automatically turning off the the electricity, cooling the and the of the the the turned off, conserving The buttons the the buttons. the of
To of the EPSON the following: Customized carrying the and its ELPKS12 ELPKS10 Shell Carrying Soft Shell Carrying Optional PM to There to You the VGA-13W3 connecting the Communication and ELPKC04 ELPKC02 ELPKC06 ELPKC07 ELPAP01 to high-end workstation. ELP VGA-5BNC VGA-13W3 ELPLP05 and ELPLL01 throw ELPSC06 ELPST02 ELPPAS1 Mediaphile PAS You purchase these from or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please EPSON or Introduction
instructions to these where otherwise noted. This to and the EPSON and The About This PM or other optional and instructions to it to Chapter the the using the and the to the and the Chapter the to the and the operating the of the and Chapter the to the built-in to the and such as bass and Chapter the ELP III Software to the ELP III software to the from the and the Chapter covers and About This lights and helpful information Chapter Troubleshooting, to and
Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical specifications the and Index the of the Where to PM If or first Chapter Troubleshooting. If the EPSON technical through services and services hours The following the information. Services From the reach World to parity. software You the EPSON Download Service to EPSON Download Service (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the If FTP and as the EPSON FTP Access Service of CompuServe type GO EPSON the free introductory CompuServe membership, to reach the America and EPSON CompuServe Introduction
to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON SoundAdvice SM Automated Telephone Services Access Service PM You to Access technical information this service. EPSON FaxAdvice or Customer the location of Authorized EPSON EPSON Service follow the instructions the back of the EPSON Technical included with and AM PM the Technical through or charges apply. (PIN) EPSON Technical please the following information ready: Product Product Where to of the
or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please You purchase from EPSON Instructions PM the type of indicated the If of the or the or Follow these instructions when and using the the or of heat. as recommended. properly grounded If to the with the three-wire grounding-type the where the easily the following the to comply with these or fire. the outlet with the the Introduction
the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. This fire or shock. cords, or PM the or other the and the They and the from overheating. or closed-in provided. of through of the service or covers to service this yourself. servicing to as specifically this to and other the or when it heat-producing or heated such as the and top of Instructions
the from the outlet and servicing to service the following If the or to or the or or PM If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service If or the housing Introduction
PM the other and everything The or You connected to or such as VCR, his chapter to to to the or of the following: If the the to the as wireless this the to the or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
the these Unpacking the PM Remote AA (A/V) the
PM connecting to to the ELP III software) the as wireless and/or PS/2 the PC) the Macintosh) the PC) PC Unpacking the Software CD ROM
to the the or carrying carrying the the its (or the hand. instructions.) You these which PM To (One usually with each to the Additional To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to If include (One byor purchased fromApple that To and To the to or other You these items from the
You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right You the PM Positioning the or the the This the The the and the and from the the the to the the somewhere and the below to the where to and or inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches from to You the inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
to the within of the or to You to You the as wireless instead of the and the Effects buttons. the Remote PM Follow these to the the off the cover. the
the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. PM the following the cover. as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the of and You the
You the to of VGA, VGA, XGA, or XGA such IBM Connecting to PM to to high-end workstation; from Graphics, IBM, and (You and only) high-end workstations Apple computers, including and Apple with IBM the section that to both the and turned off finished to to the and the
The below the interface the back of the to to this as or other to the PM Mouse/Com BNC HD/Sync VD Mouse/Com IR To the to PC to: the and the and/or to the as or the ELP III software) Connecting to PC R/R-Y G/Y B/B-Y Connecting to the with
off the and they Follow the each section the to the location of the to Connecting the and PM First the and to this while following the below. Computer the
If the as below. (This when to the to the as shown as the the from the the back of Then the the PM of the to the the Connecting to
the other of the to the Tighten the screws Connecting the and PM The (to the ELP III software and the Effects buttons the III software, to the It If to the as or the ELP The PS/2 (to the as to this while following the below. PS/2 Mouse/Com the
the the of the to the connecting PM To the as wireless the of the PS/2 included with the to the MOUSE the of the included with the from the the back of and with the other of the PS/2 while using the as Connecting to the PC instead of the PS/2 shown If and the
To the ELP III software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the SERIAL the of the PM You to ELP III software only that to the other of the to the the back of Tighten the screws the
If using of the to the the the connecting Connecting the PM the other of the to the or the computers sound Connecting to
To the to PC to: the and/or to the as or the ELP III software) Connecting to PC the PM off the and they Follow the each section the to the location of the to the with Connecting the First the to of the to the the connecting the
the other of the to the the screws Connecting the and PM The (to the ELP III software and the Effects buttons the III software, to the It If to the as or the ELP The PS/2 (to the as to this while following the below. PS/2 Mouse/Com Connecting to
Mouse/Com Mouse/Com the the of the to the PM To the as wireless the of the PS/2 included with the to the MOUSE the of the the of the PS/2 to the the PC instead of the PS/2 shown If and using the the
To the ELP III software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the SERIAL the of the PM You to ELP III software only that to the other of the to the the back of and the this with the function or the You to the to appear both the or instructions. to with Connecting to
If using of the to the the the Connecting the PM the other of the to the
the and To the to Macintosh, to: the and/or to the as or the ELP III software) Connecting to PM off the and they Follow the each section the to the location of the to the with Connecting to
First the and to this as follow the below. Connecting the and PM the
of the to the the PM the the (as shown below) and its DIP switches with the to such as 16-inch instructions. Connecting to
the of the to the other of the PM Disconnect the from the the back of the Macintosh. Then the (with the attached) to the the Macintosh. the
To the the the the other of the to the of the to the and PM the screws the Connecting to
III software, to the It If to the as or the ELP The (to the as Connecting the and PM The (to the ELP III software and the Effects the to this while following the below. MAC MAC the
Mouse/Com the to the of the to the PM To the as wireless of MOUSE the to the the of the Disconnect Macintoshs the other of the to the Connecting to
To the ELP III software or the Effects the of the to the SERIAL the of the PM or the other of the to the the back of Macintosh. the
If of the to the the the Connecting the PM the other of the to the Connecting to
to to the To the to to: Connecting to PM match the the the location of locations necessary. off the and they Follow the each section the to the and/or to the as or the ELP III software) the with the the
the to this as follow the below. Connecting the PM allow to the information connecting directly to the without Connecting to
of the to the the PM the cover the and its DIP switches with the to (such as 16-inch instructions. the
the of the to the other of the PM the (with the attached) to the the Connecting to
the of the to the the back of the the other to the If with the of the PM the
III software, to the It If to the as or the ELP The (to the as Connecting the and PM The (to the ELP III software and the Effects the to this while following the below. MAC MAC Mouse/Com Connecting to
Mouse/Com Mouse/Com the the of the to the connecting PM To the as wireless of MOUSE the to the the of the the
the other of the to the the back of the PM of the to the To the ELP III software or the Effects the MAC SERIAL the of the the back of the other of the to the Connecting to
If of the to the the the connecting Connecting the PM the other of the to the Mirroring the to the and to choose the LCD as as the the
leading workstations, this to Since the The and of input these the the of workstation Connecting to High-End Workstation PM There workstation Those workstations The workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 13W3 which (ELPKC06). differently, the ELPKC06 DIP switch to routing. information workstations the (synchronization) workstation. You VCR, player, DVD or other to three-connector (Y, R-Y, RCA The or four-pin B-Y) Connecting to Source Connecting to The with
You the to and the the or first the selects the as the To PM that detected. The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the that the then to type of The type of to the to the with or from or with the the that with The below shows the (A/V) the BNC type whether or the and RCA BNC the
with the If round, four-prong or BNC type to purchase the or the that (RCA) the that If round, one-prong with Turn off the and they To to the PM the RCA of other RCA to the of the to the the Connecting to
of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the the other the to the the other the of the of PM the 2/BNC switch to BNC, the to the R/R-Y, G/Y and B/B-Y the (Dont of the of the the C/R-Y, and B-Y three of BNC the the HD/Sync and VD the 2/BNC switch to BNC. BNC which purchase from The 5BNC EPSON as optional accessory with the
Although the internal enough or the to from the built-in 3D sound function. or (PA) or to Connecting to or PA PM RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to sound to Turn off the and or PA they the to the Connecting to or PA
EPSON offers the Mediaphile PAS amplification. the and information. the the and the the RCA to the amplified or PA white the PM Its to the and its attached the following The internal when used. Turning the On and ready to off the them off the (such as VCR), from or amplified or PA necessary) the
of the to the Follow these to the Turning the On and PM light the indicating that the other to grounded The the (The turned the Turning the On and
Press the the or to the The light flashes as the Warning: the when the This If or attached, the or It that the projected. Allow about seconds PM The and the light flashes about seconds as the cools down.When the to the cooled flashing The light If the to the back while the light there appears. the when the light or the the the cord. the
PM the the with the and the his chapter the following information about using Positioning the to the the operating Focusing and positioning the
lights The below the of PM foot front, rear, and allowing If or to this the information. to choose the foot Positioning the the
from or the the as closely as with the of the the height and to the To the when to PM Positioning the
from the the as closely as with the top of PM the below. that the The the and the the To the of the rotating the (or to the of information.) and Projection the
Inches: To the and of when know the PM To the when the of the Inches: inches inches inches* from to the three installations: Positioning the of inches, the to from the the of the inches inches inches inches inches inches
If using the optional throw the following instead: To the and of when know the Throw PM To the when know the of the Inches: the
Focusing and Positioning the appears that and correctly the PM To the of the the (the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to To the the (the the Focusing and Positioning the
If to or the the or the the of the as follows: Dont or the its This the they and Dont the and the front of while the foot located the This the the PM While the or the the correctly positioned. foot foot clockwise to the height, and counterclockwise If to the height of the the to the Release the to the their the
Either the the of the or or below XGA the With below SVGA the or choose from the The the of input from PM You choose from with Either of the or the than SVGA or XGA or The reduces the to the or with XGA the or The with SVGA the electricity turning off the the and the amount of the This Theres both the and
electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the cord. the PM Access the to the and You the or the top of the to the following Switch input or Turn the or off only) only) or or the the
the Remote PM top You within from the front You the to about from the (This shorter the or of the receivers The line-of-sight To the located the front and back of the the
The to commands these light too bright; type of light (such as heater). Correct these to the receiver; or other light (such as sunlight) the or the from PM the to the or the as when the connected to the with the and the Switches and and from to the BNC switch the back of the to BNC, the switched to BNC.) Source The following the or the Function to effects with the ELP III software. instructions.) Effects buttons Acts as right click, selects option, and activates other Acts as click, selects option, and activates other Top Clears the of and switches to or or the
SVGA, and SXGA input. You the the input matches the of the (SVGA Switches the and VGA, XGA, the or XGA the and Function PM Accesses Custom Preview, and information. Custom the or the or the the off the
the PM You the to the instead of the and the features when the the
Switches and and from to the 2/BNC switch the back of the to BNC, the switched to 5BNC.) Source The following the or Function PM the graphic these to that or or to items operations. within the displayed. arrows the internal clock to graphic (tracking or the right these buttons to with or to operations. matches the output of the (SVGA Switches the and VGA, XGA, SVGA, and SXGA input. You cant the the input the or XGA the Allows within the displayed. Selects option. off the Clears the screen of effects and switches to or or the
The lights top of the the operating Lights PM light light light light serious Chapter what to light the
(The Steady Light PM Light The Allow about seconds. Flashing There internal The cooling Flashing and Steady Light Projection Light Projection burned to Steady with or supply. Flashing replacing. flashing and functioning normally. Lights
turned off of overheating. Steady too Flashing Light PM Light with the cooling or Flashing The functioning normally. the
PM the The features, such as the and 3D sound. to from the or the The the and of the and whether the or VCR). The of and through the Custom The Custom allows to features such as
The the factory the The About information about H/V hours, and selection. Accessing the PM To the the the or the The appears: Press the to the the
The following shows of the of options appears to the right. The options whether the the or when the the PM Accessing the
Press the the or to the To PM Press the or or or the to through the buttons and the
Press the or the top or to to PM top Press the or or or the to through the Press the or right arrow buttons or right or the to of the or the top or to finished back to the The automatically.
The each of the below. Source Computer) Press the to PM the to or to The connected and and the these The following options when the The to to the or item the or to to the Source Computer). Select this item and then the right arrow Then the or and right to the or right the to the the Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the Tracking with the tracking from the this to or or the Increase to or to the Brightness the
to light lighter and Decrease the light and areas. Increase the to the light and areas. the of the input item PM Next, the or and right to the selected Increase the the and the the or to to the the turning this item allows the to the input and to the If the this off and choosing manually. Select this item and then the right arrow Then the or and or right the to the buttons to Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the or the to clear the If and then without Select and then the or to the items to their factory Source Computer)
The following options when the The to to the Source PM (such as VCR or connected and operating to these options the actually The to and the the from VCR). or the Increase brightness to or to the Brightness Decrease to the the lightest Increase the to light and the of light and areas. and of the item the of the Increase to or to red. (NTSC only) Increase the and Decrease lighter and the sharpness of the Sharpness the Normally this If selection reason, this should AUTO to the type of to manually NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. the
Select this item and then the right arrow or the to the or right the to the Next, and then items to their factory item PM The to related to If and then or the to clear the without item Increase the to the or to the the tone of the (Press the right arrow increase the the arrow or the or right the to the to the the the and the bass tone of the
Select this item and then the or Next, and then or to the the to the the input. sound, increase this 3D Sound items to their factory item PM If and then or the to clear the without the
The item PM To the precisely, the then the right arrow or right the Select the to and then the and the selected within the while to the right or the to the selected high the the whiteness of the The white, white, and white. Temporarily displays the to which or the Prompt Press the or to to the Mirrors the its (top-bottom). Selecting ON this option when the mounted from the while OFF off Turn while OFF off Turn Mirrors the its (left-right). Selecting ON this option when from Rear Projection whether or user displays when the information about creating
the switching to when from input to another. right, and expands from from to to right. Right switching item PM from to right, and expands from to right. Left-Right: from and expands from Selects the English, Spanish, or Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input Select to the wireless to the connected to the only. Select to assign the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com only. and the Mouse/Com Mouse/Com the
Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the or the to the Next, and then option items to their factory the BNC input. BNC Format item PM If and then or the to clear the without The Custom allows to to features, such as or effects. Custom the other the Custom that the function. to the below of those functions Custom the to Custom and to them. Custom To the Custom from the highlighted. Custom
function. appears the right of the while the function the Custom Press the Custom to the Function item The Custom PM The following while the function the of the Each of the displayed the of the displayed reducing of the top right, and to closely Press the to of the You the of the input and the from the three input function. Press right the to Press the Custom to the Preview. the top to the input the Custom or the The function the
the The To the function, the Custom then right the to function the Then the Custom Custom Allows to to from to second. Function item PM Press the top while the to specifying the as or and the from of flashed and the them. You the of to of the Press the Custom to Press the top to clear Custom
The About displays information about the and hours, and Function item PM About the of hours the used. which selected the back of the BNC or 2/BNC the and H/V The the to their Select and the the or the to the Select to the or to the
PM the ELP III Software ELP III software from graphics You the software to or to and the buttons the
ELP III software with the following operating the Software PM the and to the ELP III the software, the properly connected to Chapter instructions software. OS and OS Connecting or NT the Software CD CD-ROM Follow these to ELP III or or NT: Turn and the Software If the then If or NT, and then the ELP III Software
OK or You the ELP III CD-ROM E), then E:\SETUP The appears. the the the the software and OK PM ELP III V2.0 You of items to and ELP checked. If to the Then ELP III You the ELP III Click V2.0 the software. Then the the ELP III Follow the instructions the to directory or to the ELP Click Next You the Software the and the the Software QUIT to the ELP III If selected to the and follow the on-screen instructions to them.
the Software CD CD-ROM Follow these to the software the Macintosh: the Software the CD-ROM necessary. PM ELP III You the ELP III Click V2.0 You to the OK software. Select and You the Software the and Double-click the You the Click The the to software. If the as the to the and the to Follow the the section below to the the software. the finished, the Software If slightly than the this chapter. the ELP III Software
the ELP III group. If If the ELP III or NT, then ELP III and then the ELP the Software from PM The ELP III appears the of or the or NT. and Then the COM the or to incorrect COM If to the software without the connected, Unconnected and Select If connected, If to or the software with the disconnected, because the Click the The ELP III appears. the Software
the to). Then the Option and (whichever Helpappear the top of the If ELP COM III the first from the Option then Property to the ELP III ELP III and three Option, and or choose the the Software Double-click the the PM The ELP III software to: the Software Unconnected and If from the Option the exiting ELP III the correctly the the Remote Effects and features the Effects buttons them to operations, such as You assign functions to the Effects buttons the or the You the Effects from the ELP III the ELP III Software
the Effects the ELP III To assign function to Effects the then choose function from the pull-down information.) Function and PM Effects button, and the and the to the Once To the Effects buttons, the ELP III software or the to function as The below these functions and to them. and Function the Then the once to the the to the To another the from the created and the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the to the once to the of the the the Then the to the of the To another the from the created and the to the the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the the straight the the Software
to the of the of the To another the from the once to the of of the created and the to the the the Then the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the the the and Function PM To another the from the created and Press the Effects assigned to this the the Press the to the the to the Creates or You this function to highlight of the with or Press the Effects assigned to this the to Effects to the To another the from the created and the the where the to appear. Then the assigned to the or of the Press the assigned Effects to the Press the assigned Effects to clear the Clears Effects Screen Clear the Cursor This when often to type of characters Press the assigned Effects to type the the ELP III Software
the the To or function, with or as Functions PM to the and function from the to function to the that Each of the Effects buttons assigned function. If the Software
Once assigned to or Effects buttons, options each function. To to the following appears. (The options and displayed which functions currently assigned to the Effects buttons.) Effects PM to and each To the the the and top buttons, respectively.) right (If the as To each the and then the Click the the function to then wish. OK To the the ELP III Software
Specify whether to the to the corners of the of the of the The following the options each function. Specify the from to Function PM Click this to the background text or through the Click this to the background text or through the Click this to the with Specify the from to Choose the Choose the Click this to round the corners of the Click this to the background text or through the Click this to the with Specify the from to Specify the from to the Choose the the Software Click this to the background text or through the Click the to used. Choose or Direction
to characters, including combinations such as Ctrl A, the field. The Backspace and recorded. Cursor Click the to used. options Clear Function PM Although of assignments, only active Click the to than of assignments. Click the Clear to clear the assignment. and Recalling Effects Assignments To Effects assignments, To of assignments from the its and then To of assignments, and the To of assignments, its from the To without the from the the ELP III Software
If the COM when the software, or the COM to which the connected, the COM from the ELP III software. the COM Assignment PM You the to the following features: Choose COM from the that appears. Select from the the Software
the ELP III Follow these to the from the PM Select the the of the The appears: the Software information about the the ELP III Software
To of the buttons below: the PM Click the The following appears: Down, Brightness On, the Software
Click the the to or of the following Option PM the (synchronization) to the of red, and the the and tracking to Tracking brightness. Brightness or of the graphic from the to the the currently selected. to their the ELP III Software
brightness. Brightness Option PM SECAM. AUTO the to the received. Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, or the currently selected. the tint. (NTSC only) sharpness. Sharpness the to their the Software
sound the Option PM sound effects. increase the the 3D Sound the currently selected. to their the the ELP III Software
The Black Option Option PM the should when the to Right and appear from the to the right. and appear from the top of the to the right. appear from the of the and to the Turns the off. this when to the back of the to right. Rear the to specify the amount of and the used: white) High red) the Software this when the the the top to Temporarily displays the which or the Prompt
the input as RGB or Y, R-Y, B-Y. BNC Format the currently selected. Option PM the from the connected the the selected the specified of and the Function to their Option Custom the of which to the Counts the the seconds. the currently selected. the ELP III Software
Click the The following appears: the PM and or to the the bitmapped from the specified. Either type the or The should character-based You to that the properly. Choose of the following: the Software Click to the selected. Then
Click the The appears. Specifying PM and and Click to the selected. Select the the ELP III Software
then to or to the You or from the Click the The appears. Creating PM the Software
Click the button. The following appears. PM Select To the the and the OK Click to the The reappears. To increase or the which the displays, from the TIFF, JPG, PSO) The selected appears the the Click the to and (or Click the to to The appears. You with the the ELP III Software
To the that appears the of the the to and Download To to the the and follow the the PM Click to to the the Software
PM the ELP III Software
PM clean or smears appear the You to to cool the and You should the the the of the from overheating. other replacing, or service The should the and If
Warning: of the off the severely. to service this yourself, as and the cord. the the and covers. the specifically this other servicing to service PM the with cloth. To or Clean the whenever or the Lightly smears the cloth with and the Cleaning the Cleaning the or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and To the first the cord. To Then the thinner, or other These the to
Clean the the of the every hours This overheating and of If cleaned periodically, become with the To the follow these Cleaning the PM Turn the its that the top and the easily. the to release the cover. the cover. the with the the top from the housing. Turn off the and the Cleaning the
or EPSON If the to or the torn, the United States and to recommended that and other office to the If The attached to the of the cover. It lint-free cloth. PM The typically about hours of It to the when: the cover when the The light red, or flashing and alternately. Warning: the cool Also, the or EPSON of the assembly. Touching the of the the United States and ELPLP05. The LAMP REPLACE appears the screen when the The or to
screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws from the screwdriver, coin, or to the cover. Turn the the cover. Turn off the and the PM the
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the (You these screws.) PM the and the
the cover securely The off the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely. Tighten the screws the Gently the lowering PM to please follow these to The and If the of cushioning If the the repairs, the around the Transporting the hand-carrying the to hard-shell or carrying (such as the optional offered EPSON). the business first the hard-shell carrying (such as the optional EPSON accessory then firm cushioning around the Transporting the EPSON incurred
PM
PM Troubleshooting and information to with the his chapter the indicated the warning lights It the following with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the this section the to commands. with the this section or the
the or EPSON as If the section and follow that apply to If of the with the PM If with the first off and These lights to with the the lights the top of the Then the back and the If this light light light light Troubleshooting
The too and turned off automatically. The Flashing Light PM The to replaced. the Chapter instructions.) flashing and or Projection Theres with the supply, or malfunction the Flashing Theres with the cooling or service Flashing The off and the cooling Flashing of internal The off service The operating normally. The Flashing The with the the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the
The cooling the light off and then the The light flashing and the The light PM or to or the light red. securely both the outlet and the and the Turn off the that the connected and reseating the the as Chapter The light red. If the to overheat clean the the Warning: as specifically this caused to the cooling or internal service to service this yourself. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The Clean as Chapter and then the cool awhile. Troubleshooting
The them. The to commands. with the PM the wireless when the ELP III software. selected the COM If necessary, the COM from the information. the receivers. the lighting and Light that too or of lighting off the of sunlight. the securely connected to both and the Chapter Turn off that such as heater. with the
that the light and the off. the correctly, as with the or Sound appear the PM the If the with If the higher than right-click the the and the to the higher than the or this choose the the group. and then choose the choose Macintosh, choose the Apple the the If the selected. and or another the and Displays the or the to choose another Source The selected. Press the of the displayed. You to existing created them software information. Troubleshooting
connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the that the DIP switches instructions.) NO SIGNAL displayed, the the securely attached to both the selected correctly. If attached to and the Then that the correctly. The NO SIGNAL displayed. PM The the the the displayed. There or smears the Clean the as the Tracking and the Brightness and the If buttons the The or of the or The of the right. with the or Sound of red, and If the and the option the to the The incorrect. If (NTSC only) the
that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the Also, that the There sound. PM Source The selected. Press the the or to the Troubleshooting
PM and Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) (MLA) built of Technical Specifications SVGA, XGA, inches of F=2.02.3, (ANSI) (ANSI) Brightness
to inches to to inches to to to Projection PM rear, mount) Projection NTSC, PAL, PAL-M, PAL-N, SECAM interface Supported aspect ratio to ratio hours UHE High Efficiency) Projection ELPLP05 Remote AA Technical Specifications
PM Supports PS/2, ADB Interface Supports IR repeaters, Mechanical Height inches Rated inches inches supply to VAC, to VAC,
to to C), to to C), to RH, Humidity PM CSA C22.2 DOC SOR/88-475 to RH, FCC 15J Class UL1950 United States Technical Specifications
type The following the the PM and Apple EGA, VGA EGA VGA60, VESA VGA CGA VGA Text VGA Text SVGA SXGA SXGA SXGA XGA IBM PC IBM PC and The of allow the to correctly. PAL, SECAM NTSC TV
and and assignments RGB, the assignments: The and and PM (ID GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND GND GND (ID GND GND SDA Technical Specifications
PM The recording and of using red, and synchronization Brightness. The of light and and synchronization information type of that and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of Contrast. of the tonal the highlights white and NTSC. the National NTSC North and
of or One inch. PAL (Phase New Zealand, and of Africa. PM of the amount of contained measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. TV Eastern and SECAM of Africa. RGB. type of that as of red, and type of S-VHS It and XGA. Graphics SXGA higher than XGA. power-saving which the turned off when the amount of the VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of XGA. Graphics XGA higher than VGA.