EPSON 5500C/7500C PM
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Copyright Notice PM or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and third or incurred purchaser or third as of: instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those SoundAdvice service and FaxAdvice of America, Inc. CPD-8045 Copyright Inc. CA USA
Information About Information PM and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing Warning: the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the to service the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front of the The to commands the following These commonly the following There the IR and the IR the Other that such as heater, the light the IR receiver. of lighting used. light too bright. coverings and/or the of sunlight. The them. the lighting and/or turn off lights. Turn off other that
directly from the containing of the If the properly, computer-based This tested and found to comply with the Class to and, and with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the user to to the interference or reception. there that interference interference installation. This and of the FCC These to reasonable protection installation. If this interference to and reception, which or of the following FCC United States PM the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Increase the the and receiver. or the of this and interference which the established the FCC interfaces. or the the this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. WARNING toutes
PM such as VCR or You 7500C) and You to that SVGA 5500C) or XGA PC or Apple EPSON lightweight each Introduction 7500C). bright that SVGA of 5500C) or XGA of easily light enough to You The built-in SRS 3D Sound when further amplification required.
software to the from and You through The as wireless to Additionally, the optional ELP III operations with switching and the effects. This choosing the front, rear, or each PM of 7500C, the to VGA, SVGA, or SXGA the XGA what type of used, the the 5500C, the VGA or XGA the SVGA On the of clarity. or Chapter IBM and as computers. The NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. The the which as Apple and and Introduction
the the and with of that allow to this section summary of the features. the of PM The the the and off, and to and with the optional ELP III software and the switching. the buttons to You the of Remote conserving electricity, cooling the and the the electricity turning off the the the turned off, of the the of buttons and such as The buttons the the the and
To of the EPSON the following optional ELPLP06 and Optional PM ELPSW03 (includes ELP III software ELP III PC and ELPKC02 ELPKS13 and Soft ELPKS14 You purchase these from or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please EPSON Accessories or ELPSW04 (includes ELP III software ELP III and ELPAP01 ELPSC06 Introduction
5500C and 7500C where This to and the EPSON noted, the instructions apply to both About This PM to the and the of the to the the and such as bass and Chapter instructions to and to or the that apply to and the the to the or the the ELP III and the optional ELP III Chapter the ELP III Software, to software to the or effects. to and quality, and Chapter Troubleshooting, to warning lights and helpful information About This
and the of the Technical Specifications, the technical the PM Introduction
the or Follow these instructions when and using the Instructions PM of the or the type of indicated the If the outlet where the easily the or of heat. only as recommended. the following the to comply with these or fire. to the with the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If fiche Instructions This fire or shock. outlets, cords, or the outlet with the the
the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the or other the and the They and the from overheating. or closed-in the where the It or to the PM service or covers to service this yourself. servicing to as specifically this to and other of through of the the or when the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the and top of heat-producing or heated the or or If the or to or Introduction
instructions, or it performance, If normally when follow the operating indicating service If or the housing Where to PM If or technical through services and telephone services hours as the Troubleshooting. If cant the EPSON the the or Chapter following Services If FTP (or ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and other software FTP downloading) to as the EPSON FTP From the reach World Access Service Where to
of CompuServe type GO EPSON the introductory CompuServe membership, to reach the America free and EPSON CompuServe Access Service Wednesday, PM about EPSON products hours to commonly EPSON SoundAdvice SM You to Access technical information library this service. EPSON FaxAdvice Access Service Automated Telephone Services required, follow the instructions the back of the EPSON Technical included with through or the Technical the U.S. and AM PM charges apply. EPSON or Customer the location of Authorized EPSON Service please the following information ready: Introduction
(PIN) EPSON Technical Product Product PM (U.S. only). please or www.epsonsupplies.com You purchase from EPSON of the Where to
PM the to the as wireless If the the this the and to other The to or such as VCR, or You to: his chapter to and The the or the to or both another such as
the to to the Unpacking the PM the these AA
(A/V) PM PS/2 the PC) the Macintosh) software CD-ROM the Soft carrying
the its (or hand. Transporting the to the the the or carrying carrying the instructions.) the of these PM of the from or to the the optional ELP III You purchase the from or EPSON (U.S. only). to the these Additional To the to and (One byor If include purchased fromApple that To (One usually with each
RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to sound repeater. information, or this line-of-sight of the optional To the when the www.xantech.com PM MicroSaver anti-theft the the right of the To or other You To to these items from or the the This the its right the the Strap the Strap
the the front of the and the the front front PM of the through the front and and the screw through the screw
the other of the through the rear and the screw. There the PM You the as wireless instead of to With the optional ELP III the Effects buttons. Follow these to the the off the the Remote the Remote
the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. PM the following the cover. as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the the of and batteries.
where to the and or to the the and the the from the the below to the within of the or The the and and or the the this the You the PM from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches You the inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
You the to of XGA, VGA, or SVGA The 7500C of SXGA the as follows: Connecting to PM Apple including and 7500C: VGA, SVGA, and SXGA Apple with The following of supported: 5500C: VGA and XGA IBM PC IBM PC To the and (to the wireless as the section this chapter that to To the and to the optional ELP III software, Chapter
off the and they the and Connecting to PC PM the from the the back of the and the other of the to the the location of the to of the to the Connecting to
This useful when to the To the the the to the the Tighten the screws PM If to the as the the If the optional ELP III software, as to the included the ELP III instead. Follow the instructions to the PS/2 Mouse/Com the back of and with the of the PS/2 included with the Disconnect the PS/2 from the
You the optional ELP III to the to with Chapter information. the other of the PS/2 to the Mouse/Com PM the of the to the the the other of the to the sound the Connecting to If using the optional ELP III software, Chapter instructions the
off the and they the Connecting to PC PM the location of the to the other of the to the of the to the Tighten the screws both
If the optional ELP III software, as to the included the ELP III instead. Follow the instructions to the If to the as the the PM Mouse/Com the to with Chapter the optional ELP III to information. the of the PS/2 included with the to the PS/2 Connecting to the other of the PS/2 to the Mouse/Com
the (and PM If the optional ELP III software, Chapter instructions connecting the of the to the the the other of the to the
off the and they the and Connecting to PM the location of the to of the to the Connecting to
the cover (as shown below) and the DIP to (such as 16-inch switches the to the instructions. PM Disconnect the from the the back of the Macintosh. the (with to the other of the and the of the attached) to the
to the and the to the If to or the the of the Tighten the screws PM If the optional ELP III software, as to the included the ELP III instead. Follow the instructions to the If to the as the the Mouse/Com Connecting to
of the to the Macintoshs the the other of the to the Mouse/Com PM the of the to the the the other of the to the If the optional ELP III software, instructions connecting the
off the and they to to the Connecting to PM the directly to the without using to the the location of match the information Connecting to of the to the
the cover (as shown below) and the DIP to (such as 16-inch switches the to the instructions. PM the of the to the other of the of the that with to the the back of the
the other of the to the (with attached). If to the as the the Tighten the screws the PM If the optional ELP III software, as to the included the ELP III instead. Follow the instructions to the the of the to the Connecting to the other of the to the
the PM of the to the the If using the optional ELP III software, Chapter instructions connecting the (This the LCD as as the the and to choose Mirroring the to the which the other of the to the
RCA The or four-pin You VCR, DVD or other to Connecting to Source PM whether or the (A/V) with the the with The type of to the to the or from The with and and the that the then to The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM specify that type of You the to or the selects the as the To first the Connecting to
off the and they the If If round, four-prong to purchase the the (A/V) that with the round, one-prong (RCA) or the that with PM the RCA the other yellow RCA to the of of the to the the the the the other of the the white the and the other the to the of the to the of the
the other the of the of PM or (PA) or to or the to Although the internal enough from the built-in 3D sound function. Connecting to or PA Connecting to or PA To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 from
off the and or PA they the to the PM the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the
PM the his chapter the following information about the with the and the Positioning the to the Focusing and positioning the Turning the and off the operating
The below the of lights PM foot foot hand foot the
(such as VCR), Its to the and its attached the following Turning the On and PM ready to turn off the the from or amplified or PA necessary) instructions below) and the other to grounded of the to the Turn the switch located the of the and the light the Turning the On and Turning the On and The light flashes as the Press the the or the this light
It that If or attached, the or Warning: the when the This projected. Allow about seconds the PM to the The and the light flashes about as the cools light light the cooled the light flashing and To off the completely, off the switch the rear of the the light becomes light If the to turn the back while the light there appears. the
the electricity turning off the the light and electricity, cools the and the of the amount of the This PM front, rear, and projection, allowing If or to the to choose the information. or the to the the to off. Positioning the To the to the the height and relative to the Positioning the
from or the the as as with the of PM the
from the the as closely as with the top of PM the of the rotating the the below. that The the and the the To the (or to the of information.) and Projection Positioning the
To the and of when know the PM To the when know the of the the
the three installations: inches inches inches* from to PM inches inches of inches, the to from the the of the inches inches inches Positioning the
appears that and correctly the Focusing and Positioning the PM the clockwise to the To the of the the (the or counterclockwise to To the the (the front the the
If to or the the or the foot the front of the as follows: PM foot foot foot the and the front of while the foot and to the foot the foot. This Dont or the its This the the Focusing and Positioning the While the foot or the the correctly positioned. Release the to the foot its
The the of input from If the the turning of its rear to its PM With to XGA choose from choose from with than XGA of the or the You the the of the or the You The reduces the to the The with XGA 7500C: With to SVGA The of the or the The automatically reduces the to the 5500C: with SVGA. There both the and the Press the to the choices the
You the top of the or the to the following Turn or off the PM the to the and A/V off the and sound temporarily) Switch input or only) Access the function and sound) or functions the only) only) the
the Remote PM top connected the to the and To to the as wireless instructions.) the located the The line-of-sight To the front of the You the to from the You within from the (This the front receiver. the
(such as heater). The to commands Correct these to the or the these light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the receiver; or other from PM to effects that assigned the Effect or with the optional ELP III software. Effects Switches input from to or Source This the functions the or the Function to the or the as when the connected to the with the included or the optional ELP III Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Top Acts as click, selection, and selects other off/on the of the clears effects, and displays or the the the to match the of
Allows to the using the top and buttons. Custom the or the Function PM the the Turns the or off. the the
instead of the and You the to the the using the the PM the
The following the the Switches input from to or Source the or off. Function PM these buttons to that or or to items operations. Match the internal clock to graphic (tracking these to with or to operations. the graphic or the right off/on the of the clears effects, and displays or the the the the to match the of Selects option. the the
The lights top of the its operating Lights PM light serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to warning light light light light Lights
The (The Steady Light PM Light There internal or the to the off. The Allow about seconds. Flashing and Steady The cooling Flashing the
The to replaced. the Chapter instructions. flashing and Light Projection Light PM There with the supply, or malfunctioned the Flashing to the instructions. Steady functioning normally. Light There with the cooling or service Flashing turned off of overheating. Steady The functioning normally. too Flashing Light Lights
PM the these The the and of the whether the or VCR). The features, such as the tone and SRS sound. The The such as background or The Effect the Effects buttons the
The to their factory selection, and The About information about H/V hours. Accessing the PM To the the the or the The appears: Press the to the the
Press the the or to the To PM Press the or or or the to through the and buttons of options appears to the right. The options whether the the or
The following shows the options the when the the PM Press the or the top or to to Press the or or or the to through the options. to back to the finished the automatically. Press the or right arrow buttons or right or the to of the the
The to the The following options when the Computer. Source Computer) PM the to to The connected and and the these to the the to Then the or and right buttons Select this item the or the item the the or the to to the the internal clock to graphic this to from the Tracking with the from the this to or or the Increase to or to the Brightness Source Computer) the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas.
(or the Select this item the or right the The the or and to the of the input item PM Next, the or and right to the selected Increase the or the this allows the to the input and to the If the the turning this off and choosing manually. the the or the to to the or the to clear the If and then without Select this item and then the or the to the Next, and then the or to the items to their factory the
The to the The following options when the Source PM actually from (such as VCR or connected and The to and the operating to these options the using VCR). or the Increase to or to the Brightness item Increase the and Decrease and the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. the of the Increase to or to red. This with NTSC (NTSC only) the sharpness of the Sharpness Source
the Normally this should AUTO to the type of If selection reason, this to manually specify NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. item PM and then or the to the Next, Select this item and then the or to the or the to clear the If and then without items to their factory or right the to increase the the tone of the Press the right arrow the arrow or the to the The related to the the and item sound. Increasing the the sound. SRS SPACE the bass of the the
and then or the to the Next, Select this item and then the or to the sound. the the SRS sound. SRS CENTER items to their factory item PM or the to clear the If and then without The to to increase the the arrow or the to the white; warmer white. Press the the whiteness of the right arrow or right the Temporarily displays the to which or the Prompt item from the Selecting ON this the when the while OFF off
from Selecting ON Mirrors the when while OFF off whether or displays when the and information about creating user item PM the input from AUTO, NTSC, NTSC PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL and SECAM. Selects the English, Spanish and to the Next, and then or the Select this item and then the or to the items to their factory or the to clear the If and then without the
The the Creating PM Select the option the arrow Then the to the the or the the the (with the to as Press the to the the to the Follow these to and Once selected the the buttons the or the the of the to as the the arrow selection appear the To the The this as appears arrow the or or right the Choose or the or right the the Then
Select and the If to the The this appears the Select using the arrow buttons or then the Next, the appears the PM and the If to The this appears the the the the completed appears the the or to the or other the the while the the
Follow these to assign the to the Select the and the button. Press the to the the to the PM the the or the to the user Select the option, then highlight Press the
the Effect to what when the Effects buttons the and to the PM This the Effect Clear the and the and the and the Item Select this item and then the or Next, and then or to the the to the If and then or the to clear the without to their factory the to or High. Cursor If the optional ELP III software, Remote Effects information. the Effects with the the
The About displays information about the Computer: PM About this the with as as light when the the of its life. the of hours the used. The the of the the refresh of the Refresh Rate the of the Item light when the the of its life. this the with as as the of hours the used. The the the Item About
Selecting the option the to their factory It or user PM You prompted to the action. Select or then the top or or the to the the
PM the ELP III Software optional ELP III the ELP III software and to the from or to the The includes: (PC
PS/2 (PC (PC PM that these from the included with ELP III software CD-ROM (PC or the ELP III Software
The ELP III software with the following operating PM If purchased the ELP III follow the instructions this chapter to the and and the software. the ELP III and Once connected the and as to as this section. OS and OS Connecting the ELP III NT Connecting the ELP III
The included ELP III the PS/2 to the ELP III software and the Effects the from to the to the as and Connecting to PC PM PS/2 Mouse/Com If connected the PS/2 included with the as from the and the the round of the to the Mouse/Com the ELP III Software
Then the other of the PS/2 If connected to included with the ELP III to the ELP III to the MOUSE the the of the PS/2 included with of the PM To the from PC the ELP III software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the SERIAL the of the If and the instead of the PS/2 shown the the other of the to the the back of You to the ELP III software only that to Tighten the screws to to the software. Connecting the ELP III
The included ELP III the PS/2 to the ELP III software and the to the as and Effects the to the Connecting to PC PM PS/2 Mouse/Com as from the If connected the PS/2 included with the and the the round of the to the the ELP III to the MOUSE the the of the PS/2 included with of the the ELP III Software
the other of the PS/2 to the If and using the instead of the PS/2 shown the PM of the to the SERIAL III software or to the Effects the To the from the ELP the of the the other of the to the the back of You to the ELP III software only that to and the You to the to appear both the the this with the function or or instructions. to with Tighten the screws Connecting the ELP III to to the software.
to the as and The included ELP III the to the ELP III software) from to the Connecting to PM as from the If connected the included with the and the Mouse/Com the round of the to the Mouse/Com the ELP III Software
to the MOUSE the of the the included with the ELP III Then the other of the included with the ELP III to the If connected to the PM the of the the other of the to the SERIAL or of the to the the back of Macintosh. to to the software. Connecting the ELP III
to the as and The included ELP III the to the ELP III software) to the Connecting to PM Mouse/Com as from the If connected the included with the and the the round of the to the the ELP III Software
of the included with the ELP III to the MOUSE the of the the other of the to the the back of the PM the of the the other of the to the SERIAL or of the to the the back of necessary which the and the the LCD as as the (This to choose Mirroring the to ELP III software with the following operating the software as the Software the Software NT
Follow these to ELP III or or NT: OS and OS the Software PM Turn and off. If the then should automatically. to If If or NT, the and then the Software CD CD-ROM You the ELP III Click ELP III V2.0. You the ELP III the Select the the software and OK. CD-ROM E), then The appears. E:\SETUP the OK. the ELP III Software
You of items to ELP III V2.0 and ELP If to the Then PM Information that the Software information while the software. Click Next. about turning off the Click Next. You the Software the and the software. Then the the ELP Follow the instructions the to directory or III to If selected to the and follow the on-screen instructions to them. to the ELP III QUIT. the the Software the Software CD CD-ROM Follow these to the software the the Software
You to the software. Select and OK. the CD-ROM necessary. Double-click the PM You the ELP III Click ELP III V2.0. You the Click The the to You the Software the and the finished, to the and the software. If the as the Follow the the section below to the to the software. the software. the Software If slightly than the this chapter. the ELP III Software
The ELP III appears the and then the If or NT, then Click the If the the Then the the Software from PM disconnected or connected to incorrect COM and Then the COM the Unconnected and If connected, If to or the If to the software without the connected, software with the disconnected, the the Software
The ELP III appears. PM the ELP III Software
Helpappear the top of the If ELP (whichever III the first COM from the Option then Property to the ELP III connected the to). Then the Option and ELP III and three Option, and or choose the Double-click the ELP the Software the PM the Software
the Effects buttons The ELP III software to: the COM assignment PM the Software the exiting ELP III the If Unconnected and from the Option correctly the If the COM when the software, or the COM to which the connected, the COM from the ELP III software. and features the COM Assignment You the Effects to operations, such as the or the You the Effects buttons from the ELP III Choose COM from the that appears. the Remote Effects Select from the Option the ELP III Software
PM Functions Each of the Effects assigned function. If to function to button, the that to the and function from the then choose function from the pull-down To reassign function to Effects the the Effects the ELP III information.) Function and the Software
the or Once Effects and the to function as The below these functions and to them. PM Then the to the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the of the To another the from the created and the to the once to the of the the using the the once to the the using the and the to the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the To another the from the created Then the to the the straight the and Function button. Then the to the of the of the To another the once to the of of the the using the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the from the created and the to the the the the ELP III Software
Creates or You this function to highlight of the with or Press the Effects assigned to this the using the button. Press the to the To another the to the location and the to the and Function PM where the to appear. Then the assigned Effects to location and the to the Press the Effects assigned to this the to the the To another the to the or of the Press the assigned Effects to the the Cursor This when often to type of characters To or function, with or the the as Press the assigned Effects to type the Press the assigned Effects to clear the Clears Effects functions executed. Screen Clear the Software
Once assigned functions to or Effects buttons, specify options each function. To the ELP III to the following appears. (The options and displayed which currently assigned to the Effects buttons.) PM Effects To the the right button. (If using the as the To each the and the as and top buttons, respectively.) Click the the function to then wish. To the OK. the ELP III Software
Specify whether to the to the corners of the of the of the The following the options each function. Specify the from to Function PM Click this checkbox to the background text or through the Click this to the background or through the Specify the from to Choose the Choose the Click this to the background text or through the Click this to round the corners of the Click this to the with Click this to the with Specify the from to Specify the from to Choose the the Software Click this to the background text or through the Choose or Direction Choose the
Click the to used. Click the to used. Cursor options Clear Function PM A, the field. You the Backspace and to commands, including such as Ctrl as commands. Although of assignments, only active Click the to than of assignments. Click the Clear to clear the assignment. and Recalling Effects Assignments To of assignments, its from the To of assignments, and specify the To of assignments from the its and then To Effects assignments, To without the from the the ELP III Software
You the to the following features: PM Follow these to the from the ELP III instructions or instructions. the Click the the of the The appears: the Software
To of the buttons below: the PM Click the The following appears: Brightness On, the ELP III Software
Click the the to or of the following Option PM the (synchronization) to the of red, and the the and tracking to Tracking brightness. Brightness or of the graphic from the to the or of the currently selected. to their the Software
brightness. Brightness Option PM Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, or SECAM. AUTO the to the received. or of the currently selected. to their the (NTSC only). sharpness. Sharpness the the ELP III Software
sound the Option PM sound. Increasing the increases the sound SRS SPACE SRS CENTER sound. the the SRS sound. or of the currently selected. to their the bass the Software
The displays displays. Black states: Option PM white; warmer white. Press the right to increase the the arrow or the to the arrow the or right the the whiteness of the this when to the back of the to right. Rear the used: displays. this when the the the top to the input from AUTO, NTSC, NTSC PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL and SECAM. Temporarily the which or the Prompt the currently selected. to their the ELP III Software
Click the The following appears: the PM You to that the properly. Choose of the following: specified. Either type the or to the the from the character-based The should 7500C) or 5500C). the Software
Click to the selected. Then PM the ELP III Software
Click the The appears. Specifying PM Click to the selected. Then and and Select the the Software
Click the The appears. You or from the then to or to the PM Creating the ELP III Software
Click the The following appears. PM TIFF, JPG, PSO) The selected appears the Click the the to and (or To the the Select and the Click OK to the The reappears. To increase or the which the displays, from the the Software
appears. Click the to to The the then OK. To to the the Download and follow the instructions the You with the PM Click to to the the ELP III Software
PM the the of the to cool the and from overheating. You should, however, the following: Clean the or smears appear the Clean the when the and as (If other replacing, or service
service this yourself, as specifically this the to and the cord. cover the the and covers. Warning: of the off the the severely. to other servicing to service the internal PM Lightly the with cloth. To Clean the whenever or the or smears the cloth with alcohol-based and the Cleaning the To clean the first the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the Cleaning the thinner, or other These the to
hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Clean the the of the every Cleaning the PM the its with the the top that the easily the this from the housing. Turn off the and the from the the the and the Cleaning the
recommended that and other office to clean the If The attached to the of the cover. It lint-free cloth. If the to or the torn, the PM the U.S. to ELPLP06. with each or EPSON the back the the back the cover. The typically about hours of It to the when: The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the The light or flashing and alternately. The or to the the U.S. and To or EPSON ELPLP06.
Warning: the cool Also, the of the assembly; this outlet and the least Turn off the and the from the the to cool. PM screwdriver, coin, or to the screw the cover. the screw off the cover. (You this screw from the cover. the its with the the top easily the cover. the this from the housing. the
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the assembly (You these screws.) PM securely. the screws Gently the assembly lowering the assembly. the of the assembly; this the and the assembly. the cover and the cover screw. the cover securely The the cover
The and If to please follow these to the Transporting the PM hand-carrying the to it hard-shell or carrying (such as the optional offered EPSON). the business first the hard-shell carrying (such as the optional EPSON then firm using cushioning around the the repairs, of cushioning around the EPSON incurred Transporting the
PM
PM Troubleshooting with the what to the to commands. with the what to of the warning lights lights and to with the It his chapter the indicated the the following the to the and sound
what to the with the or Sound or there sound. If the section and follow the or EPSON as that apply to If of the PM The information that or sound To the the the or the the following the The the The of the corrected The appear the The The too The There sound of the within the to the Troubleshooting
Each displays buttons and the of the as the with the PM Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the If with the first it off and These lights to with operation light light light with the
There with the cooling or service Flashing The turned off of overheating. The too Flashing Light PM supply, or malfunction There with the or the Flashing The Allow about seconds. Flashing The to replaced. the Chapter instructions. flashing and or Projection The cooling Flashing There or the to the off. the following information what to when these lights or other with the The light flashing and turn the and Steady The Steady The cooling the light off and then the Troubleshooting
(flashing light) and then (steady If the Source to switch input and light). then the connected, the cool-down to PM securely both the outlet and the and the Turn off the that the connected Projected or to or the light red. the as Chapter The light The clogged. Clean as and then the cool awhile. the caused to the cooling or internal Warning: as specifically this If the to overheat the service to service this yourself. automatically. the cool then back nothing the The overheating, which the off The light red. with the
The too from the or too to the receiver. The to commands. with the Remote PM the securely connected to both and to the (or the the ELP III Chapter or Chapter The them. selected the COM the when the optional ELP III software. If necessary, the COM from the Option or information. Turn off that such as heater. Light that too or of lighting the receivers. the lighting and off the of sunlight. Troubleshooting
that the light and the cover off. the securely connected, as Chapter appear the with the or Sound PM (flashing light) and then (steady and connected, the cool-down light). then the If the Source to switch input to appear as while the the or the to choose another The selected. Press the Source Press the ESC the right button, or the top the as to the should This clear the using the appears the and with the or Sound
5500C) or 7500C), the the If the with this If the higher than choose the of the displayed. PM the group. the and the to the right-click the choose and or OS or choose the Apple and with OS or lower, choose from the another selected. with the Apple and then choose Monitors. the then choose Sound. the Sound Supported Computers and Displays created them software You to existing information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. attached to both the and the Then that from the or the connected to the selected, the reaching the the securely Troubleshooting
to Macintosh, that the DIP switches the selected correctly. If attached instructions.) NO SIGNAL correctly. displayed, the PM the The the the and buttons the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking The or of the or displayed. There or smears the Clean the as The incorrect. If the option the to the of red, and If the and (NTSC only) the The of the right. with the or Sound
and the Also, that the that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the There sound. PM The selected. Press the Source the or to the Troubleshooting
PM Technical Specifications Poly-silicon Thin-Film (TFT), active of of inches 5500C: SVGA 7500C: XGA F=1.72.0, 5500C: (ANSI) 7500C: (ANSI) brightness inches
rear, mount) Projection SRS 3D aspect ratio PM NTSC, NTSC PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL SECAM interface Supported UHE High Efficiency) to ratio hours Supports PS/2, ADB Remote AA ELPLP06 Supports IR repeaters, Interface Technical Specifications
inches inches inches Height Mechanical PM to F to C), to F to C), to VAC, A, to VAC, A, supply Rated to RH, to RH, FCC 15J Class UL1950 United States CSA C22.2 DOC SOR/88-475
The following the the type Computers and PM SVGA XGA SXGA (7500C Only) SXGA (7500C Only) SXGA EGA, VGAEGA VGA60, VESA VESA72/75/85 VGACGA VGA Text VGA Text IBM PC IBM PC and The of allow the to correctly. PAL, SECAM NTSC TV and Apple Technical Specifications
The and RGB, The assignments and assignments PM (ID GND GND input input input GND GND Synchronous GND GND GND GND (ID GND GND SDA (SLC)
PM Technical Specifications
PM The of light and Brightness and with relatively of the tonal the high-contrast light bright highlights and of of white and and synchronization information type of that Committee. NTSC North the National America, and NTSC
New Zealand, and (Phase of Africa. PAL of or One inch. PM type of S-VHS It and separately. of the amount of contained measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. type of that as of red, and RGB power-saving which the only turned off when the amount of the Eastern and of TV Africa. SECAM Graphics SXGA higher than XGA. XGA
that of Graphics high-resolution VGA XGA Graphics higher than VGA. XGA PM
PM