EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and service and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed CPD-15286 Information Copyright Notice
Welcome EPSON and that offer to ANSI of the From classrooms to and bright and ordinary displayed of or Three 0.7-inch ratio incredibly and clear to theater-quality performance. You the to of computers, including and Apple (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. With the displays from VGA through UXGA. You of the following HDTV, VCR, DVD (such as Microsoft PlayStation and or The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM USB or directly to the shows, and with the both and the
of the features with the To the the beneath the of the the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to to PC or or the or of this To to or workstation, A. Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, player, or other to You both and the and easily switch them. instructions. the The switch from to to and other features. Chapter the as wireless This through computer-based (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, optional to the built-in or other
To the to and fast, the that owners or of this This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about More Information about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. Includes warranty brochures, and EPSON this the and the with the instructions to and to or from the the Download and to EPSON
Welcome If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the owners information. and Warranty with carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the world. and the warranty brochure included owners EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or overnight the owners To the owners and to EPSON. products, and services.
the the the shown below: Remote Soft carrying RCA A/V USB to the the (or when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying included with the A/V ESC
Additional to the To (One with To from VCR or other VGA to from EPSON; To through the sound or to this and the shown from EPSON; to VGA
Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product and V13H010L21 Samsonite wheeled ELPKS35 Soft shoulder ELPKS43 ELPKS45 Distribution ELPDA01 (VGA to ELPKC19 (includes ELPAP01 and 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch High Motion High security lock ELPSL01 mount You purchase these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPDC02 ELPDC03 V12H064020 ELPMB39 ELPMBFCP ELPMBADL
the his chapter to the and to or If to the to or workstation A. instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to the
Dont or the the or Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the Positioning the connecting the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the least inches the and the within feet of outlet or and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. to the front of the leaving as as the and the to This the the front of the the and enough to the to to the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to
If the below the of the to the as shown. the the to its the corrects the automatically. If the its the To or information correction, If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the back of the You purchase this from EPSON;
To to and other A. If with RCA follow the instructions to the location of the to the Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and Connecting the and the turned off. of the to the Computer/Component the other of the to or If or and cant the to the as shown from EPSON; Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions.
Connecting the Remote the as wireless through slideshow-style such as from to This easy to to the USB and of the to the USB the other of the to the or USB as shown. If necessary, to with the
the You to the USB or the as USB to USB If to other and instructions. Amplifying its sound however, If to of the built-in and You from or of the to the the
the other of the to headphone or locations which to If to other and instructions. Connecting to Sources You DVD player, VCR, as Microsoft PlayStation or GameCubeor other to The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the The and The type of the the RCA A/V included with the the optional EPSON (ELPKC19). the with or from Follow the instructions below type of the The TV
the Connecting the RCA the and DVD or other turned off. of the RCA to the the other of the to the the and white the RCA A/V to the (white) and (red) the and white the other of the to the
Connecting If to higher which included with or purchased. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the other the of the the RCA A/V as the
the Connecting If them to higher However, which purchased from EPSON (ELPKC19). the and DVD or other turned off. the of the to the Computer/Component the three of the the and the the RCA A/V as the the to the to or information.
the the ready to turn the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
the with the The heat the the the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter or A. Then as below, connected to You and both and connected, to switch to the as Turning On the Follow these to and the the of the to the the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned the light flashing,
Press the top of the or the The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light of the following: If using or should projected. only: If that found If the Source top of the or the the to switch to Then the DVD or other If to appear, the section Once turn to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and from overheating. Remote A/V ESC the when the This and the
the What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter and or and other the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting Press the Source top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD screen and or
If with OS or You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the Click top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the necessary. Click as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Select the
the If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Displays. Select VGA or LCD or and checked. Click Select
the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt To the and surroundings, Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the
the the of If the too the the Press the foot release and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the If the the section. Foot
the Shape If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the You this turning the or manually the correction Follow the below: To the the the buttons to the then the buttons to highlight and to the Press the to then the the when or To manually the correction the or of the the to the of the correction, slightly You correction using the A/V ESC Directional the
A/V ESC the the You to the to that the and the surroundings which If the Normal which bright or the Theatre which using You of these when conforming to the (the when from with when their tints, without when when bright To the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the
the finished the follow the to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If first. To turn off the the the or You (If to turn off, other Press the The light flashes about forty-five seconds as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the A/V ESC the
To the or the when the light or flashing the the front as shown. the and the cord. If using VCR or other off off the and the the that with or protective
the Remote features from anywhere the to You to the and off, of and other of the If and connected the (as Chapter or A), the as wireless This chapter covers the following information: the the and sound the as wireless the Remote
of the with the To the the beneath the of the A/V ESC the Remote the Remote the the from the as shown below. using the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to the following instructions. the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, or the and as Chapter or A. Switching Sources If to and the buttons the to switch the Press the to Press the to or the the appears.
Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to turn off the and sound and This useful to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V button. The To the and sound back the Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the buttons the Press the to Press the repeatedly to to four Press and the to to the the buttons to around the necessary. Press the to You the repeatedly, or and to the Press the to to the the Remote You such as the whenever the A/V button. instructions. A/V ESC
Directional buttons A/V ESC The and buttons when the USB connected. the Remote the as Wireless the as wireless or click through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to To with the connected the the and as or other To the the the the and the buttons to the To (or left-click), the To right-click, the To the To and the and the buttons to where to To the or the Press the or to back
the Battery Follow these to the battery: Press the the of the and the of the the and CR2025 as shown. the back the clicks the Remote the following the as as If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the the of
the
the the to on-screen to the sound, and other features. You and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound Creating features and other information Restoring the the
the the The and the features from the The the and of the It the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and Contrast. The the and input The allows to or features such as correction, A/V and the The and or which then as or with the A/V option. The Advanced specify including and or projection. The About information about and or The the factory the
the the to the and Follow these To the the the You the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. Press or the to through the the highlighted, the to The highlight to the first option that the to through the of (If or isnt connected, options the and to the the selected option. highlighted. Press the to to the Press (or the to the options Advanced About Tracking Brightness Sharpness ON OFF Select Select [Normal [Normal the Directional buttons A/V ESC If to back to the and then
If repositioned the the the to the the the The to the The options the which selected: or Repositioning the Follow these to the Press the You the Press to the Press to the option. You the Position the to the right, or the the Appearance Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the buttons to the following Tracking only) from matching the internal clock to only) Corrects or the with the tracking from the only) this ON to the Turn off to to the
only) the or of the only) the of to the only) this using PAL PAL60 Aspect Ratio only) to and to Brightness or the the light and areas. Sharpness or the Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or displays (the when from with Normal: bright without Theatre: with (the or bright the
the this when connected to the Computer/Component connected, choose or the type of (You which the of the the correctly, or the Sound You the to the sound and switch the input Press the You the the buttons to highlight You the following: About Select Press to the the to the If input than the or finished the sound, or
Creating You to the and then as the displayed when the receiving You to displayed when the A/V or as The photograph, or other to the the to the You from or such as VCR or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the You the the buttons to highlight the Advanced About Select Press to You to the as Select and selection displays the the buttons to the of the to Once selected the the
You as the Advanced to the the the Select this and If to the selected, and through the buttons the to and then the as and the the or other while the the Completed, or Selecting the as the and/or the thats when the A/V Press the to the already displayed). the buttons to highlight Press to the the buttons to highlight the buttons to then the This as the when the If to as the A/V the to to A/V the to then the This as the when the A/V finished, or To the A/V to Press to off the
You the to the the and other features. Press the the buttons to highlight You the and their the right Advanced About Select Press to the the buttons and to the following options: from to Automatically from to when the or retracted. (Not when from the or Selects the and to when the The displays that to the instructions to as the ON ON OFF OFF OFF OFF Black Black Prompt Prompt ON ON OFF OFF ON ON OFF OFF Prompt Prompt A/V A/V Black Black ON ON OFF OFF the
the Prompt off the text that appears when switch from input to Prompt off the text that appears when switch A/V Selects the or to when the A/V The displays that to the instructions to the A/V or the which the off when the input finished, or Advanced You the Advanced to the rear or and other features. Press the the buttons to highlight Advanced You the features and their the right Advanced About Select Select [English] Brightness High ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF COM RS-232C USB
Press to the Advanced the and to the following options: Select from to the Brightness Select brightness when to reduce the High then switches to Screen Turn to the or whenever the information. the whiteness of the RGB: the RGB Rear Turn to from Turn when the mounted from the COM Turn USB when the from with the EMP 21L software. This software from the EPSON (You turn the off and then to the finished, or the The USB and features when COM to USB.
If the About when the to the life, and The the least hours. the and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the You the the to About You the hours and the right: Advanced Advanced About About Select The of the about hours. If the shown to finished, or 0H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
Restoring the The option the to their Advanced About Select The and to their when and the the to the Select to the or to the
the
of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the and overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the Transporting the and Transporting the
to the and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Turn the as shown below. To the EPSON and other office If clean the using (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON to please to and Transporting the included. You should the when the
and Transporting the If to the the the cover and to the the as shown below. the cover the and then the other clicks
the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The warning light red, flashing red, or flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To brightness and the as as or EPSON the United States V13H010L21 please to Follow these to the Turn off the the cool to then the cord. Allow the to cool least hour Turn the to the and Transporting the You to hours the used. warning the If the the to
This includes that mercury. Please and or recycling. the and Transporting the the screwdriver included with the to the of the cover the of the Then off the cover. the screwdriver to the screws holding the The screws the the of the (You cant the screws.) the the top, as shown, and the straight Dont these screws
Gently the as shown below. Once the its screws. the the the cover with the the Then the cover clicks the as and Transporting the the of the assembly. Touching the
and Transporting the the You the the to clear the LAMP REPLACE warning Follow the below to the Turn the Press the the You the the to highlight About then the You the following: 1400H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate Press to the option. You the following: the buttons to YES and Press to to the Press (or the button) to the YES NO NO YES NO NO
Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first the carrying then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to the carrying and the EPSON incurred
and Transporting the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the The following choices the the sound selection Follow these to Press the the You the Press the of the Select the to highlight of the Then the Source the to Press the of the Select the to highlight the to Then the Source to the Highlight this choice Then the Source) to the Highlight and the Source to back If the to of the the of the Select the to To the the If of the to the following
What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when Warning light light If the correctly, first turn off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended below. lights Warning light light Flashing There internal the Turn the off and EPSON Flashing The burned or (quickly) correctly, or the cover the or or reseat the necessary, as Overheating The overheated and turned off. cool then back there of around and the the If to overheat, to the
lights Warning light light Flashing High warning The You or the to Flashing Warming The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing Cooling The cooling the light to without flashing The too the surrounding the and there of around and the Clean the necessary. instructions.
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the Brightness the correct. information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter or A. the to or turned restarting If connected and or to the Source the or the or the to the Allow seconds the to the
If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD screen and or If or with OS From the Apple then click or and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If the isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If using or with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or then
The Not displayed. UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. the the information. correct. Ideally, should the or the to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS On the Apple choose then or and Sound Select OS X: On the Apple choose Preferences then Select You to existing created them software information. If the the to and to If the Aspect Ratio to back to instructions.
The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the the the the top. Turn correction as or the or of the top of the the The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD
The the the the cover off. There or smears the Clean the as the You to the from the within the the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the Tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the and If further the and manually using the as the with containing when these to appear as background. try text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the
of the used, exactly match the or The of the right. If the option the to the If the and the instructions. the Brightness and the the the Advanced If the appear too or too that the the to the The nearing the hours as and necessary, as There sound. turning the If VCR or other its turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or or other the turned the or to this clicking the right of the the A/V The selected. Press the Source the the or the the
with the Remote The to commands. the from the as within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). The correctly or the as the lights and turn off the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant the with the the securely connected to both or USB and the USB or other RS232C selected as the COM the Advanced If USB cant the USB to To the USB PC, clean of XP, or The correctly from
Where To EPSON technical through services hours as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included owners This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or Product (located the of the or of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
A: Connecting to Additional his to the to or Macintosh, or high-end workstation. The following information covered: the Connecting to PC Connecting to Connecting to high-end workstation A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional the The three front or To from overhead, to the Advanced To from the rear, Rear information. If ceiling-mounting the and to to the This the to its You then the the function the (You cant the function when or If the with the top of the the and to If the than the top of the to the to the whole with the Connecting to PC You the to IBM PC. This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting to the Connecting the to the as Connecting optional with Follow the each section the to off the and they
Connecting the Disconnect the from the the back of the If to the as as the the to the as shown. of the to the Computer/Component the other of the to the Tighten the screws the A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the To the as follow the below. the of the USB to the USB as shown. Disconnect from the USB the back of and with the other of the If necessary, to with USB You to the USB or the as USB to USB
Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in The from or of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound A: Connecting to Additional
the location of the to which purchase from EPSON; A: Connecting to Additional Connecting to You the to This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting to the Connecting the to as Connecting optional with Follow the each section the to off the and they
Connecting the Follow these to the You to the as shown. Disconnect the from the the back of the If to the as as the the to the as shown. of the to the Computer/Component as shown. the other of the to the the A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional If to which from EPSON Tighten the screws the Connecting the To the as follow the below. of the to the USB Macintoshs the other of the to USB To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the free of the Then the (with the the
You to the USB or the as USB to USB Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in The from or of the to the the the other of the to the or the A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional Connecting to High-End Workstation of input to the or to the the leading workstations, workstation There workstation Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or connecting workstation.
B: Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the near or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the near outlet where the easily fiche the the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. B: Notices
B: Notices of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other This includes that mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, service. If it or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy to the immediately Allow the to cool hour the of the to F). Doing and the leading to the of the to F) or sunlight of Doing to the the with the The heat the the The than active of the or constantly
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and rear of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The battery the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the correctly, computer-based directly from the B: Notices
B: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-73/53, ELP-73/53
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes B: Notices
B: Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA B: Notices
B: Notices
C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active with MLA without MLA LCD inches F=1.70 to to Brightness (ANSI) (High brightness brightness (High brightness brightness ratio to inches to Projection to to rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio (High brightness brightness correction C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Projection About hours V13H010L21 Remote Battery CR2025 lithium Height to inches to inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, Supports USB
to F to C) Humidity to RH, and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the and HDTV below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to of the (such as XGA). addition, the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 to F to C) to RH, C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Refresh Rate SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA48i UXGA60 MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM
Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV The resized using the only; the the only; the the only; the Assignments The RGB, its assignments: GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND SDA SCL C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications