5550C/7550C EPSON
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Copyright Notice or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and third or incurred purchaser or third as of: instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those SoundAdvice service and FaxAdvice of Inc. CPD Copyright Inc. CA USA
and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing Warning: the when the turned the bright light the when it cover the the to service Information About Information the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front of the The to commands the following These commonly the following There the IR and the IR the Other that such as heater, the The them. light the IR receiver. of lighting used. light too bright. If the properly, computer-based coverings and/or the of sunlight. the lighting and/or off lights. Turn off other that
directly from the containing of the This tested and found to comply with the Class to and, and with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the user to try to the interference or reception. there that interference interference installation. This and of the FCC These to reasonable protection installation. If this interference to and reception, which or of the following FCC United States the from that to which the connected. the or Increase the the and receiver. WARNING or the of this and interference which the established the FCC interfaces. or the the this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
It IBM and that and as as Apple and EPSON lightweight computers. Introduction PC or Apple such as You to VCR or and The of to its and offers the following You the to or both The the or another such as
It that easily light enough to The 5550C displays SVGA displays XGA of of The 7550C You Its built-in SRS 3D Sound when further amplification required. You front, rear, or to the of The VGA or XGA the SVGA of the which as wireless to the You through both to and to the and The optional ELP III software to the the and with from turned off, cooling the and the turning off the the The the The electricity of the Introduction
To of the EPSON the following optional Product Accessory Optional ELPSW03 (includes ELP III software and ELP III PC ELPKS13 Soft and ELPKS14 ELPKC02 ELPLP07 and You purchase these from or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please EPSON or ELPSW04 (includes ELP III software and ELP III ELPAP01 ELPSC06 Optional
5550C and 7550C where This to and the EPSON noted, the instructions apply to both About This to and and to the buttons Chapter the with the basics: the and Chapter shows to the built-in to instructions connecting to or Chapter the and turning the Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical specifications. such as the or cleaning the Chapter to ELP III and the optional ELP III software. Chapter ELP III, to the Chapter Troubleshooting, to warning lights and what to when and Index the of the Introduction
and to shocks and or the or top of heat-producing Dont the or of heat. Dont high or and humidity. the follow these instructions: Instructions of the or the type of indicated the If the outlet where easily as recommended. the the Also, outlets. to follow these fire. to Dont the with the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If as this shock. fiche Instructions This fire or shock. Dont outlets, cords, or
the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. Dont or cleaners. Dont the or other and the from overheating. Dont the and the They or closed-in Dont the where the which or to the to service the yourself. servicing to service or covers as specifically this to and other of through of the the from the and servicing to service the following If the or to or the or when the or or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance If or the housing Introduction
or Troubleshooting. If If or the cant the EPSON technical through services and services hours as the following Where to From the reach World Access Service Services If FTP ftp.epson.com with the anonymous and (or other software FTP downloading) to as the EPSON FTP the to reach the America introductory CompuServe membership, of CompuServe type GO EPSON and EPSON CompuServe Where to
to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON SoundAdvice SM Access Service Automated Telephone Services required, follow the instructions the back of the EPSON included with through or the Technical the U.S. and AM PM charges apply. You Access technical information to this service. EPSON FaxAdvice EPSON or Customer the location of Authorized EPSON Service please the following information Product Product (PIN) EPSON Technical Introduction
(U.S. only). please or www.epsonsupplies.com You purchase from EPSON of the Where to
Introduction
the the connected to and You of the such as VCR, or DVD player. If to both following: The the the to or both of (such as VCR or or another such as his chapter to the to other and
the to the as wireless If the the this the the to or (PA) to the the these the Remote AA the
the PS/2 the PC) (A/V) (with screws) Soft carrying Unpacking the
the its (or hand. Transporting the to the the the or carrying carrying the instructions.) You these or EPSON of the from or to the the optional ELP III You purchase the (U.S. only). from to the these Additional the
To (One usually with each To the to byor purchased fromApple and (The Additionally, with that and the If include high-density, VGA RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to sound repeater. information, or this line-of-sight of the optional To the when the www.xantech.com or other You To to these items from MicroSaver anti-theft the the back of the To the
Follow the below to the to the with the screws included with the the its the and the back of the facing Attaching the Strap the the front of the and the the front or the its this the front the
of the through the front and screwdriver to of the screws through the the screw securely screw the other of the through the and it with the other screw. (There the the Strap
to If purchased the You the as wireless instead of optional ELP III to the Follow these to the Functions to the Effects Effects buttons, and the buttons with the Remote off the cover the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the
as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the following the cover. Dont and batteries. connecting where to the and or Follow these the to the of Where to the of heat, or location where the the within of or to the to the the from the the to the following to the the the and Where to the
to front and To or to the or the information. inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches The and to from the the
the of the to the the back of the as shown below. the other to grounded Connecting the Cord You the to of XGA, VGA, or SVGA The 7550C of SXGA (The VGA and XGA the 5550C and VGA, SVGA, and SXGA the 7550C.) The following of supported: Connecting to Computer Connecting the Cord Apple including and Apple with IBM or PC
You the to and VCR), and each If the optional ELP III software, instructions the to to the ELP III PS/2 the ELP III If to the as and to the to the
The below the interface the back of the to to this as or other to the Mouse/Com switch with the and (You This section to the to PC the the and optional.) Connecting to PC Right AC Connecting to
Connecting the (optional) the location of the to the from the the back of the of the to the Turn off the and theyre the other of the to the the
If to the the the to the (This when the Tighten the screws If of the that with the to the the Connecting the the other of the to the sound the Connecting to
If using the optional ELP III software, to the included the ELP III instead. Chapter instructions. the PS/2 to the as the Connecting the the other of the PS/2 to the the back of and with the the PS/2 from the of the PS/2 that with the PS/2 the
with the and (You This section to the to PC the the and optional.) Connecting to PC Connecting the the location of to of the to the Turn off the and theyre Connecting to the other of the to the
If the or displayed the instructions or both the LCD and the correctly, try the to the to appear (the only. the screws both of the that with the to the the If to to the Connecting the the
the other of the to the Connecting to
If the optional ELP III software, to the included the ELP III instead. instructions. as the PS/2 to the Connecting the Mouse/Com the other of the PS/2 to the Mouse/Com the of the PS/2 included with the to the PS/2 the
This section to the to (You the the and the the and that with the optional.) ready the with the and as Connecting to Connecting to
Connecting the vary. the location of the to Turn off the and theyre of the to the the
the that with and the cover, as shown below. the other of the attached to the the of the to to (such as 16-inch the DIP switches the to the instructions. Connecting to
the from the the back of If to the that with the (with the attached) to the the back of the of the to and the of the to the Tighten the screws the the
If of the that with the to the Connecting the the other of the to the Connecting to
the that with to the as Macintosh. If the optional ELP III software, to the included the ELP III instead. Chapter instructions. Connecting the Mouse/Com the of the that with to the Macintosh. Disconnect the other of the to the Mouse/Com the the
with the and (You the the and This section to the to optional.) Connecting to finished connecting the to choose Mirroring the to the (This the as as the which Connecting to
Connecting the information the location of match the the directly to the without Turn off the and theyre of the to the the
the that with and the cover, as shown below. to the DIP switches the to the instructions. the of the to the other of the that with Connecting to
Then the other to the If the to the the back of the (with the attached). the screws the the
If to of the that with the to the Connecting the the other of the to the Connecting to
the that with to the as Macintosh. If the optional ELP III software, to the included the ELP III instead. Chapter instructions. Connecting the Mouse/Com the of the to the the other to the Mouse/Com the
If If such as VCR. optional ELP III software. You You to to the DVD or other to to VCR, Connecting to Source Other Computer with the to the to the (A/V) If RCA The or the selects as the If both and to the To the If four-pin To the to the with or from The with Connecting to Source Other
selection reason, and and the that The NTSC, PAL, PAL60, and SECAM specify the to the specified. To the If the the to the to the that with or If round, four-prong purchase from Turn off the and theyre Follow these to the If round, (RCA) the (A/V) that with the (The A/V three RCA of the the
the other the of the follow the instructions earlier this chapter connecting the If to as to instead of Connecting to Source Other
the yellow RCA the other yellow RCA to the of the to the (A/V) the the the white the and the the the the other the to If to as the other of the to the the
or (PA) or to or the to Although the internal enough from the built-in 3D sound function. Connecting to or Turn off the and or PA theyre To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 from the to the Connecting to or
the RCA to the or PA the the and the white the the
(such as VCR), Its to the and its attached the following Turning the On and amplified or PA connected ready to off the the from the or instructions below) the and connected to Turn the switch located the of the and the light the Turning the On and Turning the On and
the the top of the The light flashes as Press the the or the this light If or attached, the or projected. Allow about seconds It that Warning: the when the This the to the The and the light flashes about as the cools to appear the light light light the
To off the completely, cools and the light Then turn off the switch the back of the the cooled the light flashing and electricity, cools the and the of the the the light steady and electricity turning off the amount of the This If the to the back while the light there appears. or the switch the back of the the to the to off. Turning the On and
the the and to the his chapter instructions the following: Positioning the to the the operating Focusing and positioning the
The below the of lights foot foot foot the
front, rear, and allowing or to to choose the If the information. Positioning the from or the the as closely as with the of To the to the the height and relative to the Positioning the
from the the as closely as with the top of the of the rotating the the below. that The the and the the To the (or to the of information.) and Projection the
To the and of when the Inches: To the when know the of the Positioning the
the three installations: inches inches inches* from to inches inches inches of inches, the to from the the of the inches inches inches the
appears that and correctly the Focusing and Positioning the Screen the clockwise (facing the to To the of the the (the the or counterclockwise to To the the (the front the Focusing and Positioning the
the and the front of while the foot and to the foot the foot. This the If to or the the or the foot the front of the as follows: Dont or the its This the foot foot foot While the foot or the the screen correctly positioned. the
Release the to the foot its the foot of the If the the turning of its to its height. the or the to of the The the of input from Press the following With than SVGA the the of the or the Projected 5550C: With greater than SVGA to the If the button, the around of the The reduces the to the The with SVGA Focusing and Positioning the Screen With than XGA the the of the or 7550C:
of the or the around of the The reduces the to the With than XGA If the the You the or the top of the to the following: The with XGA Turn the or off the the the the Access the to and Temporarily and turn off sound Switch input or the assigned to the Effects buttons only) the only) the
the Remote top The line-of-sight To the the located the front of the connected the to the and To to the as wireless Chapter instructions.) the
You the to from the You the that within or right of, and higher or than, the (This the receiver. sunlight) the receiver. The of If the to commands, the type of light or (such as heater) with too light or light (such as of commands. This the functions the Function Press each Effects to its assigned function. The function optional ELP III software. the Effects buttons factory or assign with the Effects (The connected to the with the included with the or with the Press or right to options. Can as of the the ELP III or the active displayed, to the Switches the input and Source the
Acts as right click. Press to Acts as click. Press to Function Top the the to match the of againclears effects, and displays or the and off and back the the top and buttons. Custom the the the or the the or off. the the Effects buttons the The Effects buttons the allow to highlighting or or to of the with
the to the appearance and of these Each assigned function the factory. You the Effects functions to each or buttons with If the optional ELP III software, assign Functions to the Effects To function, the to location and To function, the the process. the as three-dimensional arrow (or other rather than arrow. The following the assignments. Function once to the of to the of the Press the Effects then the corner. the to the Then the of the the the
once to the To another the from the to the Press the Effects then the created and the straight the Function highlight of the with once to the the (This function and to the to highlight and the the to the only; of the To another the Press the Effects then the Clears the of effects. Clear the
selecting or the features, such as assigned to the Effects buttons, the to operations, such as Although the to the the the
The following the functions the Switches the input and Source the or off. Function the graphic to clock to graphic (tracking Correct matching the internal or the active Selects option. arrows right arrows the the the the to match the of againclears effects, and displays or Turns the and off and back the the
The lights top of the about its operating Lights light serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to light light light light the
The (The Steady Light Light There internal or the to the off. The Allow about seconds. Flashing and Steady The cooling Flashing Lights
The to replaced. the instructions. flashing and Light Light Theres with the supply, or or malfunctioned the Flashing to the instructions. Steady The functioning normally. Light Light Theres with the cooling or service Flashing turned off of overheating. Steady The functioning normally. too Flashing the
to which the the or the the following whether the or another The the and of the VCR). The features, such as the tone and sound. The the and to the The basic options.
the optional ELP III software. Functions to The the appearance of the (To assign to the buttons, assigned to the Effects buttons the the Effects information.) The About displays information about the such as the of hours the or the used. these from If the optional ELP III software, information. The the to their factory
To the the the or the The appears: Accessing the Press the to the Accessing the
Press the the or to the To Press the or or or the to through the choices. and buttons of options appears to the right. The options whether the the or
The following shows the options the when the the to to or the top or Press the Press the or or or the to through the right or the to Press the or right arrow buttons or of the to back to the to finished the than once). automatically.
following options when the Computer. You the using the The the Source the or the to to The connected and operating, and the these options. To the the Source Computer) and right buttons to the or the top or to (H/V) Then the or Select this item the the item or the Increase brightness to or to the Brightness with the from the this to or the the or the to to the Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the Tracking to light and Decrease to the light and areas. Increase the the light and areas.
or the The the or and buttons to Select this item the the of the input item to the selected Increase the Next, the or and right buttons or the the this this allows the to the the to option. Then the tracking and If this input and to the If the or refresh the the or the to to the or to the Next, and then the to the or Select this item and then the to clear If and then the without or the items to their factory Source Computer)
actually from (such as VCR or connected and VCR). To the the The to and the operating to these options the the Source the or You the using the The following options when the Source or the Increase brightness to or to the Brightness item to light and Decrease to the light and areas. Increase the the light and areas. or to red. This only with the of the Increase to NTSC (NTSC only) Increase the and Decrease and the sharpness of the Sharpness
to the Next, or and then or the to the Select this item and then the items to their factory item If and then to clear the without or the You the to the shown the following the Press the arrow or the or right the to increase the tone of the Press the right arrow to the the the and sound. Increasing the the sound. SRS SPACE the bass tone of the item
to the Next, or to Select this item and then the or the and then the sound. this to the sound. CENTER SRS items to their factory item to clear If and then the without or the which or the Select OFF Temporarily displays the to this to appear. Prompt the whiteness of the to increase the Press the white; warmer white. Press arrow or the to the right arrow or right the the You basic the item
Rear Mirrors the when from Selecting ON while OFF off the when the from the Selecting ON this while OFF off item whether or displays when the and information about creating Selects the English, Spanish, or the input You from AUTO, NTSC, NTSC PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL and SECAM. Next, and then or the or to the to the Select this item and then the If and then to clear the screen without or the items to their factory
and assign to the button. Once assigned You the to the the the or the to the Creating and Select the the arrow the or the the Then the to the the (with the to as Press the to the Follow these to and Creating the appears the Choose or the or right arrow buttons the or or right The the as the the Then selection appears the To the of the to as the the arrow Once selected the the the or the the
Select and the If to the The this appears the using the arrow buttons or then the Next, the appears the Select and the If The the appears the to the the the completed. appears the the or to the or other the Dont the while the Creating and
Follow these to assign the to the the and the Press the to the the to the to Press when to the the or the the Select the option, then highlight Press the to to the
The the appearance of effects. You to the or the Effects buttons to their factory the Effects the and (This to the Cursor function the ELP III software; and the and of highlighting. the of the the and Item functions assigned to the Effects buttons to their factory to the Effect or to the Next, and then Select this item and then the or the the to or High. Cursor Clears the of effects. Clear the Effects to clear the without If and then or the
If the optional ELP III software, Functions to the Effects information. the Effects with Information About The About displays information about You the following when the Computer: the and of the the of the the refresh of the Refresh Rate Item light flashes and when the the of its life. this the the of hours the used. The with as as You the following when the the Item of its life. this the with light flashes and when the the the of hours the used. The as as
Selecting the option from the the to their factory It or You prompted to the action. Select or then the top or or the to the
ELP III optional ELP III software using Its that allows to the from the following: of and Effects with the Effects with Assign to that effects without the the to performance
the ELP III to the to If PS/2 the ELP III finished connecting the and as If purchased the optional ELP III to Chapter Connecting the ELP III the ELP III Unpacking the ELP III the software the software This chapter covers: the ELP III these (PC ELP III
PS/2 (PC (PC to the as to III and the ELP III If To the ELP III software, to the ELP the ELP III These from the included with ELP III software CD-ROM (PC or Connecting the ELP III Connecting the ELP III
and other the You should already the cord, the as Chapter to the ELP III they To the this section the the or other already connected. The following instructions to the ELP III both of where noted otherwise. to PC or The You both the and the that with the ELP III to the ELP III software and as to the the Effects buttons the If to PS/2 or the that with the Connecting to PC or the and turned off. ELP III
PS/2 Mouse/Com This shows the the it from the and the If connected the PS/2 that with the or Connecting the ELP III
the round of the to the Mouse/Com of the PC to the PC SERIAL the of the You to the ELP III software that to ELP III
the other of the PC to the the back of with ELP III to the MOUSE the the of the PS/2 that If to the as of the If and the that with ELP III instead of the PS/2 and the You to the to appear both the this with the function or the If to with instructions. the other of the PS/2 to Tighten the screws Connecting the ELP III to to the software.
The following instructions to the ELP III to or The the both of where noted otherwise. You both the and the that with the ELP III to the ELP III software and as to the the Effects buttons the If to that with the Connecting to or the and turned off. ELP III
Mouse/Com This shows the the If connected the that with the from and the or Connecting the ELP III
the round of the to the Mouse/Com of the that with the ELP III to the MAC SERIAL the of the the other of the to the the back of or ELP III
Macintosh, the of the that with the ELP III to the MOUSE the If to the as of the Mirroring the to the the as as the which If to choose (This that with the ELP III to the the other MAC MOUSE) of the Connecting the ELP III to to the software.
You the ELP III software and OS and OS the ELP III Software the Software should automatically. to If then and type E:\SETUP the If or NT, the CD-ROM E). Then OK. and off the Software CD CD-ROM Turn and from the the type E:\SETUP the CD-ROM If and E), then OK. Select [or from the pull-down and Next. the ELP III the to and OK. ELP III
and Select the to it and The to the ELP III already Then Follow the instructions the to the software. the automatically. Then the You Double-click the ELP the to to the Software CD CD-ROM Select and OK. the Software from the pull-down and OK. You the Select [or software the top of the The automatically or Custom from the pull-down If Custom then to and already which of the following items to ELP III the ELP III software, the ELP III V2.0, ELP III and the and to You the the ELP III Software
the items to ELP III V2.0 the and optional. If the Click to the software and follow the instructions If to Click You the software ELP III the ELP III the following: Connected the and the ELP III software Turned both the and You the software without the although cant or other ELP III
If or NT, to III appears the Click the and then the The ELP the from If the the Then the The ELP III appears: ELP III
connected, Select and Then the If to the software or incorrect COM If to the software without the the disconnected or connected to connected, Unconnected and If the COM using the Double-click the ELP ELP III and three Option, and Helpappear the top of the If the connected to Macintosh, or Select and then the COM indicating that there from the If Unconnected and If the connected, to the COM to the software without the the Starting the the or (whichever connected the If ELP III the first COM from the Option then choose the Select Property from the Option You the ELP III slightly than the shown this chapter. ELP III
the software, or the COM to which If the COM when the connected, the COM from the ELP III software. the COM Assignment Choose COM from the that appears. Select from the Option the COM Assignment
You the ELP III software to assign to the Effects buttons or Effects buttons assignments as then that with You the when to Functions to the Effects You assign functions from the ELP III to assignments to their to function or function from Effects this information about and information about assignments to the Effects buttons, the Effects buttons ELP III
selecting the the You Effects assignments to their of the ELP III and function from the the Click the that to the to the Follow these to Effects assignments: each to which to function. If to of the and follow the instructions If to than of assignments, to and Recalling Effects Assignments with Click the the of the ELP III when assignments active whenever the Effects buttons. If If created of Effects assignments, these created than of assignments, the created active Functions to the Effects You to the Effects ELP III active. or the first.
The below the and to them. straight the and Function the the Then the and the to the another the where the to to the of the To Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of the the the to the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the another the where the to and once to the the to the To the Then the the to the of the the to and the to of the To another the where the using the Then the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of of the the the the ELP III
Press the to the Press the Effects assigned to this the the location and the to the To another the to the Creates or You this function to highlight (or of the and Function Press the Effects assigned to this the to the to the location and the the where to appear. Then the to the To another to the the from arrow to three-dimensional arrow or other Cursor or of the You assign to Effects buttons. You Effects then through the with each of the of that assigned to the Pressing the assigned Effects that the Press the assigned Effects to the Press the assigned Effects to clear the Clears from the Clear Functions to the Effects and information.
or To or function the right the top using the as Functions which functions currently assigned to the following appears. (The options and Click the ELP III to the Effects buttons.) Once assigned function to Effects button, specify options that function. Click the the function to then wish. ELP III
the If the as the top To the the right or To each the and the as the the the or the the Click OK to and to the ELP III The following the options each function. Function the background text or through the whether to the to the of the of the of the to the from to the from to the the Functions to the Effects the background text or through the the with
the background text or through the the from to the the with Function the background text or through the Selects Click the to used, or New to You to to the selected or to the selected the of the or vertically. Direction the from to Rounds the corners of the the the Click the or New Cursor to You to to the selected or to the selected the specified Effects and This to commands below instructions. options Screen Clear ELP III
You to functions to Effects buttons. Follow these to and Click the ELP III You the Functions to the Effects Select as the function Effects and to to the the the assigned to this Effects appear this Functions to the Effects
and Down. If the the such as Home, such as Ctrl S. You that to to overwrite the the and to You assign to Effects buttons. If assign through the The Effects each to the Effects the to the which appears the field. To clear the field, Clear. Click to the to the field. You to Click OK to to the ELP III ELP III
You than of Effects assignments to functions with You might to than to the apply to or and Recalling Effects Assignments to of assignments to or and to the to of assignment Follow these to of Effects assignments: Click the ELP III Functions to the Effects the Function type the and OK. If than of Effects assignments, the created active
If of Effects assignments, and each If to the as as another To of assignments, its from the the of the ELP III (You to to the To of assignments from the its and ELP III
clear them, the of that You functions to or with the You then the these assignments instead of the Effects the Functions to the Functions to the to the
Click the ELP III functions those currently assigned to the Effects to the following appears. (The buttons the Follow these to assign functions to the or To the of the Ctrl the the field each function and and the Ctrl while the other To clear the the to clear and Clear of Effects assignments the If to assignments and through Click OK to to the ELP III ELP III
or function the right To To or or once to To these the of the the the and of boxes, and You the to the following: the performance correcting with tone correction) to with the
the ELP III You the To the the options the software without the connected. ELP III
To of the buttons the the Brightness On, these from the the as those the Chapter information about However, when The from the from or the
Click the The following appears: Follow these to the following of the Click the the to the the then another to (To to the ELP III
If the to Computer, the following options the Option to light lighter and Decrease it to the light and areas. Increase the the light and areas. with the tracking from the this to or brightness. Increase to or to the Brightness Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the Tracking from the and the If the the this allows the to the graphic through or of the currently selected. the of red, and the the and the to their
If the to the following options the other than Option or to red. This only with the of the Increase to NTSC (NTSC only) Increase the to light lighter and Decrease to the light and areas. the light and the brightness. Increase brightness to or to the Brightness the Increase the and Decrease and or of the currently selected. the sharpness of the Sharpness to their sound the and The the following Option ELP III
sound. Increasing the increases the sound SRS SPACE the tone of the the tone of the Option sound. the the SRS sound. CENTER SRS or of the currently selected. to their the
whether or displays when the (AV/MUTE) The to Option this when the the the top to this when to the back of the to right. Rear Temporarily displays the which or the Prompt the front white; warmer white. Press the to increase the the the whiteness of the right arrow the or right the arrow or the to the the input AUTO, NTSC, NTSC PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL or SECAM. or of the currently selected. to their ELP III
fidelity, and quality. Each of the the aspect of You the to performance. Testing Performance Click the The following appears: the
specify. Either type the of the to or to should this blow-up of the to character-based the The to Choose of the following: finished, to the and to the to the selected. ELP III
then to or to the You or from the when to with Click the The appears. Creating the
Click the The following appears. Click the the to and or The selected appears the To the the and the of the to the Click the the to the corner, and then Click OK to the The reappears. If the type, the type. To increase or the which the displays, from the ELP III
Click the to to The appears. the then OK. To to the the Download and follow the instructions the You with the If of appears increase correction, which the the This correction often achieves than correcting or from the Click to to the Click the The appears: the
and the of correction with of Select the correction: correction applied. If with the Click to with the and ELP III Without the Click when finished. connected to and the assign functions to or to with isnt You assign functions to the Effects buttons of the Effects buttons. You and the then as You although cant to the the You the ELP III software without the connected and operating. To ELP III without the connected, Unconnected and from the Option this exiting ELP III the correctly the ELP III
ELP III Without the
ELP III
should the following: to the the and of the the from overheating. Clean the or smears appear the Clean the when necessary. the and as (If other replacing, or service
Warning: of the off and procedures this chapter. other cover the the and covers. the injury. Dont to servicing other than the the and other that attached. servicing to service the follow the to the internal Lightly the with cloth. To Clean the whenever or the or smears the cloth with alcohol-based and the Cleaning the To clean the first the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the Cleaning the Dont thinner, or other These the to
with This overheating and the To the follow these hours of If isnt cleaned become Clean the the of the every Cleaning the the the cover and the cover. (The attached to the of the cover.) the its with the the top that the easily the this from the housing. Turn off the and the from the Cleaning the
office to clean the If and other cloth. If to or the torn, the the U.S. to ELPLP07. with each or EPSON the back the the cover. the The typically about hours of Its to the when: The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the The light or flashing and The or to Accessories the U.S. and To or EPSON ELPLP07, or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S only).
outlet and the least Turn off the and the from the the to cool. Warning: the cool Also, the of the assembly; this screwdriver, coin, or to the screw the cover. the screw off the cover. (You cant this screw from the cover. the its with the the top easily the cover. the this from the housing. the
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the assembly (You cant these screws Dont the of the assembly; this Gently the and securely. Tighten the screws the assembly. the and the assembly. the cover and the cover screw. the securely The the cover
The If to please follow these to the Transporting the business first the then firm cushioning around the hard-shell carrying (such as the optional EPSON carrying the hand, to it hard-shell or carrying (such as the optional offered EPSON). EPSON incurred the repairs, of cushioning around Transporting the
Troubleshooting with the what to of the warning lights the with the or the to sound. his chapter to lights and what to when Its the following with the Remote what to the to commands.
If the section and follow the or EPSON as that apply to If of the what to cant the with the or Sound or there sound. The useful information that or sound To the the the or the the following the of the within the to the The or of the displayed Colors the appears the The too Each displays and the of the as the Troubleshooting
Then the back and the back If with the first it off and If this the the lights top of the These lights to with operation with the light light light with the
The off of overheating. The too Flashing Light The to replaced. the instructions. Theres with the supply, or or theres malfunction the Flashing The Allow about seconds. Flashing Theres with the cooling or service Flashing flashing and or Theres internal or the to the off. Both the and the Steady the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the The Steady The cooling Flashing Troubleshooting
The cooling the light flashing and then the The light flashing and cant the The and the off. connected both the outlet and the and the on/off switch the back of the and then the Turn the off, that the securely button. If there the To the active and then the The light the as the automatically. the cool then back nothing the The overheating, which the off Projected or to or the light red. The light red. with the The clogged. Clean as Cleaning the then the cool awhile.
the caused to the cooling or internal If the to overheat the service Warning: Dont to servicing other than the Chapter The too from the or too to the receiver. The them. and to the (or If using the as wireless the the using ELP III). securely connected to both Chapter (or Chapter ELP III). The to commands. with the Light that too or of lighting the receivers. the lighting and off the of sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. Troubleshooting
COM the when the ELP III software. If necessary, the COM If ELP III, selected the from the Option information. with the or Sound that the light and the off. the cord, and other securely connected, as Chapter (and Chapter ELP III). the or the to choose another The selected. Press the Source appears the Press the ESC the right or the top screen This clear the the as to the You should using the appear as while the appears the and with the or Sound
5550C) or 7550C), the the If the with this If the computers higher than choose the of the displayed. the group. the and the to the or NT right-click the choose and or the Apple and then choose Sound. the with OS or choose Supported Computers and with OS or lower, choose the Apple and then choose Monitors. the Sound from the another (or selected. Displays You to created software The of the following: the theres from the or the isnt selected, the connected to the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the The NO SIGNAL displayed. Troubleshooting
switches correctly. Then that the selected correctly. If attached to Macintosh, that the DIP instructions.) the turning the NO SIGNAL displayed, cant options off, then and manually the Tracking and The cant the the cant the The the to or NO SIGNAL. displayed. there the the Brightness and the If and the turned off. the Tracking and buttons the or The or of the or the and with the or Sound There or smears the Clean the as
The incorrect. If the option the to the of red, and If the and (NTSC only) the The of the right. the isnt turned the and that Also, that the the securely attached to both the and the The selected. Press the Source the or to the There sound. Troubleshooting
Technical Specifications Poly-silicon Thin-Film Transistor (TFT), active of of inches 5550C: SVGA 7550C: XGA F=1.7 to to reproduction (ANSI) brightness to inches
to to 60-inch rear, mount) Projection NTSC, NTSC PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL SECAM interface Supported SRS 3D Sound aspect ratio to ratio hours UHE High Efficiency) to Effective ELPLP07 S/N ratio Technical Specifications
right/left: upper/lower: Supports IR repeaters, I/R interface Remote AA Supports PS/2, ADB, and Supports IR repeaters, Interface inches inches Height Mechanical to VAC A, to VAC A, supply inches Rated
to F to C), to F to C), to RH, Humidity CSA C22.2 DOC SOR/88-475 to RH, FCC 15J Class UL1950 United States Technical Specifications
The following the the type Computers and and Apple VGA60, VESA SVGA XGA 60/70A/75/85 SXGA NEC PC SXGA VGA Text VGA Text SXGA EGA IBM IBM PC and The of allow the to displayed correctly. EWS PAL, PAL60, SECAM NTSC TV only.
The and RGB, The assignments and assignments (ID GND GND input input input GND GND Synchronous GND GND GND GND (ID GND GND SDA (SCL) Technical Specifications
The of light and Brightness and with relatively of the tonal the high-contrast light bright highlights and of of white and and synchronization information type of that NTSC North the National America, and NTSC
New Zealand, and Phase of Africa. PAL of or One inch. of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. Projecting the from the Rear type of that as of red, and RGB type of S-VHS It and power-saving which the turned off when the amount of the Eastern and of TV Africa. SECAM
that of Graphics high-resolution VGA Graphics SVGA higher than VGA. SVGA Graphics SXGA higher than XGA. SXGA XGA Graphics higher than VGA. XGA