AM EPSON
AM WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and service and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed CPD-13953 Information Copyright Notice
AM EPSON and that than pounds and offer to ANSI of brightness. From classrooms to and bright and ordinary of and or The 0.9-inch LCD high ratio incredibly and clear reduces while amplified sound and whisper-quiet operation to theater-quality With the displays from VGA through UXGA (or SXGA the The the Interface (DVI) You the to of computers, including and Apple Macintosh, (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. You of the following VCR, DVD or The and and the (HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). USB and to ease of of
AM You of four the the from EPSON highly You to or and to three and easily switch them. You include sound to three of the of or of these Connecting to or other If to to PC or or To to workstation, that Interface (DVI) or than A. Connecting to You DVD VCR, player, or other to You to three the (with or without and easily switch them. instructions. the The switch from or to another, with to and other features. the as wireless This through slideshow-style (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, the USB or optional to the built-in or other
AM If permanently the to or to the the from If to to the from the ceiling-mounted), the EMP You this its from or USB to the to the To the to and and fast, the owners This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. the instructions to and connected to or
AM Includes warranty brochures, and EPSON this the and the with from the the or the Download and to EPSON If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the owners of services hours information. and Warranty with basic carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the the warranty included owners who their EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or overnight the owners To the included owners and to EPSON. products, and service.
AM the the the shown below: A/V PS/2 USB to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying (such as the optional from EPSON). information about
AM Additional to the To (One usually with To from VCR or other You purchase this from EPSON; To to the the interface You purchase this from EPSON; and the shown from EPSON; to VGA to the as wireless If USB If PC USB or PS/2 PC to the To of the Interface, DVI and of DVI You purchase this from EPSON; To from
AM Optional Accessories To of the EPSON the following optional You purchase these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Product Product and V13H010L15 Customized carrying Samsonite wheeled ATA ATA Soft shoulder mount plate security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch Theatre 80-inch Theatre microphone and ELPCVSII ELPPAS1 Remote to ELPST02 of Remote (includes and clip-on directly to (includes ELPAP01 and (VGA to ELPKC19 DVI to DVI, DVI to DFP, DVI to High Motion High ELPKS35 ELPKS40 ELPKS41 ELPKS13 ELPMB36 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPST04 ELPKC20 ELPKC21 V12H005C25 ELPDC02 ELPDC03 V12H064020
AM
AM the his chapter to the or If to the or to or workstation A. instructions the following this Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to the
AM Its to the when the directly front of the to it off-center, the correction to information. the Positioning the the to where to The location choose the of the and what the to from the there of around and the the within of grounded outlet or cord, and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. to the front of the as as the and the to This the the front of the the and enough to the to to the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to from
AM If the below the of the to the as shown. the the to its the the as the chapter. If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole screen with the height the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON; Optional Accessories
AM To to and other A. If with RCA follow the instructions to the location of the to the Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and Connecting the and the turned off. of the to the Computer2/Component the other of the to or If and cant the to the as shown from EPSON; Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions. Computer2/Component
AM Connecting the Remote the as wireless and through slideshow-style such as from to This flexibility to The USB If includes sound, through the the USB the whether round PS/2 or USB of the to the USB or the other of the to the or USB If necessary, to with If to other and turn instructions. USB the If that round If PC with to the On or USB OS and only. USB
AM If the USB to from the Amplifying its own sound however, If or sound included). of the to the the the other of the to headphone or locations which to If to other and turn instructions.
AM Connecting to Sources You DVD player, VCR, or other to The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the The and You or of these the The type of whether or the RCA A/V included with the the with or from You purchase this from EPSON; usually and red. the following which type of RCA Follow the instructions below type of the The TV
AM the Connecting the RCA A/V the and DVD or other turned off. the of the A/V to the yellow the other yellow to the the and white the A/V to the (white) and (red) the and white the other of the to the If instead of RCA included). to the the A/V A/V
AM Connecting If to higher which included with or purchased the and DVD or other off. of the the other the of If RCA the A/V to to the (white) and (red) If instead of RCA included). to the the A/V the
AM the Connecting If and red) them to higher which from EPSON; the and DVD or other turned off. the VGA of the to the the red, and leads the of the to the If RCA the A/V to to the (white) and (red) A/V If instead of RCA included). it to the the If the properly, to the Comp2/YCbCr option the
AM the the to or other (as Chapter or A), ready to the the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions using the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the the
AM the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as or A. Then as below, to You and than or connected, to switch to the as Turning On the Follow these to and the If first and VCR, DVD or other (If from to of the to the the back of the the other to grounded light top of the indicating that the turned The the
AM Press the top of the The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light and with the displayed. This light of the following: If from turn or should If New that found If New about USB Next and follow the instructions the only). If the If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and to the from overheating. warning the when the This and the
AM the What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the correctly, as or other the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting If connected than and/or to the Computer/YCbCr or the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or
AM If using or with OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) the
AM the If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA selected. Click the the selected. the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If of displayed, to the button. information. If the or Select the VGA
AM Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions. the
AM the the Height of If the too the foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the This the foot. Once the where release the to the foot If to straighten the the round foot the back of the If the the section. foot release back foot
AM the If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If cant the or right the Tracking Tracking If or the top or to the of the correction, slightly Tracking Tracking You correction the Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking the
AM the the to resized to the If of displayed, with the Press the the (or the The the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and If (using the the the to to the the Tracking and Synchronization If from and that of (such as the text of or or or of the characters heavy or You increase the clarity the the (or the the This the and If further the manually the Tracking and buttons as incorrect tracking incorrect
AM the While to switch the or temporarily turn off the and sound. Follow the instructions below to theses from You these features, others, the as Chapter Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the buttons the (or to switch the On the the Computer/YCbCr to switch and Press the to switch and the the appears. the If includes sound, the from the To increase the the right of the To reduce the the of the Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking A/V the
AM You such as the whenever the A/V button. instructions. the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the the Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to and off the sound. This to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the the finished using the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If connected or and through the (the disconnected or off), the first; otherwise to to properly. To off the the the or light You (If to off, other
AM Press the The light flashes about and as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the If the front foot, the foot to the and the cord. If VCR or other off off the and the protective To the or the when the light or flashing the
AM the
AM the features from anywhere the to You to the and off, of and highlight If and connected the (as or A), the as wireless This chapter covers the following information: Turning and the the and sound Highlighting the as wireless the Remote
AM the following Dont and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the of the Remote Turning On and the the to its and turn as below. Follow these to or the Press the to release the cover. the cover and the AA included with the as shown. the cover. Turning On the Remote Then the on/off switch the of the to turn Turn off the or This the from something of the buttons.
AM the Remote the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to the following instructions. to the to the Press the of the with thumbor and and the to the and Sound You the to the temporarily off the and sound, the action, the or and connected as or A. Switching Sources If connected to and/or the buttons the to switch the Press the Comp2/YCbCr to or connected to the the Press the to connected to the DVI the Press the to Press the to the the appears. the Remote Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source
AM A/V A/V the Remote the If connected to the the sound thats through the To increase the the right of the To reduce the the of the Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To turn off the the A/V The To the back the You such as the whenever the A/V button. instructions. Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to
AM You of the the the Press the indicating the of the appears the the to the crosshair where Press the right of the to the selected Press the repeatedly to to four Press and the to to the You the to around the Press the of the to You the or to to the the to resized to the If of displayed, with the Press the button the (or the The the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and If the the the to to the the Remote A/V
AM You the Effects buttons to switch sounds the and Press Effect the Effect the the You and the as If (from or the First connected VCR or other as Chapter If using to the option as Press the the The and then appears the appears the of the to and the the to the the Press the to or reduce the the located and the the The disappears, and the finished the the The disappears.
AM Highlighting You highlight the the buttons the You these effects features to or to The following three highlighting or Spotlight You the highlighting through the instructions. the You choose from three of and them anywhere To the the appears the of the To to arrow, Press third to arrow. Press the of the (or and to the arrow wherever To the the the of the You then to with another around the or wherever To the the and the light the Remote A/V You the to
AM You the and of the the the Remote Spotlighting With the Spotlight highlight of the To the spotlight the spotlight appears the You to switch three spotlight the to the spotlight where To the spotlight, You the of the the Effect and Highlights With the or the to or highlight You choose from three of To the the appears the If If to another the to the and the (or and right using the To the
AM the Remote as the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to near to To with the connected the the and as or other To the the the the and the of the with thumb or and and the to This the To (or left-click), the below the the of the This To right-click, the A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source to the the A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source Preset To left-click, the To right-click, A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source the
AM A/V Previous Next the Remote To the To and the and then the the to You the and arrow the to the or through This only when the USB Press the arrow to through or the Press the arrow to or the previous
AM the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. You the highlighting and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound the highlighting Creating features and other information Restoring the the
AM the the The and the from the or The the and of the It the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and The the and The Effect the and the highlighting the The allows to or such as the (P P) A/V option, and The and or which then as or with the A/V option. The Advanced specify additional including and rear or The About information about and or The the factory the
AM You the buttons the or to the and Follow these To the the the or the Computer/YCbCr Tracking Tracking You the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. Press the or the or or the the to through the the highlighted, the the or the to The highlight to the first option that Source Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source options the
AM If to back to the and then the the or or the to through the of (If or isnt connected, options the Tracking or or the to the the selected option. indicated light, while Press the to to the automatically. Press (or the to the
AM the The to the The options the which connected to the RGB), DVI RGB), or or RGB TV). DVI or the
AM If repositioned the or the the the or the the to the the Repositioning the Follow these to the to Press the You the Press the to the Press to the option. You positioning the Tracking and buttons or the to the right, or the the to Appearance Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press the to the the Tracking and buttons or the to the following options: Tracking only) from the internal clock to the only) Corrects the with the tracking from the Brightness or the the light and areas. selected (the the periodically. only) the or of the
AM (NTSC only) the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or To the displays (the when from with High Brightness: bright without Presentation: Theater: with (the or only) this to allow the to the automatically. If the to with the and choose of the only) this using PAL PAL60 Reduction only) This useful when text and combined, as with the correctly, or the
AM the and Recalling from and and to combinations. This than with the the each and them when necessary. Follow these to the Press the to the Press the to the the or the to to the Preset option. Press You the Preset Selection with the displayed. or the the to the to which to assign the If and Press Press or to to the Preset the You the selected the To another the Preset the displayed. The to the selected
AM the Sound You the to the or the sound or Press the You the the or the to highlight You the following: Press to the the Tracking and buttons or the to the following options: selected sound, and Select USB to sound through USB to the finished the sound, or the
AM the the Highlighting The highlighting and other of to as to You the Effect to these and the highlighting. The option the highlighting to their Press the button. You the the or the to highlight You the Effect Press to the Effect the Tracking and buttons or the to the following: the and three Spotlight choose or spotlight. three each the and and choose and choose or high finished the highlighting or selections
AM Creating Screen You from or to the and then as You as the displayed when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to It from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the or You the the or the to highlight the then the shown right, and selection displays the the Tracking and buttons or the to the of the to Then the
AM You as the using the Advanced the the this and You the shown the the Tracking and buttons or the to and then the the appears, and the or DVD while the the the completed, to to the Choosing to the as the and/or the thats displayed when A/V Press the to the already displayed). the or the to highlight the Press the to the the or the to highlight or A/V when the to the or the to This as the to displayed. finished, or to
AM You the to the the and other features. Press the the or the to highlight You the options and their the right Press to the the Tracking and buttons or the to the following options: or Correct the of the correction the both and correction. If to the both the first. If the the the Sharpness Selects the the or Selects or to when the The displays that to the the
AM the Prompt off the text that appears when switch (Its to this A/V Selects the or to when the A/V The displays that to the Comp1 the input to the Computer1 Select or Comp2/YCbCr the input to the If the If the DVD or DVD or HDTV the off the input Turn off the to the finished, or
AM Advanced You the Advanced to the or mounting, and other features. Press the the or the to highlight Advanced You the and their the right Press to the Advanced the Tracking and or the to the following Select from to the Turn to or whenever the information.) the of the Select to and K. Select RGB to red, and as shown. (Not selected as the the information.) Rear Turn to from the
AM If the About when the to the and the The the least hours. the Turn when the mounted from the COM Switches RS-232C and USB finished, or and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the You the the or the to highlight About You the hours and the right: The of the about hours. If the shown to the to the
AM If the to Press then when the Press to the finished, or Restoring the The option the to their Select and the the or to the Select to the or to the
AM the
AM warning of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the top of the to cool the and from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the and Transporting the
AM and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the clean the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the the cleaning
AM Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. the with the top to and from To the EPSON and other office If the (such as If the to or the or EPSON the United States to please and Transporting the included. You should the when the
AM when the the that the and should with If mounted the should the This to the and the chance of from the and Transporting the If to the the arrow and the to To first the then clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The light or flashing red. The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To brightness and the as as or EPSON the United States V13H010L15 please Press the arrow
AM Follow these to the Turn off the to cool (when the light flashing), then the cord. Allow the to cool least hour screwdriver to the and the cover. Then and screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) and Transporting the the cool If the the to
AM the of the assembly. Touching the and Transporting the the as shown and straight Gently the Once the its screws. To the cover, the and then the cover (The the cover
AM the the to the the Press the the or the You the the or the to highlight About You the hours and other Press to Press You this Select then finished, or and Transporting the
AM EPSON incurred and Transporting the Transporting the The and If to follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first carrying (such as optional EPSON then firm cushioning around the If to the the carrying to off using the switch its This the from something of the buttons. hand-carrying the the carrying carrying
AM his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
AM On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices the the sound selection Follow these to Press the the or the Computer/YCbCr You the Press the or the (or the the to highlight of the Then the to Press the or the (or the the to highlight the to Then the to the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source
AM Highlight this choice Then the to the Press the to back If the to of the the or Tracking+ the (or the the to To the the If of the to the following What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light If the correctly, first off, cool, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the the following
AM lights Light The You or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and flashing off of internal the and EPSON The as flashing The ready. flashing There with the supply, or If necessary, the as flashing The too the surrounding the C) and there of around and the The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C) and there of around and the flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON to the following of the lights and their The clogged. Clean or as The clogged. Clean or as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or EPSON Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
AM The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the The light the securely both the and the If the the cover securely with the or Sound appears the light flashing, and the off. that the light the to the The If the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the pressing the the the Brightness the correct. information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the
AM You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as restarting If and or to the Computer/YCbCr or the or the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the to the Allow seconds the to the If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If or with OS From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
AM If using OS X: Select Preferences Select the VGA selected. Click the the selected. The Not displayed. the Comp1 and Comp2/ options the correct. UXGA and the the If necessary, as the following of the displayed. Press the the the the information. correct. Ideally, should and or to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and On the Apple choose then and Sound Select
AM You to existing created them software information. The isnt trapezoid-shaped. If the the the the top. the or top of the the If the isnt directly front of the facing the squarely, the the or right the or top of the the The or the Comp1 and Comp2/ options the correct. If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to using the from to
AM the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or the or the Press the the This the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the buttons the (or the as the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt white background. the and the or buttons to (If while the buttons, the as then the Tracking Tracking
AM of the used, exactly match the or the and the and buttons to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. If the option the to the If the and the the the Advanced to the There sound. turning the Press the right of the the or the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. the USB securely connected to the and and the USB OS and only.) If using the securely connected to both the and headphone or or other Tracking Tracking
AM the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the the A/V The selected. Press the Computer/YCbCr or the the Comp1, Comp2/YCbCr or the the with the Remote The to commands. the turned within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to or right and or below). The correctly or To the batteries, the lights and off the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant the with the the securely connected to both or USB and the or USB or other on/off switch
AM Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Where To EPSON technical through services hours as the following Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included owners This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
AM A: Connecting to Additional his to the to PC or Macintosh, high-end workstation, than or DVI It the installation. The following information covered: the Connecting to PC Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to high-end workstation Connecting to DVI A: Connecting to Additional
AM Positioning the information. A: Connecting to Additional the The four front mounting, rear or as shown: front mounting To from overhead, to the Advanced To from the rear, Rear Advanced Features If mounting the the and to it to the This the to its You then the using the function the Features or the the If the with the top of the the and to If the than the top of the to the to the whole with the
AM the from If to to the from the EMP You this its from or USB to the to the Connecting to The internal enough However, and sound the to or (PA) This the internal If connected and to the the switch the with the whenever choose Switching Sources or To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 which included with sound or purchased from the and or PA off. the to the the RCA the of the to the and right of or PA A: Connecting to Additional
AM A: Connecting to Additional Connecting to PC You the to PC. This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to the as or USB Connecting the with Follow the each section the to the and turned off. If with positioning the Connecting the Disconnect the from the the back of the If the as as the the to the as shown.
AM of the to the Computer2/Component as shown. the other of the to the Tighten the screws the Computer2/Component A: Connecting to Additional
AM If PC with to the A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the To the as follow the below. whether round PS/2 or USB The USB If USB and includes sound, through the the USB the of the USB to the USB as shown. USB from the the back of and with the other of the while the as USB
AM Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in to included). If connected the USB of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound A: Connecting to Additional
AM the location of the to which purchase from EPSON; A: Connecting to Additional Connecting to You the to This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to as or USB Connecting the with Follow the each section the to the and off. If with the Connecting the the from the the back of the If the as as the the to the as shown.
AM of the to the as shown. the other of the to the the If to which from EPSON To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the of the Then the (with the the Macintosh. Tighten the screws the Computer2/Component A: Connecting to Additional
AM A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the To the as follow the below. If the USB the USB included with the If round the The USB OS and If USB and includes sound, through the the USB the of the USB to the USB USB the other of the to USB USB
AM Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in to included). If connected the USB of the to the the the other of the to the or the Macintosh. A: Connecting to Additional
AM A: Connecting to Additional Connecting to To to the to the Computer1 the optional the DVI Interface) of the to the the other to the Computer1 as shown. To properly, the Comp1 option the correctly. instructions. If to hear the through the to the USB or purchase RCA-to- from or the Then the the other of the to the matching the white to the and the to the
AM Connecting to High-End Workstation There across-the-board workstation of input to Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or If connecting workstation. Connecting to DVI Source The DVI Interface) directly from This the of clarity than achieved VGA To follow these the DVI to the Computer1 To properly, the Comp1 option the correctly. instructions. If to this the to (to the as wireless the or USB A: Connecting to Additional Computer1
AM A: Connecting to Additional
AM B: Notices his chapter includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in B: Notices
AM B: Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or it performance, indicating service. If or the housing This includes that mercury. Please and regulations and the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the
AM Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: the turned The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based directly from the containing of the B: Notices
AM B: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-600/811/820
AM FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes B: Notices
AM B: Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first user of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If claimed or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
AM FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA B: Notices
AM B: Notices
AM C C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inches F=1.74 to to and (XGA) (SVGA) Brightness (ANSI) (ANSI) (ANSI) ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio correction C: Technical Specifications C
AM C: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) About hours V13H010L15 Remote AA Height inches inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, 3.1A to VAC, Supports PS/2 and USB
AM to F to C) to F to C) to RH, United States FCC 15J Class UL1950 DOC SOR/88-475 CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN Assignments The Computer2/Component RGB, its assignments: Synchronous GND GND GND SDA GND GND GND SCL GND to RH, Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN C: Technical Specifications
AM C: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate DVI PC98 VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360
AM Refresh Rate DVI SXGA375 SXGA385 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA48i UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85 VGA SVGA XGA MAC II MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 TV525i TV625i NTSC NTSC4.43 PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM The resized that displays of the only). The resized that using of the Not the C: Technical Specifications
AM C: Technical Specifications ESC/VP21 Commands the ready the the If terminates with and then the Item Command ON PWR ON ON/OFF OFF PWR OFF Computer1 SOURCE selection Computer1 SOURCE Computer1 SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE A/V ON MUTE ON ON/OFF OFF MUTE OFF A/V Black MSEL selection MSEL MSEL