rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This with protection. The property rights to the of this protection the of America, and others. employing this from the Company. The authorize the of this of including disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited. This publication and the to without and of Corporation. and and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Copyright Notice CPD-27690
Welcome lightweight that high-quality, anywhere and DVD, or offers these features: Flexibility to (or from to to from or DVD of with aspect ratio to of White and Light (brightness), enough HDMI interface high-end DVD with and DTS with DTS surround sound Long-life to hours of Two-year Service and Warranty with warranty that with the warranty included with offers free Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the included with to You using the CD that the products, and service. SM
Optional these and optional the Product (ELPLP56) V13H010L56 (ELPAF26) V13H134A26 security ELPSL01 and these and other optional wall-mountable www.epson.com/homeentertainment Ceiling-mountable You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca About This the to and This information the of troubleshooting and specifications. Please follow these as through the to to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with If the service. and the PIN the that with
and Foot foot HDMI Mic input cover light USB foot Headphone Remote Remote Security Foot
Top Access light Access DVD Turn or off light warning light light from Stop to previous Access Select
Remote from lighting Turn or off The the the to light using the Function/numerics DVD switch and light Access DVD features
Instructions Follow these instructions when and as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service cover the the and covers. the The from to of suffocation. the when the the bright light or the when Dont the or Also, the or heavy through the or the the or of heat or to or the playback. the with cloth cleaning. or cleaners. such as thinner, or the from the outlet cleaning. the where or the atmosphere. the where there or cooking or heating or where it with or or the of to the immediately Doing serious burns. the off the and approximately hour the to cool completely. The and easily If the the with to from and to the the the the of increases. the appears, the with as as
The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the The this high internal and If the to mercury the from or with the or mouth. to the while to burns from leaving the and to or with the the that become warped or heat the the the turned off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately or the or to impacts. the type of indicated the If of the the If the country other than where purchased the that country. the where the easily Dont the where the This or to the or the excessively, and heavy top of the the the from the when the to the when Dont the with and the the to or fire. Dont the with
Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or humidity; or from the normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing If there the otherwise shock. the and when the the the of the reach of and If they immediately. the as as they to heat or and them of to the the that the correct, and and batteries. other than those specified this Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. Dont the or top of heat-producing or heated such as Dont the of the to F to C]). Doing and to Dont the of the to F to C]) or sunlight of Doing to the there least inches of the and the or other
there least inches of the and the or other high-contrast than to burn-in. If this bright the burn-in (from to If cant the burn-in, as the too high, when headphones. to high sounds hearing. high the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.)
and Follow these instructions to choose location, and Unpacking the shown CD with Remote and AA Unpacking and
Choosing Location You about anywherein the or You with optional or ceiling-mounted or white The following three To choose white with smooth to coating the with to the quality. Wall and Projection Unpacking and
should directly front of the or facing straight to the If the too the and the This the to its You the using the buttons the or the instructions. The farther the from the or the the The following the (measured that the affects aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Unpacking and
aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to aspect ratio to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the these the the the within feet of or cord. the than while CDs or Unpacking and
If following the instructions included with the the instructions to the the the or batteries. the cover. the to bright light the The buttons the Unpacking and
the cover, then the and the The light Turning the If there the Press the the or the the The when finished off. Warning: the the or the the cover. Unpacking and
Follow the instructions this section to DVD, and playback. Wall and To of follow the this section. Wall You easily high white There or involved, and and the to that fits To the further, to the with that specially reflectivity and Projection If or professional These coatings with reflective that brightness, and sharpness as as around the mounting and as below. Considering Screen Shape and theater DVD HDTV broadcasts, or other contentthe ratio where the the DVD and HDTV broadcasts the vertically and The from to inches to
which and TV broadcasts. Watching DVD or HDTV broadcasts ratio the and and below the usually to inches (the height as 80-inch Considering Screen Mounting wall-mounted, or ceiling-mounted. these characteristics as choose which type would Screen mounting Characteristics Wall-mounted Typically permanently Ceiling-mounted Typically permanently to factors Considering and Quality theater white or of high increase the of with light the light and the If theater with walls, and than white typical or family with reflected light, and Can locations Can of the wall-mountable Can partially of the as artwork Can partially of the recessed the and completely Can manually or and Can and around and Usually of or
the reflectivity of light reflective measured as rates, with as the reflectivity of white board. Highly reflective brighter the enough theater and the appear to from theater with surroundings and with than where the light or light, to with than to the brightness. Starting DVD DVD the Warning: the cover or ejecting the appears, the and allow or to the The bright light about seconds, the and the
the and the to If the too the the foot and the If the the to the and corrects the If that the however, the buttons the or the the to the
the the to the the to the To or reduce the aspect ratio of the the the to Normal or the the Sound To the the or buttons the or You the the to temporarily off the sound.
You the buttons the or the to fast-forward, or replay sections of or You items DVD the DVD titles. title of CDs and CDs tracks. features or type. There three to DVD or track: To or CD or MP3 track, the or the To the or the To and the the or To the or the To and light the or temporarily or the To Pressing of the following buttons or the off and the the off, and to the to
Searching or To or through or CD, or the the the search (or shuttle) increases. To to Motion You or motion Press the Press repeatedly to the Press or to or motion. Each the the Press to to To to the chapter or track, the To to the of the chapter or track, the or Press to the the switch the to the to or the and buttons to around the necessary.
DVD top and include that To the about seconds to the top To items or Then necessary. You title or chapter If to the buttons, to the switch the to the the switch, the the through To the then To the then To the then to the Temporarily To temporarily the soundtrack (from the built-in or headphones), The to Press to
the You to based the lighting the Press The currently selected the Press repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the You from the following Selects the surroundings. with bright light. with the or closed. Theatre: completely fast-motion bright (option when connected to the selected This the Sound and You switch sound and surround sound and from the type of (or To the sound the the You the the To switch and surround sound), To the You the the to the Concert Action or CDs, the and
with Headphones headphones as shown below: headphones, hear sound from the built-in the to the headphones the the or Warning: the too high, when first the headphones. to high sounds hearing. high hearing or headphones. the and allow children or to the The bright light
Connecting Microphone microphone as shown below: You the the the or If the microphone too the the or through the Option
with Other You of and to to further and such as VCR, DVR, or TV receiver, or photo or other that USB containing or input such as or other MP3 to through the such as AV or Surround Sound to from the or to or hear through the Warning: the cover connecting/disconnecting The bright light Additionally, the which the appears, the and allow or to the from Devices You to that HDMI, or To from or to white and to the and inputs. from of the including and sound You which included with or purchased from connecting, turned off. the as shown the following with Other
HDMI connecting HD or TV receiver, HD DVR, or HD VCR or DVD player, or TV or DVR, or or White with Other
connecting or TV receiver, DVR, or to the follow these to of the the cover and the the or the the Press the the or the the the the or up-arrow to the necessary), then the the or the the If the HDMI HDMI If the Turn the to the then the or Normally, selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the aspect, the the and Normal or the with Other White RCA
Connecting USB You USB such as or memory containing memory You or or The the following of USB MP3 WMA JPEG the or other to the USB as shown below. finished, the from the USB instructions MP3, WMA, JPEG, or with Other
Through You the to amplifier, Surround Sound or recorder. To sound from the the to (S/PDIF) input You which with or purchased from the turned off, then the as shown: Turn and or other with sound from You to the the Select connecting or PCM connecting to that with PCM. information, You of as and with Other
Connecting or You the to or to or or or and hear You to and RCA (2-RCA to You purchase these from connecting, turned off. the or as shown. the cords and the the cover and the the or the the Press the the or the the the the or up-arrow to PC necessary), then the the or the the Turn the to the connected or White RCA with Other
Switch the the or to the or both the and the Usually this function to through choices; instructions. If both the and to the to the instructions. Normally, the selects the aspect ratio automatically. If to the aspect, the the and Normal or with Other
Doing with Follow the instructions this section to and advanced playback and features. and and You CDs and CDs or USB with MP3, WMA, and You JPEG CDs or USB CDs To CD, the You of the playback features, including and to the or previous track. instructions. You the buttons, as To the buttons, to the switch the to the To off the the cover. Doing More with
MP3/WMA or You MP3 or WMA and CDs, or USB information the of that or USB that MP3, WMA, and/or of and/or Press or to or To to the or or Press or to the selected track or finished the the automatically. To off the when the cover. MP3 or WMA through the of the highlight the You the to the displayed. instructions. Doing More with
JPEG or USB that JPEG photo of and/or Press or to or then to the To or To the slideshow and thumbnail To the or previous of thumbnails, or To the of the and If or USB includes both and JPEG slideshow with To the of Select the and to Select the JPEG and to the slideshow. Doing More with
Advanced Playback or and selecting titles, chapters, or tracks. On that include or the easy to these features. Repeating Chapter, Track, or You chapter or title DVD to continuously (or You track CD or MP3, WMA, JPEG, or To chapter, title, or track, the switch the to the You the indicating the selected option. Press to through the options repeating. On DVD, chapter or title or On or CD, track or or MP3, WMA, JPEG, and or To the Doing More with
the You CD or chapters and DVD. to the CD or DVD. Press the switch the to the You the which allows to playback the switch the to the the buttons to the to titles, or tracks). Press or to the If than chapters or tracks, or to the or Next or the and To or chapter and To the the and To the and the switch the back to the To the To playback, and Doing with
Selecting and and allow to or from or If these the the to them. Press the the To the of the To You choice of or To Press the repeatedly to the option You the Playback information as below. of the Playback Information Screen You the and while DVD, or CD, or Press the switch the to the You information the following below the Press or to the item to and Select the and You the title, chapter, track or the as To the buttons, to the switch the to the playback from the title, chapter, track, or selected. Doing More with
CDs with Playback (PBC) CD with playback (PBC), the following: To the item to or or the switch the to the then the as To the or previous or when the displayed. To the playback, repeatedly the displayed. To the function, follow these Press to the Press or and to of the following (each displays or Track the first or seconds of each the and the first or seconds of each Doing More with
Track each and the first or seconds of each To to the and To the and Select the track to the arrow buttons and You access, the sound, and other of the of these the or buttons the You to to from them. locked, to the DVD to lock. Press to the Press the the You the Doing More with
Press the Others Press to highlight then to the to then Press to highlight then Press to Press to the switch the to the then using the buttons. The first to the first, then the the Confirm PWD using the buttons. Press to Once to the CD or DVD. If the to the Press to the the the You the the to children from turning the and the (You the the to of reach.) You to the holding the the least seconds. Warning: allow or to the when the turned The bright light that their Press the You the to highlight Option then Press to Child Press Doing More with
to On then Press or Press to the You to the the to the Child the when The off when DVD than You to off the while while To the to from the following The switches off of inactivity The switches off the of specified, whether or You from to the the turn the off. Doing More with
You the to the that allow to this selection. Press the the You the Press to highlight the then to the of OSD the the Other the DVD or Press to the then to of To the Quality You the the to the brightness, tint, sharpness, and other that quality. You when the to Press the You the Press to Press the option to You the following items and Brightness NTSC Doing More with
Sharpness High the red.) Iris the light based the of the Press or to increase, or the Press to the the Others The Others including CD options, and MP3/WMA/JPEG You services and to their Press the You the Press to the Others Press to highlight the then to or the option. Press to the option then to You choose from the following: the when than Select to off this PBC: to off when CDs. VOD Select this to This allows to purchase or through services www.divx.com/vod (and them the MP3/JPEG or USB that MP3, WMA, JPEG, or normally showing the and Select Without to the the or USB shown of which they located Press and to to their factory the and hours). instructions locking instructions locking To the Doing More with
You with or recorded Press the the You the to the Press Press to highlight or Night then to You the following to connected to the Night Turn this DVD Press or to the to then to To the and Other You the to the and other options. Option Press the You the Press to highlight Option then to Press the option to You the following items: Mic this the microphone too or too high. You assign of the following items to the Info, Projection. the the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch Child Turn this to the the information. High Turn this the to that the overheat. Doing More with
Press or to the Press to the Press the You the to highlight then Press to Press the option to You the following this to the of the the upward. Select On to the the of the when the or Select to the or to reduce Select ECO the too bright (such as when or You when the to to to the the of the input If of the to or Normal Normally, this to when If appears or interference, the Turn this to the the optional Press or to the Press to the Doing More with
Information and the You the Info the to the of hours the used, and to the You information and that Press the You the to highlight Info then Press to the and other information. If the than hours, 0H displayed. To the the Press to Doing More with
Caring The to the clean. You to the to overheating. Warning: of the off and the cord. of the as this the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The only should the and If another replacing, or servicer Follow the instructions this section to the and clean and the the and or the Protecting The anywhere the and its should to heat or sunlight, or of with other please of the to and other factors which to internal the warranty included with additional the of the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the To or smears, If necessary, cloth with and the the with
Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and the cloth as as then the thinner, or other These the cleaners directly the Cleaning and the Clean the and when builds or when the following The overheating. nothing the and or the clogs which overheating and the Press the the or the the to the off. hear the and other office to clean the as shown. If the or to You purchase V13H134A26) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
If to or the the the and off the cover. the and the the cover. Caring
the The of the about hours the to Normal, and about hours to ECO. You the as If the shown to the Turn off this when to the of the Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes The the appears the when If to the the the to You purchase V13H010L56) from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the instructions the Follow these to the Press the the or the the to the off. hear the If the cool least Warning: the cool If the the shards to injury. warning light
the cover screw the screwdriver that with the (The screw the Then the cover and to the screws the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and the straight The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Caring
Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the assembly. To the cover, then the screw. (The the cover the to the as the section. the the and the the or the the to the Press the the You the Press to highlight Info then the or the to
Press You the following the and or to the The displays hours) the least hours. Follow these when the the of the within the recommended the to F to C) without ejected. the cover and the the from the the its You the its or (as the following section). Caring
Transporting incurred and If to follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the of and that the If the from internally or the To that might caused approximately hour the If off the then hour or hand-carrying the ejected, the cover closed, and the retracted. the its as shown:
This section to the lights, and technical What To the Lights The lights top of the its and know when If lights off, the connected correctly. The light The Press the the or the the to The light flashing The the to appear. This The light flashing The cooling the light flashing the The light The operating correctly. If the the to to operation, or the cover
The warning light flashing and the light flashing red. High-speed cooling process. If the too automatically. the least inches from the Clean or the If the High The warning light flashing The to replaced. The light and the light red. The too and turned off the the least inches from the Clean or the necessary If using the High the the light the to turn the back If the then the and The light and the warning light flashing red. The incorrectly the cover or the Turn off the (or hour the and the If the or the lights to the back the and The light and the warning light flashing red. The with its or then the and The light and both warning lights flashing red. The internal Press Then the and If the lights to flash, the and The light and both lights red. The or the and
Operation The the securely attached both If the off the the cord, and the the or the the If the light flashing the the to appear, which If the light flashing the cooling the light to the Child The off of The off when the than Press the the or the the to the instructions the appears the the turned (the light and flashing). If the light flashing the to the cover If DVD, its the light. If flashing to the The off the than If using the
The DVD the than while CDs or This or scratches. there or scratches the DVD. The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. within of the and within of its front or back or right, and or below). You to the theyre with the and as shown the of the If might with the third-party and Sound The or of the the instructions. There the Clean the as the If the from hour using If the and hour or the the from the than and farther than the Sharpness If the that You to the to reduce the amount of correction the to the If the
The too light or too Press the the to the the Brightness and If the than to, to the The the right. Press the the to the the or If the The the top or the to or the causing to become the or buttons the or the 52)to the The the or right The to the the There sound, or the sound enough. the the or the Press the the to the sound hasnt off temporarily. If using with or the and white to the If to the the
There with the sound the the and the sound the switch the to the If using to the the If the sound or too the the or the sound heard from the microphone. the microphone connected correctly. Increase the Mic The with microphones. microphone. appear. The DVD might include the to OFF You cant the DVD. The DVD might include with appears the the turned Press the the or the the Press the or the You the the turned connected correctly
Press the the or the the to the Allow seconds the to If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the If the while the or already turned the function that the to Turn the and the off and then back You the supported. Press the the and the The off (too or too Press the the and the aspect Press the the and the the switch the to the The distorted. If interference the the and The right. the and the Press the Press the the to the the or
Where To these technical services: U.S. or to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the If with optional the information included the with the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.44, Light (brightness) White Light (ISO ratio to to to inches to to to ratio Aspect ratio Native DVD Unit Surround, DTS Surround DVD DVD-R/RW, DVD-R DL DVD+R/RW, DVD+R DL, CD-R/RW, DVD-VR (without CPRM), CD, CD, CD, MP3 (CD/DVD), WMA (CD/DVD), JPEG, (CD/DVD), (CD/DVD), WMV (CD/DVD) specifications. ECO) Normal) correction to to Specifications Light
AA or Battery Projection UHE High Efficiency) E-TORL ELPLP56/ V13H010L56 hours Normal) hours ECO) selected, and Turn off this when to the of the Height inches inches inches Rated to VAC Rated to VAC, Normal) to VAC, ECO) to VAC, Normal) to VAC, ECO) to VAC, to VAC, 0.4W Specifications
to F to C) without to F to C) without Humidity to RH, to and United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible Normal aspect aspect aspect TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Normal aspect aspect aspect SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Specifications
Normal aspect aspect aspect HDTV HDTV HDMI Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA60 SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SVGA60 XGA60 HDTV WXGA60 SXGA2_60 SXGA3_60 HDTV HDTV HDTV Specifications
Normal aspect aspect aspect VGA SVGA56/60/72/75/85, XGA60/70/75/85, SXGA1_70/75 WXGA60/75/85 WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA2_60 SXGA3_60/75/85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 that include VGA Specifications MP3, WMA, and JPG that to the following specifications: ISO9660 or that recorded the write [UDF] read.) characters only, with or 4GB count to when MP3/JPEG to Without Track count to when MP3/JPEG to Without MP3: to WMA: to to Specifications
MP3: WMA: of JPG: to recorded and WAV supported. The JPEG created and conforming to the DCF Motion JPEG such as supported. These specifications to without Specifications
Scottish Georgian Amharic Sotho; Southern Marathi South Marshallese North South (International) Interlingue Irish Northern North Island) Church Corsican Wolof English Luxembourgish; Shona Specifications