and Thursday, PM EPSON and
and Thursday, PM WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. service EPSON and and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their owners. EPSON and rights those CPD-11582 Copyright America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice
and Thursday, PM EPSON and offering ANSI of brightness. From to and bright and ordinary of or The 1.3-inch LCD high ratio incredibly and clear reduces while reduced light and whisper-quiet to theater-quality With the displays from VGA through UXGA (or SXGA the The the Interface (DVI) You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple Macintosh, (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. You of the following VCR, DVD or The and and the (HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM).
and Thursday, PM You of four the the from EPSON You to or and to three and easily switch them. You include sound to of the of or of these options: Connecting to or other If to to PC or To to workstation, that Interface (DVI) or than A. Connecting to You DVD player, VCR, player, or other to You to three the (with or without and easily switch them. instructions. the The switch from or to another, with to and other features. the Remote the as wireless This through slideshow-style (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, to the built-in or other If permanently the to or to the
and Thursday, PM from If to to the from the ceiling-mounted), the EMP the Software CD-ROM. To the to and and fast, the This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about Reading This CD-ROM includes of this You to with when the To to the CD-ROM CD-ROM the and or the this first previous The EMP optional; to to the If from the CD-ROM.
and Thursday, PM If the hand to while holding the to to related topic. You to software to You to the topic of choice clicking the of the of the You the arrow the or the the right of the to through the information, More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. the instructions to and connected to or Includes warranty brochures, CD-ROMs, and EPSON this the and the with from the the or the Download and to EPSON CD-ROMs includes CD-ROMs. The CD-ROM and includes of this as as to On the Software CD-ROM, the optional EMP and its
and Thursday, PM If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. the warranty included customers who their EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or overnight the To the CD-ROM that with and products, and services. You through the or or the to or
and Thursday, PM RCA RCA USB PS/2 Welcome the the the shown below: A/V R/C ON OFF to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying (such as the optional from EPSON). information about EPSON CD-ROM to Software CD-ROM (optional) PS/2 MOUSE
and Thursday, PM Additional to the To (One with To from VCR or other BNC VGA-to-3BNC You purchase this from EPSON; To to the the VGA the included with the To the through the sound RCA-to-3.5 or to these and the shown from EPSON; to VGA to the as wireless If USB If PC USB or PS/2 PC to the If to the EMP software to the which purchase from To of the Interface, DVI and of DVI You purchase this from EPSON;
and Thursday, PM Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product and ELPLP12 throw ELPAL01 ELPAW01 carrying Samsonite wheeled ATA ATA mount ELPMB34 mount ELPMBAST security ELPSL01 Projection 50-inch 60-inch Theatre screen 80-inch Theatre Wireless microphone and ELPCUS1 ELPPAS1 Remote to ELPST02 of Remote (includes and clip-on directly to (includes ELPAP01 and (VGA to 3BNC) ELPKC19 DVI to DVI, ELPKC20 DVI to DFP, ELPKC21 You purchase these from EPSON or www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS35 ELPKS38 ELPKS39 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPST04
and Thursday, PM the his chapter to the or If to the or to or workstation A. instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to the
and Thursday, PM Dont or the the or Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the Positioning the connecting the to where to The location choose the of the and what the approximately to from the there of around and the the within of grounded outlet or cord, and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. to the front of the leaving as as the and the to This the the front of the the and enough to the to to the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other The shown based using the to to to from
and Thursday, PM If the below the of the to the as shown. the the to its the the as the chapter. If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the height the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON; Optional Accessories
and Thursday, PM To to and other A. If with RCA follow the instructions connecting to the location of the to the Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and Connecting the and the turned off. of the to the the switch to the (to the as shown). If necessary, the of to the other of the to or If using and cant the to the as shown from EPSON; switch to
and Thursday, PM Tighten the screws the If to other and it instructions. Connecting the Remote the as wireless and through slideshow-style such as from to This flexibility to the whether round PS/2 or USB the round of the to the as shown. the other of the to the or USB If necessary, to with If to other and instructions. the If that round If PC with to the
and Thursday, PM the Amplifying its sound however, If or sound the to of the built-in and of the to the (Computer1) the the other of the to headphone or locations of which to If to other and instructions.
and Thursday, PM Connecting to Sources You DVD player, VCR, or other to The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the PAL to PAL60 the as The and You or of these the these the input of the The type of whether or the RCA included with the the with or from VGA-to-3BNC You purchase this from EPSON; the following which type of BNC RCA Follow the instructions below type of the The TV
and Thursday, PM the Connecting RCA the and DVD or other turned off. the of the RCA to the RCA the other of the to the To include sound the RCA as
and Thursday, PM Connecting If to higher which included with or purchased separately. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the other the of To include sound the RCA as the
and Thursday, PM the Connecting (BNC) If (BNC) them to higher VGA-to-3BNC which from EPSON; the and DVD or other turned off. the VGA of the to the the red, and leads the of the to the If the properly, to the BNC option the To include sound the RCA as BNC
and Thursday, PM Connecting the To include sound to the RCA that with If connected than include sound of the (You include sound the RCA to the and right the the white the and the the RCA the the other of the to the the
and Thursday, PM the
and Thursday, PM the connected the to or other (as or A), ready to the the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the the
and Thursday, PM the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter or A. Then as below, connected to You and than or connected, to switch to the as Turning On the Follow these to and the of the to the the other to grounded The light the indicating that the receiving turned the
and Thursday, PM Press the top of the light The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light and with the displayed. This of the following: Turn or should projected. only: If New that found If the If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and to the from overheating. warning the when the This and the
and Thursday, PM the What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly, as or other the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting If connected than and/or to the or top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the button.) If You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other.
and Thursday, PM If the option isnt to of the Click the as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If using PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to pressing computers might to the the to that both the LCD and or the
and Thursday, PM the the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If only of displayed, to the information. If the or Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions.
and Thursday, PM the of If the too the the the foot release and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the attached to the If the the section. the Shape If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or of the to the of the correction, slightly You correction the the the this the
and Thursday, PM A/V Tracking Tracking the the to to the If only of displayed, with the Press the the The the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and If (using the the the to the the Tracking and Synchronization If from and that of (such as the text of or or or of the characters heavy or You increase the clarity the the (or the the This the and If further the manually the Tracking and buttons as incorrect incorrect
and Thursday, PM the While to switch the or temporarily off the and sound. Follow the instructions below to theses from You these features, others, the as Chapter Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the buttons the (or to switch the On the the to switch the and the to switch and (BNC). the the appears. the If includes sound, the from the the while pressing the or of the Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to and off the sound. This useful to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V button. The To the and sound back the A/V You such as the whenever the A/V instructions. the
and Thursday, PM the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the To the or the when the light or flashing the the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If connected or and only through the (the or turned off), the first; otherwise to to properly. To turn off the the the or You (If to off, other light Press the The light flashes about as the the cooled, the light and the off. If to turn the the light flashing. Then the the and the cord. If VCR or other off off the Disconnect and the protective
and Thursday, PM the Remote from anywhere the to You to the and off, the and sound, and highlight using as If connected the (as Chapter or A), the as wireless to or through slideshow-style This chapter covers the following information: the Turning the the and sound Highlighting the as wireless the Remote
and Thursday, PM the following Dont and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. using the A/V R/C ON OFF on/off switch light the the Follow these to the batteries: Press the to release the cover. the cover and the AA included with the as shown. the cover. the to as below. Turning On the the Then the on/off switch the of the to If to the the round light button. The other buttons the should light temporarily. If they to the as Turn off the or with the carrying this the from something of the buttons.
and Thursday, PM the following when the within about of the You the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the to the to the Press the of the with thumbor and and the to To buttons, the cover below the the A/V R/C ON OFF
and Thursday, PM or the the and Sound You the to the temporarily off the and sound, the action, the or and connected or as Chapter or A. Switching Sources If to than and/or the the (or the to switch the Press the to switch and Press the Comp1 to first Press the Comp2/YCbCr to or the the appears. the If connected to the the sound thats through the To increase the the right of the To reduce the the of the
and Thursday, PM Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to and off the sound. This to temporarily without the distraction of bright To off the and sound, the A/V button. The To the back the Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the the Press the right of the to to four its You the repeatedly to or and the to to the the to around the necessary. Press the of the to You the repeatedly, or and to the You the to to the the You such as the whenever the A/V instructions. action off or
and Thursday, PM the Remote You and the as connected VCR or other RCA or as Chapter (You cant the If to the option as Press the the The and then appears the appears the of the to and the the to the the You the to or reduce the the located and the the The and the finished the the The disappears.
and Thursday, PM Highlighting You highlight the using the buttons the You these effects to or to highlighting or Spotlight You the highlighting through the Effect instructions. the You choose from three of and them anywhere To the tool, the appears the of the To try Press to the third the to the wherever To the the the of the You then to with another it around the or wherever To the the To the spotlight the A/V R/C ON OFF You the Effect to
and Thursday, PM You the to the and of the the Highlights You boxes the screen to highlight of or To the the appears the of the This the the to the where to the Press the of the You the this of the the to the to where the of the to Press the of the You the outlined the You the repeating through To the To the Spotlighting With the Spotlight highlight of the To the spotlight the spotlight appears the You to switch three spotlight the to the spotlight where To the spotlight, You the of the spotlight the Effect
and Thursday, PM and Highlights With the or the to or highlight You choose from three of To the the appears the If If to another the button to the and the (or and right using the To the the Remote You the and of the the Effect
and Thursday, PM to left-click (and to the A/V R/C ON OFF to right-click, the Remote the as Wireless the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to connected the the and as or other that when the If to however, to the built-in To the the the the and the of the with thumbor it and and it the to This the To (or left-click), the of the This when To right-click, the button. To the To and the and then the to
and Thursday, PM the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. You the highlighting and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound the highlighting Creating and other information Restoring the the
and Thursday, PM the the The and the features from the or The the and of the It the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and Contrast. The the and bass The Effect the and the highlighting the The allows to or features such as the (P P) A/V option, and The and or which then as or with the A/V option. The Advanced specify including and or The About information about and or The the factory the
and Thursday, PM You the buttons the or to the and Follow these To the the the or the Tracking Tracking You the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. options Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal :Select Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Select Select the
and Thursday, PM A/V R/C ON OFF If to back to the and then the Press the or arrows the or or the the to through the Tracking the highlighted, the or the to The highlight to the first option that the arrow buttons or the to through the of options. (If or isnt connected, options the arrow buttons or the to the the selected option. indicated light, while Press the to to the automatically. Press (or the to the arrow
and Thursday, PM the The to the The options the which connected to the DVI or or Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal :Select DVI Brightness Sharpness Advanced About Normal :Select or Select Select Brightness Sharpness Advanced About Normal :Select Brightness Sharpness Advanced About Normal :Select the Select
and Thursday, PM If repositioned the or the the the to the the Repositioning the Follow these to the to Press the button. You the Press to the Press to the option. You the following the right of the the arrow or the to the right, or the the to the Appearance Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the arrow buttons or the to of the following options: Brightness or the the light and areas. Tracking only) from matching the clock to the only) Corrects the with the from the or only) the or of the
and Thursday, PM only) the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the Choose with bright (such as charts or or to only) this to allow the to the automatically. If the to with the and choose of the this PAL PAL60 the correctly, and Recalling from and and to combinations. This useful than with the the each and them when necessary. Follow these to the Press the to the Press to the the arrow or to to the option and You the Preset Selection with the displayed. the
and Thursday, PM the the arrow or to the to which to assign the Press the and Press to the to the Preset the You the the top right of the To another the Preset the displayed. The to the selected the Sound You the to the sound or Press the You the Press the arrow or the to highlight You the following: Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the
and Thursday, PM the arrow buttons or the to the following options: finished the sound, or the Highlighting The highlighting and other of to as to You the Effect to these and the highlighting. The option the highlighting to their Press the You the the arrow button or the to highlight You the Effect Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor the
and Thursday, PM the the arrow buttons or the to Cursor/Stamp the and three the and length. the and choose from or outline with rounded or corners. Spotlight choose or spotlight. three each the and and choose and finished the highlighting selections
and Thursday, PM Creating You from or to the and then as You as the displayed when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to It from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the or You the Press the arrow or the to highlight the then Effect Advanced About the shown right, and selection displays the the arrow buttons the or the the to the of the to Then the this and the the as :Select
and Thursday, PM the :Select You as the the Advanced the You the shown the the arrow buttons the or the the to and then the the appears, and the or DVD player, while the the the completed, to to the Choosing to the as the and/or the thats displayed when the A/V Press the to the already displayed). Press the arrow or the to highlight the Press the to the Press the arrow or the to highlight or A/V when the to Press the right arrow or the to This as the to displayed. finished, to the
and Thursday, PM You the to the the and other features. Press the button. the arrow or the to highlight You the options and their the right Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the the arrow or the to the following Corrects the of thats the Selects the the or Selects or to when the The displays that to the Prompt off the text that appears when switch (Its to this Prompt A/V BNC OFF Black ON OFF Black RGB ON OFF the
and Thursday, PM the A/V Selects the or to when the A/V The displays that to the BNC the input to the If the RGB. If the or the off the input Turn off the to the finished, Advanced You the Advanced to the or mounting, and other features. Press the the arrow or the to highlight Advanced You the features and their the right Advanced About :Select Press to the Advanced Select [English] ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF Select
and Thursday, PM the arrow buttons or the to the following Select from to the Screen Turn to or whenever the information.) the of the Select to and K. Select RGB to red, and as shown. Rear Turn to from Turn when the mounted from the finished, and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the You the the arrow or the to About the
and Thursday, PM If the About when the to only the and the The the least hours. the You the hours and the right: Effect Advanced About :Select The of the about hours. If the shown to finished, Restoring the The option the to their Effect Advanced About Select and the the or to the Select to the or to ON Source Negative On Polarity Refresh Rate
and Thursday, PM warning of the off and the cord. the the and covers. the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the and from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or service This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the Transporting the and Transporting the
and Thursday, PM and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the then the
and Thursday, PM Cleaning and the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Turn the its that the top and the easily. To the EPSON recommends and other office If the (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON the United States and to the the its as shown to from Then release the to the and Transporting the included. You should the when the
and Thursday, PM You to hours the used. and Transporting the To the first its as shown, then the clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The light flashing or The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and the as as or EPSON the United States and ELPLP12
and Thursday, PM Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour screwdriver to the screw the cover. (You cant the screw from the cover.) the screw off the cover. screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown, and the straight and the the cool If the the to injury.
and Thursday, PM the of the assembly. Touching the and Transporting the the as shown. the seated, then its screws. the cover and its screw securely. (The the cover the as the following section. the to the the track of used. Follow these the and the the and least seconds. You the and then the following :Select ON the ON
and Thursday, PM the arrow or the to Press to the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the business first hard-shell carrying (such as optional EPSON then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the carrying such as of the optional offered EPSON. If to the the carrying to off using the switch its This the from something the of the buttons. and Transporting the EPSON incurred
and Thursday, PM and Transporting the
and Thursday, PM as specifically this to service this yourself. his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
and Thursday, PM Dont the than seconds, or the the the On-Screen If or isnt the top of the or the cover the The following choices the what to the sound what to when isnt selection the information and of Follow these to Press the You the the or arrow buttons the (or the or the to highlight of the Then the or to Press the or to the (Press to back Press the arrow the (or the the to To the the If of the to the following
and Thursday, PM What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and try the recommended below. Light the securely connected both the outlet and the The operating normally. flashing The the to appear. The You to off or the to flashing The cooling Dont the the light flashing and If to the back the light flashing and the flashing off of internal the and EPSON flashing The This to instructions. flashing The as If the its cover securely. A/V
and Thursday, PM Light flashing The too Turn off and cool. the surrounding the and there of around and the You should the necessary, clean or as The overheated and turned off. cool then back there of around and the If necessary, or the as If the to overheat, the caused to the cooling or internal EPSON flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the cover off. The If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the Brightness the correct. information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The or screen the
and Thursday, PM You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter or A. restarting If than and/or to the or the or the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the to the Allow seconds the to the the switch the interface to or DVI If PC the and the function that Its often with or CRT/LCD such as or On the the LCD and the or to both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or If using From the Apple then and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If the option isnt the Select of the (It the to
and Thursday, PM The Not Supported displayed. If or the BNC option the correct. UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the or the the information. If connected the BNC option the to RGB correct. Ideally, should the or the to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and the to On the Apple choose then and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
and Thursday, PM The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the the the the top. the or of the top of the the The or If connected or using the BNC option the correct. If than the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the the the Sharpness the If from to the Tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory
and Thursday, PM The tracking and match the internal clock to the If the with computers, the each and them whenever using the Preset option. You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of (such as the of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This or the the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the buttons the (or the as the with containing when these and then to appear as background. If this option isnt white background (such as Press the Tracking and Tracking to (If while the buttons, the as then the tracking Press the and buttons to increase the sharpness of the Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking
and Thursday, PM The of the right. The incorrect. If the option the to the of red, and If the and the the option the Advanced to the There sound. turning the the and the right of the or the right of the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. the securely to both the and headphone or or other the the or to You to this right-clicking the sound the A/V The selected. Press the or the the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the the Allow seconds the to the of the used, exactly match the or
and Thursday, PM A/V on/off switch R/C ON OFF with the Remote The to commands. the turned within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to or right and or below). The correctly or To the the light The other buttons the should light temporarily. If they to the as the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant the with the the securely connected to both or USB and the or other
and Thursday, PM To EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as the following and telephone services Service Access World From the reach Technical selecting and and technical through Automated Telephone of services hours Services To these services, tone telephone and and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
and Thursday, PM please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or Product (located the of the DVD and connected of the You purchase carrying and other from EPSON please To purchase or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). To of to
and Thursday, PM Connecting to Additional his to the to PC or Macintosh, high-end workstation, than or DVI It the installation. The following information covered: the Connecting to PC Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to high-end workstation Connecting to DVI Connecting to Additional
and Thursday, PM front mounting Positioning the information. Connecting to Additional the The three front mounting, or as shown: To from overhead, to the Advanced To from the rear, Rear Advanced Features If ceiling-mounting the and to to the This the to its You then the the function the Features or using the the If the with the top of the the and to If the than the top of the to the to the whole with the the from If to to the from the EMP the Software CD-ROM. to the to the
and Thursday, PM To EMP V, the Software CD-ROM CD-ROM and follow the instructions the The the EMP You this the EMP instructions the Connecting to The internal enough and sound the to or (PA) This the internal If connected and to the the switch the with the whenever choose Switching Sources or To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 which included with sound or purchased from the and or PA turned off. the to the the RCA the of the to the and right of or PA Connecting to Additional
and Thursday, PM Connecting to Additional Connecting to PC You the to PC. This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to the as Connecting the with Follow the each section the to the and turned off. If with positioning the Connecting the the from the the back of the and (You to the while the connected.) of the to the Computer as shown. the other of the to the the screws the
and Thursday, PM Connecting the To the as follow the below. whether round PS/2 or USB the round of the to the as shown. PS/2 or USB from the the back of and with the other of the while the as Connecting to Additional If PC with to the
and Thursday, PM Connecting to Additional Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in to the of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound
and Thursday, PM Connecting to You the to Macintosh. This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to as Connecting the with Follow the each section the to the and turned off. If with positioning the Connecting the the from the the back of the and (You to the while the connected.) of the to the as shown. the other of the to the the Macintosh. If to which from EPSON Connecting to Additional the location of the to which purchase from EPSON;
and Thursday, PM Connecting to Additional Tighten the screws the Connecting the To the as follow the below. If the USB the USB included with the If round the the round of the USB (or to the USB To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the and the to the free of the Then the (with the the
and Thursday, PM the other of the to the or USB Macintosh. Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in to the of the to the the the other of the to the or the Macintosh. Connecting to Additional
and Thursday, PM Connecting to Additional Connecting to To to the to the VGA the that with You purchase this from or Follow these of the to the the other to the as shown. To properly, the BNC option the to RGB instructions. If to hear the through the RCA-to-3.5 purchase from or the Then the the other of the to the the white to the and the to the (RS-232C)
and Thursday, PM Connecting to High-End Workstation There across-the-board workstation of input to Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or If connecting workstation. Connecting to Additional
and Thursday, PM Connecting to Additional Connecting to DVI Source The Interface (DVI) directly from This the of greater clarity than VGA To follow these the DVI to the DVI switch to right Remote (RS-232C) the of or screwdriver, the interface switch to the right to (If to the VGA to the switch back to the If to this the to (to the as wireless the DVI
and Thursday, PM Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Notices
and Thursday, PM Notices the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or exposed to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country.
and Thursday, PM Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. strong light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based directly from the containing of the Notices
and Thursday, PM Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: LCD
and Thursday, PM FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
and Thursday, PM Notices
and Thursday, PM C Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches Aspect reproduction Brightness (ANSI) ratio to inches F=1.7 to to ratio correction to to Projection rear, mount) Technical Specifications
and Thursday, PM Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) About hours ELPLP12 AA Supports PS/2, USB, and ADB Remote IR Supports EPSON Remote IR 10-foot (typically Height inches inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC,
and Thursday, PM to F to C) to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 DOC ICES003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC, 92/31/EEC EN Compatible The NTSC, HDTV, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following formats. resized to the (XGA the SVGA the The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGACGA VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 to F to C) to RH, Technical Specifications
and Thursday, PM Technical Specifications Refresh Rate NEC400 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA48i UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85
and Thursday, PM Refresh Rate MACLC13 MAC II MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 HDTV480P (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480P (ATSC) HDTV480I (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480I (ATSC) HDTV720P (SMPTE) HDTV1080P (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480I (ANSI/SMPTE) NTSC (SVGA) NTSC (XGA) PAL (SVGA) PAL (XGA) SECAM (SVGA) SECAM (XGA) Technical Specifications
and Thursday, PM (RCA) and Technical Specifications Interface Connectors VGA DVI VGA DVI switch (RS-232C) optional EMP software
and Thursday, PM Assignments The (VGA) and the RGB, their assignments: (ID GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND (ID SDA Technical Specifications
and Thursday, PM Technical Specifications and the below to to the from the the of the rotating the of each that the the or correction, inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to to Throw (ELPAL01) inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to to
and Thursday, PM (ELPAW01) inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to to inches to to Technical Specifications
and Thursday, PM Technical Specifications