WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-21897 Information Copyright Notice
to that easy and trouble-free, whether the classroom or than and one-half The correction function allows to the offers quality, with to of brightness, of and connected to the or four You include sound each the to charge of the action, of the or You the as or to the With the PC to remotely and the To unauthorized of assign which displayed to the and the buttons through the information about security features,
the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to the to or to the Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, player, and other to instructions. the The switch from to of or the and other features. Chapter Including sound If includes sound, optional to the to the built-in
includes warranty brochures, and The instructions and to This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about hints. More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. built-in Press the the or to Download and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN information.
and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. and the warranty included with customers who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight the Service To the that with and to products, and service.
Unpacking the the the shown below: to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying or something such as information, and instructions. Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other One with or purchase from
Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L37 High V13H134A11 V13H134A12 mount plate Security bracket/cabling security ELPSL01 Projection 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 83.6-inch pull-down aspect Distribution ELPDA01 ELPDC05 high V12H162020 You purchase these from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPMBUNI ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPMBACC ELPMBSEC ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPSV01 ELPKC19
the his chapter information the where to and to to (such as VCR or DVD or to or Follow the instructions this chapter Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to Connecting sound through the
You mount the the or the Positioning the If the and isnt already the classroom or to front of the as shown This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within feet of grounded outlet or cord.
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The should about the of the of the If the below to its This the to become shaped, the the or buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as classroom or the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from Optional Accessories You anti-theft and to the the of the
RCA the Connecting to You to four to the the to its If yellow Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source the to to sound through the
Connecting Source included with the to the output and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other Chapter or the instructions turning the and the the
the Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter or the instructions turning the and the
Connecting Source purchase from the RCA of the to and the VGA to the Computer1 the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the the and Computer1 to the
the Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to player that RGB the type of to the If below. If three R/G/B, Connecting BNC-to-VGA Connecting the VGA with the the the and the Computer1 the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and Computer1 to
Connecting BNC-to-VGA BNC-to-VGA included with the BNC of the to and the VGA to the Computer1 the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and Computer1 to the
If based to the New found plug-and-play If to to the connected to the Computer1 the Connecting to You the to that output including PC and and You to the to to the VGA connecting to the to: to the as as on-screen to
Connecting to the Follow these instructions: the VGA with the to the and the other to Optionally, sound through the finished instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and Computer1 to the Dont to force to with or of You the or
If to to the connected to the Computer1 the Connecting If to the as as the You to or switch the A/V to off the To to the as shown: Follow these to the The displays the from the currently selected You the while the
Sound Through the You sound through the or (Attaching to the instead of directly to the the to the sound.) Connecting to the To sound through the follow these or Which connected: If connected to the Computer1 Computer2 or If connected to the the to the to the connected with Computer2 input with Computer1 input with input with input the other of the to the or the
the Connecting To to the follow these the to to with and the other to purchase or to to the of the to the the the other of the to You to to the The internal while sound to the
Projecting the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions using the Follow the this chapter Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the the the
To the the correctly and from overheating. Projecting Turning On and other as Chapter Then follow the instructions below to the and If connected or the this the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Turning On the Follow these to the of the the and the other grounded the light flashing and
Press the top of the the the (If this first the the The light flashes as the and to appear. the light flashing and about seconds) the ready If connected Windows-based to the New found If the Direct On to the to the the the light flashing and the ready to the when the This and
To and the If to appear, Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as or DVD player). If the using the Source Search the or the Source the The Source as follows: the Source Search to switch to the Computer1 Computer2 and The four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each that the Computer1 and Computer2 to input RGB or RGB connected to of these to the selected to match the You the input using the
What To If You If or with the the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the off. If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or of the Source buttons to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or with such as You to the while pressing Allow seconds the to the If the function to both should to both the LCD screen and the
From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA selected. Click the the selected. Select the VGA
If OS to OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Click Select Projecting
the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter Focusing and the then the following: the the to the the the to reduce or the the the to increase the and the to If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions.
the Height of If the too the the front to the front of the and the front to the of the If necessary, the height turning the front without the front of the the the to or the as the section. Turn to height
the Shape or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the If the slightly (within of or the the or the Correction to Corrected If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely.
Correction To when the following: Press the or buttons the with the of the the the the and From the and the the to the as The slightly shorter
You this to The with turned to the automatically; You the the Projecting Correcting If connected to and the right, the the (or the the This the and If appear the and the the the Tracking instructions. If the appears or and the the the instructions. the You the the or to increase or the the built-in or connected to the Press the to increase the or the to
the finished using the follow the recommended to it This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off and the To off the the the light steady the With theres cool-down and immediately turning off the the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If using the the cord. To off Turn off this when to the of the To the or the when the light or flashing Projecting
information and to the professional to the Remote features from anywhere the to the and off, and switch off and sound, the of and the (The This chapter covers: the the and sound Highlighting
If than seconds, the operating to release the The buttons that its Arrow buttons the Remote the using the as Then, to the below: the the front or back of the or the within about of the using the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the Navigation The buttons that the and they the to highlight the to features, the following to the to the to highlight
the The AAA Follow these when to them: Press the to the cover. the then the as shown. the cover. (It should the batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the using the of
You the to the and sound as Source buttons the Remote the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If to than and/or switch the On the there Source Search Press the to switch connected to the Computer1 Computer2 and On the there four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each the the appears. Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and (If connected to the This to temporarily redirect without the of bright To off the the A/V button. The To the back the You such as the whenever the A/V
Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the buttons the Press the the You cross-hair indicating the of the the to the cross-hair. the to the selected to While the the to about. Press the to the SC to to the the This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the
the Remote Highlighting You to something the or There three choose from. the To the the the appears the If to instructions the the the to the the the the the
the Follow the below to the Press the the highlight the and You this Highlight Shape and Select the would to then to finished selecting the to the the Remote
the Remote
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the and clarity the input Selecting options Selecting and other information the security
You the the to the Arrow buttons the the You the (or the to the and Follow these To the the You to the shown below (the from those shown the selected input The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the then the the to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the then the the Inputs, ID, or To the Inputs, the option the To
the Colors and Clarity The to the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The options which selected. Press the the then Press the to the You the (The the selected input The below or the to highlight items, then the to from of the following Corrects the of You from the following and high bright Sports: TV bright Presentation: bright Theatre: with bright displays. Blackboard:
Brightness or the the light and areas. the or intensity of the the of the RGB Sharpness the sharpness of the the and intensity of red, and the correctly, or the The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness of the Brightness the then choose High or (the High Selecting the the of the
the the Press the the highlight then the to the You of the following RGB) and RGB and
the to highlight items, then the to from of the following this On to the when switch to Turn to to the below. Tracking from the internal clock to information about the tracking Corrects or the with the tracking from the information about the the to the the right, or Computer1 Selects the from connected to the Computer1 If this from to RGB or RGB or to Computer2 Selects the from connected to the Computer2 If this from to RGB or RGB or to and this using PAL PAL60 the You the to the and
To the Operation function from the the about seconds. the the aspect ratio (ratio of to to and to finished, or The the the from and to the of the Press the the highlight then the to the the to highlight items, then the to from of the following from to when the or of the buttons, including the of the buttons the to this the turn off the the light to turning
from three The Protect function first. Brightness Allows to brightness when the too bright the The reduces electricity and Select High to the brightness. the Brightness the the the RCA the as the input the or Select to the RCA the Select to the RCA the Remote Select to the receivers the to interference from lighting or other receivers using the following Front/Rear or Rear Allows to the without While the displayed, and finished, or the
The option turned off the Protect turned the Selecting the to the the You the rear and/or the the and the screen background and or the and the Press the the highlight then the to the the to highlight items, then the to from of the following options: On and Background: the background to Black or when the isnt or of the when the turned A/V the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. Caption: from the following closed CC1 CC2 CC3 CC4 TEXT1 TEXT2 TEXT3 or TEXT4
Turn this On to the or whenever the turned information. front of the front of the mounted from the Rear: the Rear/Ceiling: the mounted from the Direct On: this as as the cord. You to the this the off when the input than This electricity, cools the and the of the To the High Turn this On when the of Select Network On to the and functions while the the or off. If the this turned On the amount of the the the Direct On the to the off, the light then the
the ID: IDs when Correction This allows to of the To and the the while the that to the ID. Correction Select each to and the Brightness Correct and Correct the match of the Brightness Correct: the brightness each Correct: the each the to the finished, or
Selecting Network the Network to the and it Press the the highlight Network then the to the the to highlight items, then the to from of the following Wired LAN DHCP: DHCP On or IP Address: assign IP to the to the Gateway Address: assign to the MAC Address: the MAC to when the with software. to when the using the
the SNMP Trap IP SNMP Trap IP SNMP to the the IP Trap IP Community assign community SNMP. You to and Notification: Turn this to the when SMTP SMTP information to the SMTP to the where when the third assign to the to the finished, the or
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and and the of hours the and used. Press the the highlight Info then the to the You of the following RGB, RGB and and the of hours the used. The of the from about hours High to about brightness If the shown to or the information displayed red, the The the least hours.
The the least hours. Configuring the type of and the of hours used. Source the input currently used. RGB and the input currently used. RGB and the input currently used. Refresh Rate RGB and the refresh Info RGB and information that service technician. and the currently used. the Security To unauthorized of the the following: that displayed and/or when the A/V Assign thats to every the turned this of to the to the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the
If the appears the whenever the turned If the incorrectly three the and to the cord, then to redisplay the If incorrect the locked and to to Where To If using the awhile to the temporarily the of that the reactivated and the used. the of the buttons the Creating You to the and then as the and/or the that when the A/V button. The photograph, or other to The this the If the the displayed as the and/or A/V Unauthorized off or This to theft and to the should Follow the below to the and it to the the to the You from or such as VCR. Press the the highlight then the the If should to the and the to the the to proceed.
If the Protect function that the recorded. to the Protect function or the the the to highlight then the the Choose this as the and selection displays the the the to the of the to Once selected the the Select this choose and If to the selected, and through
this and the this as the and the the or other while the the Completed Follow the below to when there when the turned and when the A/V pressed: Press the the the and To when the Background and Select and Press the the to to the To when the turned and Select On then the Press the the to to the the Once the to its factory If the Protect the Background You to the function off first.
If already prompted when the Protect To the Starting the with the To when the A/V pressed, A/V and Select and finished, the the to the Follow the below to the Press and the the the Protect and the the and Press and the the while the to The displayed as the appears. the finished the the to to the Protect of the and
Protecting Screen the Protect to On, of the features the as Then follow the below to the Protection Press and the the Protect To from or Protect and On and Press to the Protect If the to the the the If prompted Press and the the while the to the If the incorrectly three the and to turn off and the cord, then If incorrect the and to to Where To
If prompted and the the while the to the If the incorrectly three the and to off and the cord, then If incorrect the and to to Where To The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to If the to the turned the to 0H the Turning Protection If the On Protect appears the whenever the turned If the to to that the they the of that the reactivated and the used. that the as Then follow the below: Press and the the Protect Select On Protect and Then On and Press to to the Protect If to the temporarily, and Then On and Press Press to to the Protect Select and the the while the to the of hours to the then the the passed, and the correctly, the to and the countdown to or this when to. If the to the the
the
to allow to HP with or If SNMP, to without This only. the from software and from EMP to switch and basic the function to about SNMP, such as HP to facilitys from To the software to first as Then and each to This chapter covers the following information: the software Connecting the to the and EMP the to the
The software If to the software, the the the from Remote the Software The software CD-ROM includes the software to EMP the software, these Microsoft SE, XP, or NT (service or MMX II or recommended) At least 128MB of RAM (256MB or recommended) At least 20MB of free SVGA or and the Software Follow these to the software: the software CD-ROM CD-ROM The automatically. Follow the instructions to the software. Once installed, EMP from
Connecting and the the software to to each to to and with IP the to commercially or the to the LAN the as shown: Turn the Press the the Wired LAN from the Network then the from Remote
If the SNMP option to IP This the If HP to allow to HP with or the from Remote If network assigns automatically, the DHCP If assign automatically, off DHCP and the IP Gateway and MAC as To numbers, the the to highlight the to input, then the finished the highlight then the button. to the EMP EMP using This easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software as The to the should already connected to and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP from the or right-click the shown then Click to EMP
to Follow these to search To manually with EMP to the on-screen EMP as You this Select New search) You this the from Remote
If the found, connected or correctly the the from Click Search to currently operating the found the as shown below: the to clicking its then the You this
group, necessary, necessary, and the Then the To with EMP through You with of The EMP the Source, and shown below. This which currently used, from which (or they and information, right-click the and Property the from Remote To from the right-click the and To when turned Network On as the the
To EMP to the on-screen the from Remote The following the of the icons: or the operating normally. Warning or the or Right the and to the group. currently updated. The following the of the or Warning or when the or incorrect Right-click the and to the currently updated. Network the connected to the or disconnected). You this Network selected Network
The following the meaning of the The following the meaning of the The following the of the Chapter recommended to The and its The off and its The and its The off and its The internal The internal The internal (high). The internal high (high-temperature warning). The internal too high (internal The turned off automatically. warning. The nearing the of its life; High-temperature warning. The too to the from
the from The or incorrectly; flow. The to cleaned or replaced; flow There with the flow as cover the cover The reached the of its life; The reached its of or incorrectly; High internal The turned off automatically. as as as Other as
The buttons the the and off and the to of its selected the to (with the clicking of the buttons. the from To when projecting), selected Network On as the the
If EMP to whenever the from Remote the If to the information about the Refresh EMP To often EMP the of follow the below: From the You this the and OK
You to of with the Follow the below: From the function You this Turn the function On the IP and of SMTP (outgoing) the to three to to the boxes. Click the buttons to the which the OK to the function the from
If to the the from Remote the If EMP to each of the the function The of the includes the shown EMP and the warning/error. The of the The EMP The The to the the fixed, EMP indicating the to the If connected to to and that the wired LAN as the should to Network On to the and the IP of the to the If what the of the the and Wired from the Network to the IP of the
You this of the following: If the Network OK If the Network it the then OK You this Functions to buttons the from
the from Remote Select of the options the then of the as These to those found the You the following browser: the the or Hours the the the of the as would the buttons. Choose the action, off the and sound, or the or off.
clean of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the cover clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the cover Cleaning the Cleaning the the the Transporting the
the Cleaning the Clean the cover whenever or the of to To or smears the cloth cleaning Cleaning the the first turn off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning the Clean the when of the following The clogged. Clean or the or or the If cleaned become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the and the cord. the and the while the cover. Then to clean the finished cleaning the the cover and the as If the to or the as below. the the when the or the If replaced, become with This overheating and the To or the United States to please the If the tobacco cleaned. the as below.
If the tobacco cleaned. the the Follow these Turn off and the cord. Turn the the to release them. the the of straight the with the facing the front of the the cover. the as the section. the the and Press the the from the then the confirmation then finished, to the
the The typically from to hours, the Brightness Selecting the brightness the life. It to the when: The or to The the appears the and when the and the warning light flashes To and the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt or authorized V13H010L37. To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the
The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the the screws holding the cant them). the straight Gently the Once the its screws and the cover. (The the cover the as the section.
the the to the the the and turn Press the the from the then the then finished, to the Transporting the The and Follow these to or hand-carrying the should the to to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell and then firm cushioning around the the The shows 0H the least hours. incurred
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices appears the The The The right The too The Follow these to Press the the You the the the or the arrow buttons the to highlight items. highlighting the the or the to To the the
If of the to the following Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light to the following of the lights and their Light The You or the to turn flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing High Warning. Although this the too high there of around and the and that the clean. light
Light flashing flashing flashing flashing flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the that the securely If the when the there with the Stop the the cord, and as flow. If that the clogged, that the and clean. If with There with the or Stop the the and as The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling about then the cord. the back and the the F C) and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as If the to overheat clean the the caused to the cooling or Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. The First the cover securely If thats the the and it as If this the as The cracked or incorrectly. the cracked, (as the If the and the the as The of internal the and as
and Other Information the About to information about the the of and the of hours the and used. Press the Info then You the and hours and input the right: The typically from to hours, the selected Brightness If the shown to that, If to the The information displayed the input currently selected.
with the or Sound The light the connected securely both the outlet and the If the the cover securely appears the that the light and flashing. The If the light the to the the other the or the Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The or the connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter restarting If connected and or to the Source Search the or to the Allow seconds the to the
If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to pressing or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Double-click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the the selected. If OS to From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
The Not displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the refresh the If necessary, as the following section. of the displayed. Press the the the the Chapter information. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and then OS to On the Apple choose then and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the screen from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. The or the selected the If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The There or smears the cover Clean the cover as the using the the You to the from to the within the recommended to
the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the and If further the Tracking and manually using the as Chapter the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the
The of the right. If the option the to the If the and the the the to the There sound. the A/V pressed. the the If using VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. If the securely connected to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the of the used, exactly match the or
You the EMP that the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the to Network On If the using XP, or NT as the restarting with the The to commands. If the the first the as shown The correctly or To the battery, within of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. the receivers turned off;
Where To and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these or charges apply): U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through please the following information ready: Product Product (located the back of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the
Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
A: his the location, such as theater or The four front or as shown: Rear
or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the A: To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling the to the To from the rear, Rear If mounting the the and to to the This the to its You then the the function the or the or buttons the If the that the with the of the the and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the If to to the from Chapter
the Rear Cover and If mounting the the the rear cover to the appearance of the To the cover, the covers the as shown, then with the included screws. to that the A:
A:
B: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch (XGA) reproduction Brightness (high brightness ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio to correction
Turn off this when to the of the selected, and B: Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) to hours (high to hours brightness V13H010L37 Remote AAA Height inches including inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to to with Network to with Network On
to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to to United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN to RH, Pixelworks DNX ICs this B: Technical Specifications
B: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to the (XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60
Refresh Rate MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV The resized B: Technical Specifications
B: Technical Specifications
C C: Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through the of the C
C: Notices as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers America, Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-6100 C: Notices
C: Notices FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers of the or other and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. C: Notices
C: Notices THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write America, Inc., P.O. CA