that the and correctly, the and the to to the or The indications and their meaning as follows. them properly reading the to others and the of to property. Indications Notations Used This Indicates the of or to property this or Indicates the of death or serious this or Warning Information Indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure
and the and and from EMP (EMP- You the EMP software with the to from EMP Operation only) and from location LAN Decreases the amount of that the High to inform the of the the to function when The when the becoming and cleaning or replacing. Also, the of with and to advanced that the and when the cleaning or to and cleaning or that to the and inform when the that the tone of each with and allows to the of to who the Protect to and users There and it and easily. to instantly-removable Enhanced security functions the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off turning the off, the without to the to cool first. You this to people without Operation restricts operation the and The with the following security with anti-theft cover Security Security The allows of to layouts, whether the or High mounted.
that become or otherwise affected heat near the and or Allows cooling from within the to the while Function and Functions to the The of the and whether they flashing or the of the when to or the If collects the This and other and this to with and the service life. internal of the to from the when The displays warning such as when the Turn to and the of the from the C the cover, and the when the and the service life. Function the the this cover when the C cover
and Functions and the LAN. LAN connected, LAN Function Rear (EMP-6110) RS-232C This and to the with the from should normally used. RS-232C from other from and Computer2 from the Remote to the of the connected to the Computer2 from other from and Computer1 the upright, that these the C Function the connected or other input to to the Computer1 to This other than Computer1 to the of the connected to the Computer1 that to the or These to the of from C from Security the sound of the currently to to the Rear foot
and Functions RS-232C This and it to the with the from should normally used. RS-232C Function Rear (EMP-6010) from other from and Computer2 from the Remote the connected or other input to to the Computer1 to This other than Computer1 from other from and Computer1 the upright, that these the C Function that the to input the to the of the from C from Security to the Rear foot
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons items and the sound buttons Function displayed, it to the If when the function. shows to with they and the which C If of or selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the and the Function If when or displayed, these buttons items and Corrects buttons the or off. connected to the and to the input that [Source Search] C
and Functions Press to the C Function Remote from the from the Computer1 [Comp1] from the Computer2 [Comp2] from the If of the synchronization, and to the Used to or, when to the ID of the to operated. buttons C connected to the and to the input that [Search] Increases the Decreases the The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] the without the of that the Function buttons shows to with they and the which Each the pressed, the the and or off. [A/V
and Functions used. This to the to the ID of the to ID of and to whether the this used. [ID] Function C While this button pressed, the the Releasing the and each of the clears the or selection and to the displayed, and the or displayed, to the previous If when the function. through when to the anti-theft to when the Turn to and the of the such as Function installation Security the or off. or displayed, selects items and and the the optional mount when the from this when carrying the fixing C Remote light-emitting
This chapter and and the security Functions Summary of Procedure............................... Correction when the the (Source Search)................13 Directly from the Remote Automatically Incoming and Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the lock................................................................... cover locking (EMP-6110 only)............................. Functions Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect Ratio (Aspect)................................17 Function of the the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Projection Quality the ID....................................................20 the ID of the to operated................21 to the when Specifying the that
the the connected and the input from the You the buttons to to the input You the the following The input from Source Search directly projected. the Projected or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. Automatically Incoming and the Projected (Source Search) The following showing the of currently or when operation about seconds, the connected to If found. You the input where the displayed when the that the input when the [Source You the as input with Search] Computer2 Computer1 The input where input Procedure connected, playback this
the You directly to the the following buttons the Directly from the Remote from the Computer2 to to from the to from the Remote to from the Computer1
Remote Procedure Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when projecting. The of the the selected. Selecting the Quality (Selecting Each the the the and the changes. such as bright The and brought input) using black-and- white bright Text Application TV bright or The and brought to life. input) Sports bright Theatre bright The the from the If the while the the to the this tint, when Blackboard that to the
Functions from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Remote Procedure Each the or off. Remote Procedure to from the where If the while the while the and or displayed, the or The to playback the while used. displayed cleared. You choose to or as the A/V If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V using the "Extended"-"Display"-"A/V from the activated. Each the A/V or off.
Functions Enhancing Projection If the while the aspect displayed the to the aspect You the aspect ratio as follows. connected, that recorded or the Aspect Ratio (Aspect) from the The "Aspect" the (below) Remote Procedure Each the the aspect the and the aspect
Functions Enhancing the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Function You choose from three of the from the the Remote Procedure the the appears or
Functions Projection the to the of the that to Remote This when to to them such as and of the Procedure Remote C Remote The ratio appears the The selected to to the to the Each the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the the Press the to
Specifying the that to the when the ID Procedure the together with others, the that to the as below. ID". the Press the and then, from the the the to operated: ID of to operated: ID of ID: to operated: ID of ID: ID: the ID. the the operated each of the ID of the to the below the instructions. the "ID of to operated" The the ID" The the to the turned off, the "ID of the to operated" to such that operated from the the operated with the of the ID" Those which the ID" and "ID of to operated" the the following the The the as the "ID of the to operated". operated with the
Specifying the that to the when The ID of the to operated the the ID of the to operated Choose the ID to and the C Press the to the While holding the [ID] the to the ID of the to operated. the the of each of the and then the following each. Procedure You which operated with the the the of the to and then the [ID] The following displayed. as below. Once this the specified operated with the operations
to and each to the each to that the match correction from to white each to that they Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". correction each of the corrections following when using and that the of from each the brightness and tone of each with the brightness and tone match completely match closely. the to together with others, such correctly, there that from the high-temperature location, such High Warning that to that the than C. as when they the following If the as sunlight, or the of heater or that least inches the than the such that the that the correction of together, Restricting the that operated with the to the following to the Summary of Procedure
when Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. the and corrections the the and the and Each the the (B/Y)". Correction Procedure finished, the to the to finished. You from Each selected, the of the selected Select the to or to or to displayed. Press the and from the the the and corrections the the and the and to the brightest from C the with "Brightness Correct.". to the from the the displayed to to the brightness from
"Network Protect" to "On" "Network" Protect" to "On" the Background", and "A/V and the following from the the prohibited. "Network Protect" (EMP-6110 only) Protect" prohibited. The with of anti-theft security You people the the The the following security You who the without Protect Security Security Functions Protect) the This acts as anti-theft as the Furthermore, the that displayed when the to the At the of purchase, Protect activated, people who know the Protect activated. whenever the turned from the supply connected to the the On Protect" "On", the The following three of If the to the used. of Protect On Protect"
Security Functions Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the C Turn Protect". Press the the following to Protect. Protect and then the The If the shown The the displayed, the this to Select and then the the "Network Protect", and then the Turn "Network Protect". (EMP-6110 only) Select "On", and then the Press the the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, displayed. the the Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the the as further the the theft (EMP-6110 only)
Security Functions the displayed, the using the buttons the the the buttons. The as the fourth the While holding the four displayed. While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure Remote about and then the switches to and then and turn the that appears the and the If the of the If incorrect three the "The operation locked." displayed back The displays the the and Service If this the from the that the If the incorrectly, The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the buttons If to the and input the "The locked. displayed and the thirty the following as
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the operation buttons the of the the locked. You of the buttons the the locked. off. Restricting Operation the and the operations they the the Select or This useful or shows when to and only or when to operation. The operated the The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. Press the and the Procedure about seconds, and Press and the the From the You release the of the from the following the released. the the
Security Functions the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. You about the that and the Security the The security with the Security the often mounts and the includes the following security Security Anti-Theft the cover once the locked, the easily through the to the to or the and from the theft-prevention cover (EMP-6110 only) Security the cover, locking (EMP-6110 only)
This chapter to the and its the of Network (EMP-6110 Only) Info Only).................................................40
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the functions to their To items to their You the of You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the the Red, You the of each individually. You choosing of the following. only when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You whether, when the input the to the (On) or You the and right when of the that of the projected. You when or interference appears the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the IP each the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from Computer1 or Computer2 Computer1 Computer2 You the aspect ratio Aspect You the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 To items to their
of Functions Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity as follows, and reduced. You the to of about Brightness Function You this to of the You You the of the Shape to or the light too to to the or that interference. You the reception of the operation from the Remote You whether to the RCA as input the the the right shows the and the connected to the or the connected to the when selected. You the RCA (EMP-6110 only)
of Functions the that the without connecting other While To the the the or the the and Function You the "RCA (EMP-6110 only)", to their To items to their
of Functions You whether to (On) or the when the input the when Background You the when to or You the (the when the or A/V You the A/V as or the when input, and You related to the You the that displayed as background and displayed A/V Function to "On" and the connected to that of electricity when You whether (On) or when operations while Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You The that the to and Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or High to "On" when the of back the to automatically. input. Protect" to You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" "Rear" You from the following to the the Projection
of Functions You and while the when this to "Network On". the the following to and the of the EMP-6010 You the EMP software from the EMP-6110 You SNMP or EMP software with this Function Clean Notice the Clean Notice to "On," of which the displayed. the The the type of and the the to earlier the to that required. this such that the relatively You whether (On) or when to the Clean Notice this to "On", displayed when the with or You information the time/cleaning the You whether or to indicating of this to "On" the type assigned ID operation with the to restricted to that ID ID You from to white to and each to "Brightness Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) Corrects the the of each Brightness Correct. Corrects the the brightness of each Correct." and Correct.". You the and brightness of each when and To EMP software, to and then the section. EMP software Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You You IP and to EMP-6010 to that with EMP You that to and the of or information and the Protect" to You "Operation and the to their To items to their You the displays. "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EMP-6110 Only) You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the the Function IP You input the IP assigned to the DHCP You whether to DHCP (On) or If this to "On" Wired LAN You input the authentication when and the You and and function that allows to the when EMP EMP to characters length. You input the authentication when the the software. You input from to each of the the following used. to (where from to MAC You the MAC the You input from to each field of the the following used. Gateway You input the IP the the You and and to characters length.
of Functions You to the SNMP to the SNMP. SNMP should The IP "Trap IP when the IP "Trap IP accessed. Trap IP 1/Trap IP You to the SNMP Community the community SNMP. You to and the SNMP. SNMP Function when abnormality or warning You input to three You and the and You input the and the of the to The You input to to characters length. You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the the SMTP this the abnormal/warning SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the You whether to (On) or "On" and the connected to it AMX Discovery. when the connected to AMX or that AMX Discovery to the You the functions to their To items to their You to the the AMX Discovery and the following displayed. the to the to the and the to input. the to input. Press the to input. the this the selected, and the section Each this and selected, and
of Functions the function to "On" and the abnormal/warning the following The IP the where the abnormality First The of the where the abnormality Third and of the abnormality Subject: EPSON flow occurred. Flow flow occurred. the with The or the of the occurred the Flow It to the Clean The of the abnormality The following the shown the with abnormalities/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" internal occurred. occurred. related high warning occurred. High-speed cooling high occurred. (Overheating) It to the occurred. occurred. occurred. The cover the and that the supply the the connected turned input to the It to the There flow occurred. Flow
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) If the to "On" from the when reaches the the characters You the type of and the yellow. Function reaches the warning the characters yellow. You the operating Hours You the of "Computer1" or "Computer2" the to the "Source". You the input the connected currently Source You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate information that occurred the This information service required. The as "0H" the first hours.
of Functions The following items to their "Computer1 "Computer2 items (EMP-6110 only), and You items the to their You clear the hours and to "0H". when the You clear the and to "0H". when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................44 lights or o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the on-screen displays to the the Procedure the the Press the The displayed. the operations as and to through the to items. Press the to Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this Projection Warm-up The with the following four that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the Indicates the If off, that the correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service that when the of with the attached, internal High repeatedly the Should this the "Brightness to If the the using the the from the and or the the and Service The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, clean or of or "High to "On". High (overheating) If the the the the from the and or the the and Service If the High to the with
or the and it cracked. the following or the the and Service If the Stop using the the from the and If the the with and the If cracked the and turn the If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). Clean the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service using of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely Flow If the the the the from the and or the the and Service that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or the following Flow
Flashing to the or o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, clean or High Warning with If the "The clogged. Clean or the displayed, the following that the and clear, and that the If to the and the further, automatically. If the clogged, or Flow If this the the the from the and or the the and Service that the securely installed. The and the when to the only when If the become of tobacco and and clean it with to "On" the from the If the "Clean or the displayed, clean the If the the the the from the and or the the and Service the the Flow repeated cleaning.
Flashing to the or The cleaning. Clean the Clean Notice The cleaning lights and displayed only when "Clean Notice" of the to "On". If the or the the and If the operating properly, though the showing to the Service
when If of the following and the offer to the each the The abnormally The (EMP-6110 only) abnormality the sound heard or the sound Other the completely the completely and from appear and nothing projected. displayed Projection appear relating to The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." displayed The displayed or of The whole appears purplish or white, appearing the match, this and LCD reproduction performance, that the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right appear Nothing appears the
relating to appear the to the the the correct? The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the when the to only. or with built-in LCD when from the to the LCD and the when from Moving Press the to the If to the to "Extended"-"Operation"-"Sleep to "On"? the without and the off and then the about Projection
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported Displays" that the securely connected. the connected correctly? when from when the and the refresh to the The displayed or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the own and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from The recommended from to to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to using and from the If the correctly using the If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when projecting from when the and "Tracking correctly? Press the [Aspect] the to the aspect the of "Normal", and the aspect to the Press the the to the The or or the aspect when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the from the from the correctly? If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the turn off the the the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when when
from connected to or from connected to Computer1 or Computer2 the following to the the connected "Computer1/2 the input match the from the connected right the from the "Image"-"Color the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" from the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? that the securely connected. the correctly? the "Brightness" from the "Image"-"Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" from the the correctly? the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the the "Brightness" and "Brightness from the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the and correctly? the from the the correctly? when from appear The that from Computer1 from other than the Computer1 projected? Nothing appears the
when There the or the the and or the the and Service If this the using the the from the Press and the the about seconds, and the released. the to The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the and off when the touched? the to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to the back the first turned the This the higher than the This the only when the first turned from the the the selected? the back immediately Direct or the turned off? The abnormally Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the that the connected to the the connected correctly? sound heard or the sound Other the "RCA the the correct? when connected to the EMP-6110
The operating the about and about vertically. the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? The the correctly or the with necessary. the location where light the receiver. the to "Remote from the the "Remote from the the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the or the correctly? sunlight or light from shining the receiver? This to the If of the buttons the than seconds, the the buttons such as when or top of the released, operation that the LAN connected correctly. connected or correctly. the LAN connected correctly? received abnormality the (EMP-6110 only) than seconds? To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? If the or the the and to Service of to the the correctly. "Network"-"Mail" correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the abnormality and the to
Connecting LAN (EMP-6110 Only) Optional and Optional of ESC/VP21 Commands Command (EMP-6110 Only)...........................................77 of Supported Specifications Appearance This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the Remote the to the the operating the to the the operating and Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to (EMP-6110 Only)............
from (Rear from front of the The the following four its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from the mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and injury. the mount and the or and Warning the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the the its This malfunctions to You the as follows the [A/V the about "Rear" or from the seconds. optional mount when the from the
tobacco and cleaned. this with the turned because to clean the Clean or the "The clogged. Clean or the Clean the when the following displayed. to the "Clean or the Cleaning the You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning the of the outlet or There of shock. containing amount of and then firmly wring the Clean the gently with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth to the Cleaning the of the to and this to with operation and shorten the service life. Clean that using force cleaning only to The washed to the If to the turned and to the with with tobacco resin, the and to the from the the immediately when the displayed. If collects the the internal and the intensity with or the cloth cleaning to gently the cover clean the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Cleaning Catch While the catches, the the cover. Procedure C the front of the and Turn the and then the to the the four or to the of the other front the the of the and straight the of the catches to or that the with too force to or such that used. the such that used.
Cleaning Press the cover clicks the cover. to the from the front of the If displayed, cleaning, to the with cleaning the from the the to the front of the that the
the of the and the to the the the with This section to the the and the If the of the or that the becoming this them with ready to when required. the Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions/Support and Service the batteries. Instructions Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should high brightness: About hours brightness: About hours as as ready incase The the when displayed. The flashes Flashing The or to
the off the and the Procedure the it there If the of which the should that the and when the cover If of the cover gently. of should to the of the cover, that the or mouth, immediately. Warning to the the cover the screwdriver with the the cooled then the cover switch, and the the cover from the of the cover without the screwdriver. It about hour the turned off the cover. If the burns or other the cooled sufficiently the to cool enough.
the that the fits correctly and, once the screws. the C the fixing screws. the cover. If the cracked, with or further If the yourself, to of the
the "The clogged. Clean or the The turned such things as tobacco displayed, though the It to the when: cleaned. resin. the the off as Please regulations or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with household The when the from to the The records the turned and and when to the the the hours from the the operating the off the and the Procedure the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. While the cover catches, the cover the cover.
Press the cover it clicks the cover. the the of the and straight C the the without and the displayed of properly with off about of the section: PPPET of the section: PP the to the front of that the the
The of the the and the the from and when to the the operating the inform when to the If to the operating from the the the reached. or cleaning the
the From the You the that currently as the to as the and then the the previous Procedure the buttons and the operations they the the If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to the the C "Choose this as the displayed, of Aspect, or selecting the function. the the or the the to the as to the of the
"Select this displayed, The recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed." displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while Once the otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the You to
Units: Units: of the of the to the from the the following to choose the The of the to the of the from the Projection and to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of Screen of
You with built-in amplifiers to the with and with the to of sound. the Connecting to (EMP-6110 Only) Connecting to and the the when connected to the This that to the with the input to the Computer1 displayed when the Connecting to To the the to the and from the built-in To and connected to the Computer2 and The the and and to to To with
Connecting LAN (EMP-6110 Only) with commercially or type LAN To LAN LAN To LAN To shielded LAN
mount as ELPMB21 when the mount ELPMB07 when the high plate ELPFC03 Optional and of to without and The following of optional as of January, the country of purchase. of to the from or the the and Service to this This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 that easily (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional as Choose of the to of and (high ELPAF11 to ELPAF12 the as ELPLP45 of these the with the HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 too to ELPKC19 when the high ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 ELPFP11 ELPFP12
AMX Discovery AMX Corporation. the AMX to adopted this technology's and implemented whereby this functions (ON). the easily to the AMX URL AMX Discovery This section easily terms that with the and terms that the text of this to other publications. The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household The and that the to (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM to that of three and which the and to The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or greater reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and displayed alternately. The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh of whereby the from from top to to Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP Definition that to which the High-Definition HDTV SDTV
international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to this the that they the recording these played back the they to their as of The of the phases of these (the of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the Tracking. If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA
input RS-232C Connector If the terminates abnormally, the ON to the the and the input, the the command and and then the command. turned and of ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF Command SOURCE selection SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL ready DTR DTR DSR ground GND GND GND ready DSR DSR DTR Function <At the (PC <At the TD TD RD RD RD TD Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (CR) to the of each command and Computer1 Item
information EPSON and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the to the of the and Information Industries Association (JBMIA). Class established the JBMIA to URL the JBMIA. (EMP-6110 Only) "Product information EMP-6110 Command Function AVMT=11 Normal (only muted) AVMT AVMT AVMT AVMT Non-compatible commands AVMT=21 Normal (only muted) and Command Connector INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 INPT INPT
Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate of Supported Used of Aspect Refresh Rate Computer SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA Aspect Ratio TV (NTSC) (PAL, SECAM) TV Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV SDTV the VGA when other than those input, that the functions supported. SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
TM DNX ICs this EMP-6010 (W) (H) (D) including EMP-6110 Product Specifications than and If the of to to of XGA (W) (H) to AC to supply 1W 5W UHE W, ELPLP45 Polysilicon TFT active to with phase-to-phase This IT 230V. to to to +60C to +40C to Computer1 Connectors Computer2 DIN RCA RCA Approx At of to and when "Brightness to "High", the operating to +35C. RJ45 LAN RS-232C
Specifications interference to and reception, which Class to of the FCC These with the instructions, interference to This tested and found to comply with the interference installation. This turning the off and the to to or reception. there that interference the outlet from that to and and, and installation. If this the or Increase the the and receiver. to reasonable protection the interference or of the following FCC United States or the which the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA Inc. MS: Located connected to interfaces. or If this than interface established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this the FCC or Declaration of this The of non-shielded to this and interference which the the the WARNING authority to the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the Each to the responsibility that the following of Product EPSON EMP-6110
4-M4X9 Appearance of from of to fixing Units: