Unpack the You should the following items: Carrying CD-ROM The as shown below. Each type of included. You purchase optional through or stores. You to and the to switch them. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component), and the right the to and the enough If than the to amplifier. the back accessory information.) everything turned off. to the to VGA To back through the from to the the the CD-ROM instructions. NOTE the the cover. the batteries. the cover. The ready RCA (included) Choosing location The Choose the If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. Table temporary front Choose from the Professional recommended. Choose from the Choose from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below shows approximately based where the from to Turn
Unpack the You should the following items: Carrying CD-ROM The as shown below. type of included. You purchase optional through or stores. You to and the to switch them. the If than choose the that the quality. The from highest to lowest Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component), and the right the to and the enough If than the to amplifier. the back accessory information.) everything turned off. to the to VGA RCA (included) To back through the from to the the the CD-ROM instructions. NOTE the the cover. the the cover. The ready Choosing location The Choose the If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. The the and the the of the The below shows based where the Table temporary front Choose from the Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose Rear from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the from to Turn
The as shown below. Each type of included. You purchase optional through or stores. You to and the to switch them. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component), and the right the to and the enough If than the to amplifier. the back accessory information.) everything turned off. to the to VGA (included) To back through the from to the the CD-ROM instructions. the NOTE the the cover. the batteries. the cover. The ready Carrying CD-ROM Unpack the You should the following items: Choosing location The Choose the If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. temporary front from the Professional recommended. Choose from the RCA Rear Choose Rear from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below shows approximately based where the from to Turn
and Press the and the cover. the to the and the other The light If other than such as DVD player, (If to the or Press the You hear the light flashes and the about seconds. The light If using or If than the Comp1 Comp2 or the to the to If connected and to the to the Troubleshooting section instructions. NOTE Turning off the finished the first off the Press the the or the the The the turned off, and the light the light steady the With TM theres cool-down and immediately turning off the the when the light or flashing the To the the foot and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the the to reduce or the (You the to or farther from the If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the and the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Source buttons Choose English then follow the on-screen instructions to You www.epson.com/webreg NOTE to If already and follow the on-screen instructions to the the to to and customer-only offers. Where to Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM or charges apply. Services technical through services hours and to You purchase carrying or other from authorized Please 800-GO-EPSON information and to the authorized SM www.epsonstore.com To purchase the (U.S. only). Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing and the cover off. turning off the and restarting If connected than and/or to the Source Search top of the to (Allow seconds the to If the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD. Allow seconds the to If the and the the If On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the You might to the the to both the LCD and or If to the option to the If with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and and of Corporation. and and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-20550 Printed XXXXX
and Press the and the cover. the to the and the other The light If connecting other than such as DVD (If to the or Press the You hear the light flashes and the about seconds. The light If using or If connected than or Comp2 Comp1 the the to the to If connected and to the to Troubleshooting the section instructions. NOTE Turning off the finished using the first off the Press the the or the the The the turned off, and the light the light steady the theres TM With cool-down and immediately turning off the the when the light or flashing the To the the foot and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the the to reduce or the (You the to or farther from the If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the and buttons the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the options. the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Source buttons Choose English then follow the on-screen instructions to You www.epson.com/webreg NOTE to If already and follow the on-screen instructions to the the to to and customer-only offers. Where to Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM or charges apply. Services technical through services hours and to You purchase carrying or other from authorized Please 800-GO-EPSON information and to the authorized SM www.epsonstore.com To purchase the (U.S. only). Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing and the cover off. turning off the and restarting If connected than and/or to the Source Search top of the to (Allow seconds the to If the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD. Allow seconds the to If the and the the If On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the You might to the the to both the LCD and or If to the option to the If using with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and and of Corporation. and and service of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-20550 Printed XXXXX
the To the the foot and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the the to reduce or the (You the to or farther from the If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the and buttons the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the options. the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the CD-ROM then automatically, the the then follow the on-screen instructions to English Choose www.epson.com/webreg You NOTE to If already and follow the on-screen instructions to the the to to and customer-only offers. Source buttons and Press the and the cover. the to the and the other The light If other than such as DVD (If to the or Press the You hear the light flashes and the about seconds. The light If or If connected than or Comp2 Comp1 the the to the to watch. If and projected, to the to Troubleshooting the section instructions. NOTE Turning off the finished using the first off the Press the the or the the The the turned off, and the light the light steady the theres TM With cool-down and immediately turning off the the when the light or flashing Where to Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM or charges apply. Services technical through services hours and to You purchase carrying or other from authorized Please 800-GO-EPSON information and to the authorized SM www.epsonstore.com To purchase the (U.S. only). Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing and the off. turning off the and restarting If connected than and/or to the Source Search top of the to (Allow seconds the to If the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD. Allow seconds the to pressing If the and the the If On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the You might to the the to both the LCD and or If to the option to the If with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-20550 Printed XXXXX