PM
Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third rights of this publication reproduced, or written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the pro-insd.fm PM information or incurred purchaser or third as of: Notice: Other and of or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. tions. their respective owners. EPSON and rights those CPD Copyright Inc. California, USA
Information About Information PM WARNING: the when the turned the bright light the touch the with the invisible the the as specifically this WARNING: The and its children the when cover the the and covers. to service this yourself. servicing to service the life. cloth or to the Remote Information from to of suffocation. These commonly the following of the The to commands the following You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and There the IR and the IR the Other that such as heater, the The them. light the IR receiver. of lighting used. light too bright. If the properly, computer-based tation directly from the containing of the coverings and/or the of sunlight. the lighting and/or off lights. Turn off other that
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. FCC United States PM there that interference installation. If this The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC tion of this and interference which the established the FCC this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the from that to which the connected. the to try to the interference or of the following the or Increase the the and receiver. WARNING or the It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations.
PM lightweight EPSON allows to XGA and PC or Apple You the to three such as VCR or You each Introduction displayed XGA that easily light enough to The of The bright You built-in 3D Sound when further amplification required.
from with of You the through Tracking and Synchronization AVTSS PM and easily. operations The ELP II software of features of VGA and SXGA what type of The The IBM and The as wireless to used, the of clarity. with switching and to effective. computers. The NTSC, PAL, or The with of that To the of this section to the the and as as Apple and the of SECAM or summary of the features. Introduction
The buttons the to the and off, and to and switching. the buttons to (with the ELP II software) and the PM Remote electricity turning off the the electricity, cooling the and the of the You the to the the turned off, conserving of and such as The buttons the the the and the of
To of the EPSON the following Carrying the and its Both and PM Optional Remote with and mount The allows wireless ELPKS04 Soft Carrying ELPKS05 Carrying ELPLP03 with to and to MAC Communication and to to or to the to that ELP ELPKC04 ELPKC06 VGA-13WS ELPKC07 VGA-BNC MAC You purchase these from or EPSON Introduction
instructions to other optional the that apply the and to or PM to About This to the and the of the Chapter the ELP II Software to the and such as bass and the to the ELP II software to the and the and the Chapter the to the or the Chapter to the Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical specifications warning lights and helpful information Chapter Troubleshooting, to the quality, and About This
the or Follow these instructions when and using the PM Instructions the type of indicated the If the where the easily of the or the or of heat. only as recommended. fiche properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply the three-wire grounding-type the outlet with with these or fire. the the the where the It This fire or shock. outlets, cords, or or to the Introduction
the or other the from the cleaning. the and the They and the from overheating. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. PM of through or when or closed-in provided. service or covers to service this yourself. servicing to as specifically this to and other of the the from the outlet and servicing to If the or heat-producing or heated such as service the following the and top of the or or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, If or the housing Instructions indicating service
authorized EPSON Customer EPSON and service through of the location or the following services: PM Where to Fax-on-Demand to technical information to commonly about EPSON products The location of Authorized EPSON or Technical information and and products operation of EPSON products Customer Customer relations (U.S. only). please If third-party software with EPSON You purchase or from EPSON the that technical hours EPSON Sound information. Introduction
and EPSON hours and of the services below. You helpful specifications, DIP switch or PM Services You the EPSON Download Service software to parity. From the reach EPSON Download Service World and selecting the phone option. You of CompuServe type GO EPSON the You technical information to EPSON FaxAdvice. to EPSON CompuServe EPSON FaxAdvice Service EPSON introductory CompuServe to reach CompuServes America of Where to
ID and To of this offer the U.S. membership, which to introductory and or and PM Introduction
PM to other The connected to and or the or to the to both or such as VCR, or his chapter to and of the following: the to the as wireless or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
the these PM the (A/V) AA the of PS/2 PC these ELP II to the the the its or the
To (One to the usually with PM Additional To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to If include (One that and to each the the right of the To the to You MicroSaver anti-theft or other You these items from the
the within of the the the This the PM or the The the and the the the the the the the from the to the
from to inches inches PM inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches The indicated the Warning: the when the The the other to grounded of the to the the right to the inches inches the distorted. light. It that might when operating. This the the
To the the off the battery cover as shown PM the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover.
as as they If the with cloth. If batteries, the following and them immediately. PM using the You the to of VGA, VGA, XGA, or XGA including: IBM PC Connecting to of Apple with This includes Apple including and and the section that to IBM PC Connecting to
off the and they Connecting to PC PM the the the from the the location of the to of the to the the back of the and the other of the to the
To the the the to the This useful when to the the Tighten the screws PM the The the to the ELP II software and the Effects buttons to the as and the from to the Connecting to Computer
to the the of the of the PS/2 included with the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com the of the to the PM the PS/2 from the If and other of the PS/2 included with the the instead of the PS/2 the back of and with the shown the of the to the the other of the to the You to ELP II software that to ELP II software or to the Effects buttons the To the from PC using the the of the the back of the screws to they fas- securely.
the PM of the to the the the the other of the to the or sound the Connecting to
turn off the and they Connecting to PC PM the location of the to the other of the to the the the of the to the Tighten the screws to they securely.
the The the to the ELP II software and the Effects buttons to the as and the to the PM Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com the of the to the to the the of the of the PS/2 included with the Connecting to
If and the other of the PS/2 to the the instead of the PS/2 shown the PM of the to the the other of the to the You to ELP II software that to ELP II software or to the Effects the To the from the the of the the back of Tighten the screws the to they to with securely.
the PM of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
off the and they Connecting to PM the the of the to the the location of the to with the the cover and the DIP switches the to (such as inch connecting
the of the to the from the the back of the and the (with attached) to the If the other of the PM the to the Tighten the screws both to they with to the and the other to the and the to the If to or the securely. Connecting to
the The the to the ELP II software) from to to the as and PM the MAC MAC the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com to the MAC to the the other of the
the from the ADB of the of the to the the If to the ELP II software, and the of the MAC to the PM to the PRINTER or MODEM the back of of the the other of the Tighten the screws both the of the to the the the the other of the to Connecting to
to off the and they PM to the Connecting to Apple) the the location of the to of the to the the to
the of the to with the the cover and the DIP switches the to (such as inch the other of the PM Tighten the screws the to they of the that with the other of the to to the the back of the the (with securely. attached). Connecting to
the The the to the as and to the ELP II software) to the PM MAC MAC the MAC to the the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com the of the to the the of the MAC to the the back of the other of the
of the to the the to the PRINTER or MODEM the back of If to the ELP II software, of the the other of the PM Tighten the screws to they fas- the securely. of the to the the the the other of the to Connecting to
You VCR, or other to The or Connecting to Source PM RCA the the selects the as the To You the to both and The with first the four-pin specify that detected. The type of to the to the the with The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the the (A/V) with the that the then to only type of whether or or from
with the If (RCA) the that If round, one-prong Turn off the and they To to the PM the RCA of round, four-prong to purchase the to the the other RCA to the of the other the to the the other of the to the output and the the the of the the white the Connecting to of the
the other the of the the PM of Although the internal enough or the to from the built-in function. To the to sound to or (PA) or to Connecting to or PA RCA-to-3.5 You from Turn off the and or PA they
the to the PM the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the Connecting to or PA
PM the the with the and the his chapter the following information about the of the Focusing and the Turning the and off
The below the of PM About foot foot release the
(such as VCR), the and its attached the Turning the On and PM following from or amplified or PA necessary) Turning the On and Warning: the when the This Press the the or If or attached, the or Allow about seconds The the projected. It that children the Turning the On and
to the about seconds, and the to The the flashes PM as the cools off. the cooled off, flashing and the to If the to the back while the electricity turning off the the and amount of the This electricity, cools there the appears. the and the of the the the to or the cord. the
Focusing and Positioning the appears that and correctly the PM To the of the the (the To the the (the the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to Focusing and Positioning the
If to or the the or the foot the of the as follows: PM the the This the foot While the Foot Release or the the and the front of while the its This and freely. the Release the Foot Release to the foot its the correctly positioned. the the turning the left-rear foot clockwise to the height or counterclockwise to the
If input from the the to the Pressing the the input to the PM input Press the while the the of with The the to the or to of input from Either the the of the or With to XGA VGA choose from With than XGA SXGA or inch choose from of the or the the The reduces the The with XGA Focusing and Positioning the to XGA
You the the top of the or the to the following PM the Turn or off Access the of Switch input Select the and functions only) or or the the
the Remote PM top The to commands these You the to about from it of the receivers The line-of-sight To the the (This shorter the located the front and back of the light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the the Remote
(such as heater). these to the receiver; or other This the the or the from PM Switches and and from the input to the Switches from to or the to Function Acts as click, selection, and selects the to the or the to effects with the ELP II Effects buttons with the ELP II Acts as right click, selection, and as when the to the selects other other software. Top Clears the of and switches to the
Switches the and VGA, SVGA to assign to the Effects the ELP II Custom and SXGA input). PM software. Function the or the or the the the off and the You the to the instead of the the Remote when the
The following the the Switches from to or PM Function Switches and and from these to that or or to items operations. Matches the internal clock to the graphic graphic (tracking or the to arrows right arrows Switches the and VGA, SVGA, these buttons to with or the input to the to operations. selection. and SXGA input). off the the
The and the top of the the PM operating Chapter Troubleshooting, what to warning light serious (The Steady and Steady The Flashing Light The too and turned off. Steady There internal Flashing
The Flashing Steady PM Light Projection to Steady with or supply. Flashing Projection replacing. cooling Flashing flashing and the
PM the The features, such as the tone and The the such as and when the the The the such as and when the such as VCR. to The to The to their factory The Custom assigns to the Custom
The the To the first the or PM Accessing the or the or then the The appears: Press the the or to Press the to the the To the
of the to through the Press the or arrows or the top or PM choices. and buttons
Press the or the top or to PM top the such as the following appears. the or
of the to through the choices. Press the or or the top or Press the or right arrow or the right or of the to the PM to the or RETURN and to finished the back to the The automatically. The following this section: Computer) The following options when the The to the Computer) Custom Computer.
the to to these or the Increase brightness to Brightness The connected and operating, and the PM item options. to light and Decrease with the tracking from the this to or to from the Matches the internal clock to graphic Tracking the light and areas. Increase the this to from the to the light and areas. or to the Next, the or and right to the the selected Increase the Then the or and buttons or to to the to the Select this item and then the or the and the the of the input to the
Then the or and Select this item and then the or to the right buttons to the the PM item the the connected to Mouse/Com only the input or to to the connected to the Mouse/Com The wireless Select to assign the wireless to the Select to assign the wireless to the and the Mouse/Com Mouse/Com connected to the Mouse/Com switched to Next, and then the or or the to clear the Selecting the to switch wireless If and then Select this item and then the or whenever the input items to their factory to the to the and displays the without
The (such as VCR or connected The following options when the The to the PM or the Increase brightness to Brightness and and the the to Decrease to the the lightest Increase the to light and the of light and areas. or to the to these options. item the Normally this If selection reason, this the of the Increase to should AUTO to the type of Increase the and Decrease and to manually specify NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. or to red. and of the (NTSC only) the
Select this item and then Next, and then or or the to the items to their factory the to the PM item If and then The related to or the to clear the without and displays the Increase the to the or to the tone of the and Increase the Tone the the and tone to the or to the the Normal sound input item the More sound input sound input Normal:
Select this item and then the or to the items to their factory PM item Next, and then the or The to basic that normally If and then or the to clear the to the without and displays the while OFF off Turn Mirrors the its (left-right). Selecting ON Rear Projection Temporarily displays the to Prompt this option when from which or the item the
To the precisely, the right arrow H, M, and to the This displays the whiteness of the The showing USER RED and USER BLUE. the and white, white, and white. PM item Press the or Mirrors the its (top-bottom). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn or to clear the and to the selected within the buttons to the to and then the and right or the to the selected high while the the Option this option when the from the the or displays the temporarily.
the switching to when the input switching PM item from to right, and Left-Right: from and Selects the English, right, and expands from from to Right expands from to right. expands from to right. Spanish, and used. The of this when the The Custom allows to such as the of hours the to the of its life. this the with as as and displays the Custom preview, or effects. the other which the The Custom located the of the to option, the Custom that the Custom to Custom option. the
CUSTOM from the ZOOM highlighted and the PRESENT SET displayed to the below To PREVIEW or STROBE the function To the Custom the top or of the PM Press the then function. appears the right of the to the New or to the If the New the Press the Custom to the then the top Function item The Custom The following the of the the of the while the function the Custom Each of the displayed Each of the top while the function the displayed reducing
right, and to closely Press the to of the You the of the Function item PM the to the New or function. The function with the or the Press the then Press the then the to the New or Press the Custom to the to the the Custom input If the New the function. The function four each of which shows to the If the New the Press the Custom to the the Custom The the from the input the
Press the top while the to specifying the as or and the from of flashed and the them. You the of Function item PM of Press the top to clear and displays the to the
PM the ELP II Software or to features and ELP II software from buttons the
ELP II software with the following operating PM the Software instructions about to the and to the software, the properly connected to Chapter OS Connecting the II software. the II the following to the software the Software from (A: or B: as the ELP II Software
the the then The appears: PM A:\SETUP B:\SETUP (or as then To the location where the software should or OK. The ELP II introduction appears. Press C to summary appears stating free The II software with the using the C to directory COM to then C to (COM) Specify which to the software and If COM and then C C to free then the the Software from
You to the directory specified the following to the software the Software from PM Press the II Click the option. The appears: (A: or B: as Click A:\SETUP B:\SETUP (or as then To the location where the software should or OK The ELP II introduction appears. Press C to C to directory and then C the ELP II Software
summary appears The II software with the the COM to then C to (COM) Specify which COM PM C You to the directory specified to free then the to the software and If the Software from OS Press from Double-click the ELP The the the following to the software the the II the Double-click the ELP and follow the instructions displayed. ELP appears. the Software
prompted that the completed, OK Then the to PM the Software Double-click the ELP II from the ELP II from the The ELP II appears the of ELP II or OS ELP II or Double-click the ELP II The ELP II appears. the Software them to operations, such as You functions to the Effects the Effects and features the Effects buttons The ELP II software to: The ELP II software when the and the or the connected to the the ELP II Software
shows the functions assignment to Effects To The function the of the ELP II The below these functions and to them. assign the PM Function and Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the the the Then the To the Effects buttons, the ELP II software to the and the connected to the straight the and Function the the Then the using the Then once to the of of the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the the to the of the once to the of of the the the other of the the to the of the the Software other of the
Press the to Press the Effects assigned to this the the Creates or You this function to highlight of the with or PM and Function the or of the the to the where the to appear. Then Press the Effects assigned to this the Press the assigned Effects to the Press the assigned Effects to clear the the assigned Effects to the Clears Effects previously executed. Clear Screen the Cursor This when often Press the assigned Effects to type the to type of characters the ELP II Software
PM Functions There three to assign functions to each of the Effects buttons the and function from the function to the Effects Select the function from the function and then the Click function the function the Effects to then Effects the to the Software
Once assigned functions to or Effects buttons, To to the following appears. (The options and options each function. PM which currently assigned to the Effects buttons.) To each the and then the (If the as to and each To the the right Click the the function to then the and top buttons, respectively.) wish. The the following the options each To the OK the ELP II Software function.
Specify whether to the to the corners of the of the of the Specify the from to PM Function Click this to the background or Click this to the background text or Click this to the with Specify the from to through the through the Choose the the Click this to round the corners of the Click this to the background text or Click this to the with Specify the from to Width Specify the from to through the Choose the Choose the Click this to the background text or the Software through the Choose or Direction Click the to used.
Click the to used. PM options Clear Function Cursor the field. The Backspace and to characters, including such as Ctrl Although of assignments, Click the to than of Click the Clear to clear the assignment. active assignments. recorded. the ELP II Software
To of assignments, and and Recalling Effects Assignments To Effects assignments, the PM To of assignments, its from the If the COM when To of assignments from the its the software, or the COM to To without the the COM Assignment and then From the Option COM then choose COM which the connected, the COM from the ELP II software. from the provided. the Software
You the ELP II software to the following features: PM Double-click the ELP II from the Double-click the ELP II The ELP II from the The ELP II or OS ELP II or ELP II appears the appears. the ELP II Software
From the The PM appears: To of the the Down, On, Brightness buttons below: the Software
Click the The PM following appears: Click the the to or of the following brightness. Brightness Option the (synchronization) to tracking to Tracking the ELP II Software
the of red, and the the and the currently selected. PM Option Click to to their brightness. Brightness Option SECAM. AUTO the to the received. Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, or Click to to their the currently selected. the tint. (NTSC only) the the Software
PM sound sound Option Sound Select of the following sound three sound further expanded to sound Click to to their sound expanded. sound expanded. Normal three-dimensional. sound: Option this when to the back of Rear Temporarily displays the Specify to when To which or the the to right. Specify the used: Option connected. Source Prompt Mount this when the the the top to the ELP II Software
Specify the should when the and appear from the top of the to the right. PM Option to Right and appear from the to the right. appear from the of the and the of hours the used. Click to to their the currently selected. to the Custom the from the connected the selected the specified Count Specify the of which to the Specify the the seconds. the of and the Option Function the Software the currently selected.
Click to to their PM Option the Click the The following appears: that the properly. Choose of the You when the to following: character-based the ELP II Software
Ref... to the the Click to the selected. Then The should bitmapped from the specified. Either type the or PM the Software
Click Property the The PM Specify the Property Property appears. using the and to specify the amount of and and white) High red) Specify Click to the selected. the ELP II Software
PM Warning: of the off the and the cord. cover the other replacing, or the and covers. the The should the and If service to cool the You should You to clean the the of the the clean or smears appear the and from overheating.
severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to PM service Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with To the first the cord. To Cleaning the and the or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and thinner, or other These the to Then the
Clean the the of the every hours This overheating and of If cleaned become with the To the follow these PM Cleaning the screwdriver, coin, or to screw, Turn the its right that the top the with the the top Turn off the and the from the housing. and the easily. and the cover. Cleaning the
recommended that If the to or the torn, and other office to the If The attached to the of the cover. It lint-free cloth. PM or EPSON the United States and to The typically about hours of It The or to to the when: the the United States and or EPSON The and red, flashing Turn off the and the Warning: the cool red. Turn the the cover.
screws the cover. the screws screwdriver, or to the off the cover. (You these screws. PM screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the (You these screws.) the
the and the PM Gently the lowering securely. the securely The off the cover and the cover screws. Tighten the screws the cover
PM Troubleshooting and information to with the his chapter the indicated the lights It the following with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the this section or the
If the section and follow that apply to If of the the or EPSON as through with the PM If with the first off and These lights to with operation the the lights the top of the Then the back and the If this The The to replaced. Projection the Chapter instructions.) Troubleshooting
the following information what to when The malfunctioning. service Flashing Both these warning lights or other with the PM The cooling the light off and then turn The light flashing and Turn off the that the connected The light the the Projected or to or the The overheating, which the off automatically. securely both the outlet and the and the the as The light red. light red. The clogged. Clean as Chapter and the cool then back with the nothing the then the cool while.
If the to overheat clean the the The and lights flashing the abnormality occurred the Turn off the caused to the cooling or internal service PM and the cord. Then the back and the If nothing the service Warning: as specifically this with the or Sound appear the to service this yourself. The selected. Press the Source If the higher than that the light and the cover off. the or the to choose another the correctly, as Chapter the the If the of the displayed. the group. choose the Apple with this choose the and then choose Monitors. the choose Troubleshooting
selected. Supported You to existing created them software and or another Displays PM to the selected, the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the The NO SIGNAL displayed. the information. The the the the Brightness and the Tracking and buttons the If the The or of the or displayed. the There or smears the Clean the as with the or Sound Chapter
the and (NTSC only) the red, and the If The incorrect. If The of the right. PM the that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the the or to the The selected. Press the or and the There sound. Troubleshooting
PM Technical Specifications to inches to to to Projection Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches of Remote aspect ratio 2W ratio
inches Height Mechanical DC ELPLP04 PM to VAC and to VAC inches inches Rated with Operation: to to C), to to C), to VAC, A, supply to VAC, A, Operation: to RH, Humidity to RH, Technical Specifications
The following the To higher the to The displays of Supported PM the type VGA, VESA, JEGA CGA, SVGA, XGA and Apple IBM PC IBM PC and The of allow the to The to the to PC NEC displayed correctly. This with graphic and boards only.
The and RGB, The assignments and assignments PM (ID GND GND out GND GND Synchronous GND GND GND GND (ID GND GND SDA Technical Specifications
PM and synchronization information type of that Brightness. The of light and and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of of the tonal the highlights white and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase New Zealand, and of Africa.
of the amount of of or One measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. PM inch. TV Eastern and RGB. type of that as of red, power-saving which the type of S-VHS It SECAM and separately. and of Africa. VGA. Graphics high-resolution that turned off when the amount of the XGA. Graphics XGA higher than VGA. of