WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Information Copyright Notice
and that offer ANSI of brightness. From classrooms to and bright and ordinary Additionally, the built-in and displayed of or 3LCD and to theater-quality performance. You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple (including G3, G4, and G5 computers, and and With the from VGA through UXGA. You of the following HDTV, VCR, DVD (such as Microsoft PlayStation and or The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM You to four to the the The buttons easily switch them, and each switch sound as as With the Source Search to input the the the
To unauthorized of the assign which displayed to the and the buttons through the information about security features, the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to the to or USB to the shows, and to the Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, and other to instructions. the The switch from to of or the and other features. Chapter connecting USB to the as wireless This through computer-based (such as from to information,
includes warranty brochures, and The instructions to and to or This the information to and Please follow these as through followed to injury. to to Notes information about More Information about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and The art, and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. Press the the or to Download and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN information.
Protected VGA and Warranty with basic carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the the warranty brochures that with offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the Service To the that with and to products, and services. the the these items: Remote Soft carrying and
to the the (or when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying included with the cover foot Foot release Computer/Component and releated Rear foot light light Remote Security light Remote USB wireless Remote RS-232 (service only)
Additional to the To One usually with or purchase from To from VCR or other which from and to VGA To or To the as wireless USB or
Optional Accessories To of the the following optional Product Product V13H010L34 (includes V13H134A08 Samsonite wheeled and ELPKS35-S Samsonite shoulder with ELPKS43 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch ELPDC05 V12H162020 security ELPSL01 mount with Security bracket/cabling mounts You purchase carrying or other from authorized Please 800-GO-EPSON information and to the authorized To purchase the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC To purchase (U.S.) or
the his chapter to the and to or You to four four and three or and instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to
You the Projection from the and Downloads section of the Positioning the the to where to If the and it isnt already the to it front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the somewhere and from the the below to exactly increases with the and other to to to these considerations the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord.
to the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the isnt this the shaped, instead of or If the below the of the to the front foot, as This the to its the corrects the automatically. If the its the than or the To To manually, Other Installations You from the or from the with the mounted Rear To from overhead, the optional mount information.) to or Rear/Ceiling the Projection option the To from the rear, Rear information. The corrects automatically. information, the
If with RCA follow the instructions to the Connecting to You the to that VGA or BNC including PC and computers, and and You the Follow the instructions this section to: the to with the VGA included with the the to with VGA5BNC the to to: USB to that the as wireless to the as as the to with to
Connecting with the VGA Follow these instructions to to with the VGA that with and the turned off. If connecting the to the from the VGA that with the of the to the Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component) If to to the the Computer1(Component) the other of the to or If or and cant the to optional If to the and the Connecting Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions. VGA the
VGA-5BNC the If than connected to the the the Source Search the or the Comp1 or Comp2 the Connecting with VGA-5BNC If through BNC follow these instructions to the to with optional VGA-5BNC and the turned off. Disconnect the from the VGA to the Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component) If to to the the Computer1(Component) the BNC to BNC If to the and the Connecting the screws the VGA If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or the Comp1 or Comp2 the
Connecting USB the as wireless through show-style such as from to This easy to to To the wireless function, USB with USB and the of of these operating 98SE, or XP OS OS If using the from the of the USB to the USB the of the to USB If necessary, to with If to other and instructions. about using the as wireless the
LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or the Connecting If to as as the to the This while the turned and or switch the A/V the to off the when the connected to the Computer1(Component) the and off. Then the to the as shown: If to other and instructions.
Sound Through the its sound however, If to of the built-in and You from or of the to the the the other of the to headphone or or or If to other and it instructions. If to the sound from both. the the connected to the Computer2(Component) to the the the other of the to the the
The TV the Connecting to Sources You DVD VCR, player, as Microsoft PlayStation or GameCubeor other to You to four The HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the It RGB and The type of the RCA A/V the with or from RGB the VGA included with the the optional connecting to the to to sound from through the built-in instructions.
Connecting Source If connecting RCA A/V the and DVD or other turned off. the RCA of the to the yellow the the other of the to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or the the the
the Connecting Source If to higher which usually with or purchase from ELPSV01). information. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the and the other the of To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or the the
Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to or that RGB using the VGA that with the the and DVD or other off. of the VGA to the Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component) the the other to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the (RGB) or (RGB) as the which used, the Source Search the or the Comp1 or Comp2 which used, the the
the Connecting Source If them to higher which purchased from ELPKC19). information. the and DVD or other turned off. the of the to the Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component) the three of the the and To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and turn instructions. If than connected to Computer1 or Computer2 as the which the Source Search the or the Comp1 or Comp2 which used, the
Sound Through the The built-in with output of W. You sound from through the RCA-Style this to the to the of the to the to connected to the the to the to the and white the other of the to the If to other and instructions. To sound from the to the switch the the sound from the the
To sound from the to the switch the the sound from the the this to to the of the to the to to the the to the to the other of the to output If to other and instructions.
Projecting the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions using the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
the with the The heat the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter Then as below. If or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected to the manually. Turning On the Follow these to and the the and the of the to the the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned the light flashing
Turn or already. Press the top of the to (You the the Remote The and the light flashes as the The about seconds and the light If should or If to the only: If that found plug-and-play If the Source Search the or to switch to Then the DVD or other If prompted to To and the If to appear, What To If You with the as If the the first to the as the the when the This and Projecting
The of the selected appears the right of the Projecting Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of to the (such as and DVD If the of the following buttons the Comp1 Press this to through the following Computer1 (RGB) and Comp2 Press this to through the following options: (RGB) Press to Press to You the Source Search the or the projected. If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the off. selected the the section. Allow seconds the to the
the to the input selected. If using PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the If from and the the and to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or Projecting
If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then or Displays. Select VGA or LCD or and Click Select If with OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the Click top of the other
top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the necessary. Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) the Once to To or If the too high or too If the isnt To brightness, If displays incorrectly, To the and surroundings, You other to the imagesuch as the brightness, and aspect ratiousing the Chapter information. Select Projecting
Projecting Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Foot
Once the where release the to the foot To the height of the the foot the back of the If the the section. the The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or to manually the correction when using or Follow the below: To the the the the (or the arrow the to the then If OFF the to highlight this option and ON the that appears and to the the Projecting
You the buttons the to the ESC Arrow buttons To manually the correction the or buttons the to the of the correction, slightly You using the the Brightness The of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the brightness the of the and the Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to OFF the function
the You to the to that the and the which If or RGB the which bright The following the with bright input only). Sports TV bright or input only). when bright Theatre when bright when conforming to the Blackboard Choose this when to To the the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the Projecting
You the the You the each input the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You or off through the Projecting the You the the or to increase or the both the built-in and connected to the Press the to increase the or the to appears the while the the finished using the follow the recommended to If first; otherwise to to properly. To off the the the or You this (If to off, other or seconds Press the The the turned off, and the light With theres cool-down and immediately turning off the
If to the the Press the foot release and the to the front foot, as shown. the and the cord. Turn off and the If the awhile, the that with or protective Foot To the or the when the light or flashing
the Remote features from anywhere the to the and off, the of and the (The If and connected USB as Chapter the as wireless using the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to This chapter covers the following information: the and sound the as wireless the
Select through the input the Remote the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, or the and connected as Chapter Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the buttons the to switch the Press the Comp1 to the or connected to the Computer1(Component) Press the Comp2 to the or connected to the Computer2(Component) Press the to connected to the Press the to to the Press the Source Search to through of the input the the appears. The of the selected (such as Computer1 or appears the
Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the to off the and sound and This useful to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V The To turn the and sound back the or You such as or to the whenever the A/V information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however. Also, the to the action from the Press the or to Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair the to the to the selected to ESC A/V the Remote
You or to the aspect You the aspect ratio the the While the the to about. Press the to the SC to to the the Aspect Ratio If the the to the aspect Follow these Press the once to the aspect ratio to Press to to aspect
the as Wireless the as wireless or through show-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to To with the connected to the with USB as To the the To the the the the and the To (or left-click), the To right-click, the To the To and and the and the to where to To the or the Press the or to back Left-click or the Right-click the the Remote
The off when than seconds. This life. It helpful, when the carrying and the pushed. batteries, the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the using the of the Remote the The AAA Follow these when to them: Press the to the cover. the then the as shown. the cover. (It should
the the the or to on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the and clarity the input Selecting options and other information the security features Restoring the
the the The and the features: The the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The to the input You input the and aspect and tracking and The the the It allows to the and correction, to high or the of the and the while The the the the options, the or and or to as the or whenever the A/V the The Info information about and or The the factory
the buttons the to the and Follow these Press the the or to the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the or the and arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to The highlight to the first option that the or the and arrow buttons to through the of (The options which selected.) options Arrow buttons the
the highlighting the option to the the or or right arrow buttons the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the or the or right arrow buttons the to To from or the or arrow to highlight the then Press the to to the previous or to the the automatically. Press the to the
Colors and Clarity The to the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The options which selected: Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the and RGB and the
You High or the the the (or the and arrow buttons) and to of the following options: Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or with bright input only). Sports: TV bright or input only). bright Theatre: with (the or bright displays (the when from with Blackboard: Brightness or the the light and areas. and the or of the and the of to the
Sharpness or the the and of red, and the correctly, or the
the the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the You the Select the You of the following and RGB and
Press Then the (or and arrow buttons) and the to of the following this ON to the Turn off to to the Tracking from matching the internal clock to information about the Corrects or the with the tracking from the information about the the or arrow buttons to the the right, or this ON when or that interlaced-to-progressive fast-moving If while switch this to OFF Selects the from connected to the Computer1(Component) If this from to of the following: RGB or RGB or If repositioned the then the the to the the
the Selects the from connected to the Computer2(Component) If try this from to of the following: RGB or RGB or and this using PAL PAL60 the aspect ratio (ratio of to to and to finished the or The the the from brightness and to the of the Press the Select the
Press Then the (or and arrow buttons) and the to the following from to Automatically from to when the foot or retracted. (Not when from the or Select ON or OFF turned this function buttons the to this the off the the light to steady turning from three The Protect function first. Brightness Select when the too bright the The reduces electricity and Select High to the brightness. the Brightness the the the finished, or To the function from the the about seconds. the
The Screen option turned off the Protect turned the Selecting the to the the You the and/or projection, the the and the background and or the and the Press the Select the You the and their the right Press Then the (or the and arrow buttons) and the to the following or off. Background Color: the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. or of the when the turned Turn to the or whenever the turned information.
front of the front of the mounted from the Rear: the the mounted from the Direct this as as the cord. You to the the off the it input High the turn this to that the internal of the properly. Turn this off to Network ON to and other when the COM Turn USB the from with the EMP 21L software. This software from the (You the off and then to the Select the to the finished, or Direct turned the to the off, the light steady then the cord. the
You to of the the The the least hours. the and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and the Info You of the following RGB, RGB, RGB the of hours the used. The of the from about hours High to about hours brightness If the shown to or the information displayed red,
Source the input currently RGB and the input RGB and the input and the Refresh Rate RGB and the refresh Info RGB and information that the service technician. finished, or the Security To unauthorized of the the following: user that and/or when the A/V Assign this to the to the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the while the If the the displayed as the and/or Unauthorized turn off or This to theft and to the should the
If should to the and the to the the to proceed. If the Protect function ON that the recorded. to the Protect function or the the If assign the appears the whenever the turned If the incorrectly three the operation and to the cord, then it to redisplay the If incorrect the and to to Where To If using the awhile to that temporarily the that the reactivated and the used. the of the the button. Creating You to the and then as the and/or the that when the A/V button. The photograph, or other to The this the Follow these to the and to the the to the You from or such as VCR. Press the and the
the (or the arrow and to to the as and selection displays the the the or the arrow the to the of the to Once selected the the this choose and If to the selected, and and this and then the as and the the or other while the the Completed To the as the background when the A/V the and Select Background and Then and finished, to the The the option the ON If the to OFF the If the Protect function to ON the Background You to turn the function off first. Once the to its factory the
If already the Protect Release Starting the with this to the these buttons to the the Press the the about seconds the Protect Select and You the the Select and the the and the to The displayed as the appears. the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and Press the the about seconds the Protect To the ON Protect and Select ON then If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the every turned the to 0H
The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the turned the the and as the A/V selected the as the Background the of the when the Protect function Press to the Protect If the to the the the the passed, and the correctly, the to and the countdown to or this when to. Starting the with the function this when turn the Press the the as the buttons to the Once the correctly, the and the
To the seconds. the If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release to the If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To If incorrect the and to the the function, the buttons the Press the Select the and the (or and arrow buttons) to and the Select ON and Select and to the Press the
Restoring the The to their It the hours to their instructions the To and the to the to the or to The input and to their when To the input or the option the To the and the option the the
the
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the and the and or to cool the and overheating. The only should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the the
to the and the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the Clean the and and the of the hours of If they cleaned they become with This overheating and the the and clogged, the displays the The overheated To the and follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Turn the and the and the of the To the and recommends and other office If them (such as If the to or the torn, or to The V13H134A08) please to and Transporting the
and Transporting the If to the off, as shown. the as It should
the The typically about hours of high or hours It to the when: The or to The light flashing The the appears the when the To and the as as or the United States V13H010L34. please to Follow these to the Press the to off the hear the the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the cool). the screwdriver included with the to the screw holding the cover (the located top of the the cover then off. and Transporting the You to hours the used. Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of this warning the cool If the the shards to injury.
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the of the assembly. Touching the to seat the and the cover. If the properly or the cover the and Transporting the the screwdriver to the screws the (You cant the screws.) the as shown and straight Gently the If easily, facing the Once the its screws. Dont these screws
the (The should covered, and the top of the cover should with the top of the Then the cover and the screw. the as the section. the You the the to clear the the warning Follow these the and the Press the the or and the Then You the following: Select the option and You the following: and Transporting the the the If the the of hours that the used.
incurred and Transporting the Select and Press to to the or the to the the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first the carrying then firm using cushioning around the hand-carrying the to the carrying
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
to or Press to to the Press to selection On-Screen If the right or isnt pressing the the or The following choices or appears the with sound Follow these to Press the the or You the the the or the and arrow buttons the to option. Then the to the the or the and arrow buttons the to highlight the to Then the to the Press of these buttons to or Press to selection Press to to the
Highlight this choice Then the to the Press the to back If the to of the the the or the and right arrow buttons the to To the the If of the to the following What To the Lights The lights top of the the and when light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and try the recommended the following light light
light light light Flashing Flashing There internal the Turn the off and Flashing There with the or Turn the off and Flashing The or correctly; or the cover the cover or or reseat the necessary, as If these Flashing the with as as instructions. If to the there The overheated and turned off. about then turn back there of around and the the and If to overheat, to the Flashing Flashing The too the surrounding the C) and there of around and the Clean the and necessary. instructions. The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The the light to flashing and
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The or If the input off the to the and If the light the to the Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. If the switched off and then the light flashing and then the the or Computer1 or Computer2 the to the selected information. turned off the of the the Brightness the or High the Brightness the or The attached or the
Nothing appears the the VGA to and the Computer1(Component) It connected the to the Computer2(Component) the from connected to the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter the to or turned If connected and or to the Source Search the or the Comp1 Comp2 or the to the Allow seconds the to the If connected to If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or or CRT/LCD On the the LCD and the or both the
might to the the to that both the LCD and or If or with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or then If or with OS From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If the isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) The Not Supported displayed. XGA the or SVGA the and the the If necessary, as below. the selected the It should normally to
of the displayed. If from or RGB the the If this or from or to the the information. If of the using the the the to and to the the to aspect ratio (ratio of to height). correct. Ideally, should the or the to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: On the Apple choose Preferences then or OS On the Apple choose then or and Sound You to existing created them software information.
The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the upward, the the top. Turn correction as or the or buttons top of the the The or If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference.
The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD If from or the the If PAL this to PAL60 the securely connected both Select the Compatible If from the the or the the to tracking and automatically. If that the and Tracking the The the the the off. There or smears the Clean the as the You to the it from the within the the Sharpness the You should to the the immediately.
You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually using the as the with containing when these to appear as background. text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. selecting instructions. If the and the instructions. the Brightness and the the the the input the matches the from the If the too and connected or RGB to the Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component) Computer1 or Computer2 as the input If connected to of these or If of the used, exactly match the or
from or the selected the to the If the the nearing the hours as and necessary, as There sound. Press the the or to the If turned off the and sound, the A/V the to them If VCR or other its turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter the connected to the If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or The selected. Press the Source Search the the Comp1 Comp2 or the the
You the the that appears the Protect Release screen and Where To If turned the the and the The You the to the If necessary, purchase from about with the Remote The to commands. within of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). The correctly or the as the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater.
You the You the to features. If another from about You cant the with the the USB securely connected to both USB and the USB connected to the Computer1(Component) or Computer2(Component) the to with the USB selected as the COM the To the USB PC, clean of XP, or The correctly from If or to USB from CD-ROM. the both the and the to the
Where To technical through services hours as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
To purchase (U.S.) or please the following information ready: Product or Product (located the of the or of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized Please 800-GO-EPSON information and to the authorized To purchase the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active with MLA F=1.6, to (XGA) (SVGA) Brightness (ANSI) (High brightness ratio to inches to to to rear, sound aspect ratio ratio (High brightness correction
and Turn the off when reduce the of the Technical Specifications UHE About hours (High brightness); hours brightness) Remote feet AAA to inches (foot to inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, Supports USB
to F to C) to RH, to and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC60950 Third Edition EN EN to F to C) to RH, to with high DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Compatible You of the following VCR, DVD or The and RGB and the (HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The these international Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM TV525i TV625i
Compatible You the to of computers, including and Apple (including G3, G4 and G5 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. Although the of or from VGA through UXGA. To from the refresh thats with the the following the should to match the or If this isnt of the other Right-click the the and through to the Advanced the then the of the OS From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected, then the and OS On the Apple choose then or and Sound Click the and You to existing created them software Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications The these Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21
Notices his chapter includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily the properly grounded the with the following the to with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through the of the
Notices as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes