C the to the the to the the the other to or NOTE: If DVI to to the included or purchase optional DVI to VGA higher-quality the to the then the other grounded Turn the cover. the light and flashing. Press the to the The and the light flashes as the CAUTION: the To the properly: Press the The the off, and the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the the when the light or flashing light and flashing Follow these instructions to the to other options, the If turned and the Source Search the to the NOTE: If or other the troubleshooting the back of this the to the to the the to reduce or the (You the to or farther from the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or buttons to the to the
the If this first using the the to release the cover. Then the cover. the as shown and the cover. of the and Turn off and sound Choose which to Search the With the USB included with the the as wireless information the wireless function and of the NOTE: with the the to Telephone Services service, To the and the PIN the included with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services technical through services hours and to of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Printed XXX Turn the and off the and sound roubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing, and the cover off. Press the the to as the the function If using that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the If the and the If displays the or both, the following: the CRT/LCD or as On this the LCD and the or both the If that to both the LCD and the From the the the the then click Advanced The the to then the as and/or or OS From the Apple Preferences then Select the LCD Click the (or and OS or From the Apple then or and Sound Click the top of the other. If the option isnt the and CPD-18000