foot release lights USB Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of LCD inch F=2.0 to to Brightness (ANSI) ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound foot foot buttons A/V PS/2 aspect ratio ratio correction Projection foot release UHE High Efficiency) About hours ELPLP14 Remote AA Supports PS/2, USB, ADB to inches to inches inches Rated to supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C), to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 DOC ICES003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC, 92/31/EEC EN EPSON EPSON to F to C), to RH,
EPSON Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 VGA Text VGA Text SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 MACII13 MAC16 MAC19-60 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM The that displays of the EPSON Connector Assignments The Computer/Component RGB, The assignments GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND SDA SCL the and from the there of around and the the within of grounded outlet or and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing it the squarely.
the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to from If the below the of the to the as shown. the the to its the the as the chapter. If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the Starting the and other and connected correctly. Then as below, connected to You and both and connected, to switch to the as Turning On the Follow these to and the of the to the the other to grounded The light top of the indicating that the turned the the to the and the height the and the the with the The heat the the EPSON EPSON light
EPSON Press the top of the The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light Warning: the when the This and of the following: If or should projected. only: If that found If the Source top of the to switch to and the DVD player or other If to appear, the section What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting Press the Source top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the button.) If using You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then and Sound EPSON Click the Click light top of the other top of the other. If this option isnt to of the Click the Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to Check or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or Click Select
Focusing and the to the the to the and reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the the to of the instructions. the of If the too the the the foot release and the front of the This the the the this Once the where release the to the To the height of the the attached to the If the the section. the If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or If or of the to the of the correction, slightly You correction the the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. the received input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If using the the cord. If to the If first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the the the and the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing If VCR or other off off the and the the that with or protective EPSON EPSON light
EPSON Lights The lights top of the the and know when Light and action The You or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant turn the (and should the light flashing and off of internal the and EPSON flashing The This to following the instructions The as flashing There with the supply, or If necessary, the as flashing The too the surrounding the and there of around and the Clean the necessary. instructions. The overheating, which off the automatically. cool then back there of around and the If to overheat, to the instructions. flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON EPSON light light light the Remote The of features from anywhere the to You to the and off, the and highlight A/V highlighting the cover below the to these IR A/V Remote on/off R/C ON OFF
This the the Function or the the or the A/V off the and the or background. or reduces the from to Pressing the right of the the the of the reduces the To of which the the and the to the location. R/C ON/OFF Turns the or off. or the highlight. or freehand highlighting effects. the to the or to the as when the to with the The acts as left-click. buttons the the function. Pressing while displays the the Computer, the acts as right-click. or the Switches to Switches to the or subscreen the the to the (P P) or the to or reduce the to the location and to the the Switches to Switches the and VGA, UXGA, SVGA, and SXGA input. Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the The might to commands these the R/C ON/OFF switch the OFF light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the receiver; or other (such as heater). Correct these to the the The following the of the buttons top of the Function or the Source Switches Computer, and Selects option when the displayed. to correction to Select Scrolls through options when the displayed. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the EPSON EPSON Source Select the and the cleaning
EPSON Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the top of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. the to from To the EPSON and other office If the (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON to To the screwdriver to off. EPSON included. You should the when the To the first the then clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The warning light red, flashing red, or flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and the as as or EPSON ELPLP14 Follow these to the Turn off the then the cord. Allow the to cool least hour Warning the cool If the the shards to Turn the to the screwdriver to the screw the cover. (You cant the screw from the cover.) the screw off the cover.
screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown, and the straight the of the assembly. Touching the Gently the Once the its screws. the and its screw securely. (The the cover Optional Product Product and ELPLP14 Soft carrying Samsonite wheeled shoulder shoulder ATA mount ELPMB32 mount (1-inch ELPMBAPS mount (1.5-inch ELPMBAST MicroSaver security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch Insta-Theatre 80-inch Insta-Theatre microphone and ELPCVS1 ELPPAS1 (includes ELPAP01 and VGA to 13W3 connecting to ELPKC06 high-end workstations) Related CPD-11727 EPSON CPD-11728 EPSON Service TM-EMP703c EPSON EPSON ELPKS35 ELPKS31 ELPKS32 ELPKS30 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08