cover and and Security Security Remote RS-232C LAN foot and L-R input and off Searches Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch (XGA) Brightness (high brightness ratio to inches to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio to attaching mount correction Projection UHE High Efficiency) to hours (high or hours brightness) V13H010L45 arrows and correction Left/right arrows and
Remote AAA Height inches including inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, with Network with Network On to F to C) to F to C) Humidity to RH, to to United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the the following To from the refresh thats with the as shown the to RH, resized to the (XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV The resized using
Positioning the Follow these to the when the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord. the the The as shown below. If or overhead to the option from the the instructions.) If the the front or the back, to the temporary front projection. Choose from the Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose Rear from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. from the and The the and the the of the as shown below. The shows based where the other as those with the the of the the shown the should as the of or where to the try the the
Turning On the and other and connected correctly. Then as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected, to the manually. the and Follow these to and the of the the and the other grounded the light flashing and light Press the top of the or the the (If this first using the the If the Direct On to the to the the the light the ready to Warning: the when the This and The light flashes as the and to appear. the light flashing and about seconds) the ready If connected Windows-based to the New found
Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as or DVD If the using the Source Search the or the Source buttons the The Source buttons as follows: the Source Search to switch connected to the Computer1 Computer2 and The four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each button. that the Computer1 and Computer2 to input RGB or RGB connected to of these to the selected to match the You the input the the instructions. What To If You Screen If or with the the following: the connected correctly, as the and the light and flashing. If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or of the Source buttons the to the (Allow seconds the to appear the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the screen and the the following If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or with such as You to the while Allow seconds the to appear the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA selected. Click the the selected. Select the VGA
Turning the finished using the follow the below to This the of the and protects the from overheating. the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To off the Turn off this when to the of the Turn off and the To off the the the light steady the With theres cool-down the To the or the when the light or flashing the and The following sections to the and Focusing and the then the following: the to the the to reduce or the the the to increase the or the to If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the Height of If the too the the front to the front of the and the front to the of the Turn to height
If necessary, the height turning the front without the front of the the the to become shaped, the the or the as the section. the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the If the slightly (within of or the buttons the or the Correction to Corrected If or the off to of the screen directly front of the of the facing the squarely. Correction To when the top or the following: Press the or buttons the with the of the The slightly shorter the the the and From the and the the to the as Correcting If the connected to and the right, the the (or the the This the and You this to The with turned to the automatically. If appear the and the the the Tracking the instructions. If the appears or and the the the the instructions. the You the buttons the or to increase or the the built-in or connected to the Press the to increase the or the to buttons You the using the the instructions.
Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the On the the Source Search to switch connected to the Computer1 Computer2 and On the the four Source buttons to switch to the each the screen the appears. Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and (If connected to the This to temporarily redirect without the distraction of bright To off the the A/V The To turn the back the You such as the whenever the A/V Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the Source buttons You of the the the Press the the You cross-hair indicating the of the the to the cross-hair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the to to the the Aspect Ratio If the Aspect the to the aspect to height) ratio from You to or or (to or You to or Normal Press the Aspect to through the options. You the aspect ratio the the
or More with the If using than the selected onesby the ID To to the ID to match that of the the once the ID to the ID The ID to This to commands from To the ID, follow these Press the the Select ID the to highlight the ID, and to to the the Remote ID The ID This To to follow these the the to to If ID other than the ID of to the ID each the Press and the ID the While holding the ID numbered the through to the ID. Select to or to match the ID of the to the ID, whether the with the the to Press the ID the You the screen of these: If the the On then the to that If then to the ID of the and/or Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light to the following of the lights and their light
Light The You or the to turn Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing High Warning. Although this the too high there of around and the and that the clean. Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the that the securely If the when the there with the using the the cord, and flow. If that the clogged, that the clean. If clogged, or with There with the or Stop the the and The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling about then the cord. the back and the the F C) and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as If the to overheat the the to the cooling or Warning: as specifically the to service this yourself. If the optional the try the following: If the high or higher), High to On the the instructions.) You to the Brightness to the the the If the the the from the and The the cover securely If thats the the and as If this the The cracked or incorrectly. the cracked, (as the If the and the the The of internal the and
the The line-of-sight It the features from anywhere the to (This shorter the If the to commands, the following: If the the first the The correctly or To the Remote the within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. the receivers turned off the the information.) the Navigation The that the and they the to highlight the batteries, then the as shown. The buttons that its Remote the follow the below to them. The AAA The off when than seconds. This life. It helpful, when the carrying and the pushed. batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the using the of Press the and to the cover. Arrow buttons
the cover. it clicks Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the cloth cleaning to the this the coating. Cleaning the Clean the when of the following The clogged. Clean or the or or the clogs and overheating and the If the optional follow these instructions to Follow these Turn off the and the cord. the cover the To clean the recommends and other office If clean the using (such as You the to both If the tobacco cleaned. the as below. finished cleaning the the cover and the as If the to or the as the section.
the the (or optional when the or the clogs and overheating and the To or authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Follow these Turn off the and the cord. the cover the the straight from the the with the facing the front of the the cover. the as the section. the the and Press the the from the then the then finished, to the The shows 0H the least hours. the Although and the typically about hours high or hours brightness It to the when: The or to The the appears the and when the and the light flashes To brightness and the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt Turn off the when to the of the You the the option the Info the information.) authorized and V13H010L45 To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Follow these to the Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool the that the and should to the cool least hour The immediately
To release the cover, the screwdriver included with the as shown, then the cover. the screws holding the cant them). the straight The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the Once the its screws and the cover. (The the cover the as the section. the the to the the the and Press the the Hours from the then The shows 0H the least hours. the then finished, to the Transporting the The and Follow these to or hand-carrying the should the to only to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell and then firm cushioning around the incurred
Optional You purchase from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Accessory V13H010L45 High mount Security bracket/cabling security ELPSL01 Projection 80-inch TM and aspect 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 83.6-inch pull-down aspect Distribution ELPDA01 ELPDC05 high V12H162020 V13H134A11 V13H134A12 ELPMBUNI ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPMBACC ELPMBSEC EPLSC80 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPSV01 ELPKC19 Related CPD-24718 CPD-24719 CPD-24720 (Spanish) CPD-24721 CPD-24722 CD-ROM containing the English, Spanish, and CPD-24723 Declaration of Conformity/Warranty English and