TM
lightweight that high-quality, anywhere and DVD, or Follow the instructions this to: Choose location the and sound the the CD instructions, including or TV receiver, MP3 optional subwoofer, sound and Please follow these as the instructions: Warning: to to to Notes information about Welcome
and Warranty with two-year carry-in warranty. offers Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service to You using the CD that the products, and services. SM
Unpacking and Follow these instructions to and Unpacking the shown CD with Unpacking and
Choosing You about anywherein the or You with optional or mounted or white The following four To choose white with smooth to coating the with to the quality. the the CD. Unpacking and
to directly front of the or to straight to the If the too too high, or off to the the to the instructions). The farther from the or the the If 80-inch about from the or The following shows the (measured should to heat or sunlight, or of These factors to internal the warranty Unpacking and
If following the instructions included with the the instructions to the the the the to bright light using the The the If to front of and to the DVD the section: the cover, then the and The and lights and
Watching and easy to Follow the instructions this section to the and sound the Starting DVD DVD the Warning: the appears, the and allow children or to the The bright light about seconds, and the To the the or buttons the or the Watching
the Once to If the too too high, or off to the the to its The the both and vertically the amount. the the then the to the right or the the to reduce or the to the Watching Left/right
If the high enough, If rotated the top section that the from the the If without rotating the top section and to the the (when the (when top top section rotated) section rotated) If the its the buttons the to the the to the Watching
the of the the or the to height (aspect manually necessary. You or non-widescreen the the and or Normal. aspect that slightly stretched. aspect with the top and slightly off. Normal the its aspect To the the to to The off, the arrow buttons the to around the the to to then back to the the You the to based the lighting the the the brightest and when or when of the other the Press The currently selected displayed the Press to the then the Watching
You from the following the with bright light. with the or closed. Theatre: with the or closed and the lights off. both this and Theatre the tones. Theatre completely high-speed bright only with and Turning On the Light light the or temporarily. This when to popcorn! To and light the the the or To Pressing of the following buttons or the off and the the off, and to the to Turning To DVD, the or Press the to the DVD, then from the Press The off. cools the cover and the Watching
If the to the the CD troubleshooting appears the turned (the light If the On light flashing to the cover The off the the to its Press the or the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. The off the than The or of the using the instructions. There the Clean the with lens-cleaning or cloth. the If from hour using If and hour or the from the than and farther than If using the that You to the to reduce the amount of correction relative to the the to the
The the top or to or the causing to become the or the to the If to the to reduce the of height the top and of the and then the to the You to this and The the or right to the the the to the The the switch the to to the buttons, or to to the other of these buttons. within of and within of its front or back (approximately or right, and or below). You to the batteries. theyre with the and as shown the of the If might with third-party
Where To these technical services: U.S. or Select to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to representative, and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Notices Instructions Follow these instructions when and as specifically the the CD, to service this yourself. servicing to service cover the the and covers. the The and its from to of suffocation. the when the the bright light the when Dont the or Also, the or heavy through the or the the near or of heat or to or the playback. the with cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the from the outlet cleaning. to the immediately Doing serious burns. the off the and hour the to cool completely. The and easily If the the with to from and to the the the the of increases. the appears, the with as as The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Notices
The this high internal and If the to mercury the from or with the or mouth. to the while to or with the the If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately the type of indicated the If of the the If the country other than where purchased the that country. the outlet where the easily Dont the where the This or to the Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont the with Dont cords, or This fire or shock. the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or humidity; normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing If there the otherwise shock. the and when the the the of the reach of and If they immediately. the as as they to heat or of to the the Notices
Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. Dont the or top of heat-producing or heated such as Dont the of the to F). Doing and to Dont the of the to F) or sunlight of Doing to the there least inches of the and the or other there least inches of the and the or other high-contrast than to burn-in. If this bright the burn-in (from to If cant the burn-in, as turn the too high, when headphones. to high sounds hearing. high the WARNING: The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. Notices
What To Correct If service, to the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer as instructed its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or previously refurbished to the of and option, the another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. However, each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers of the 24-hour-per-day or other high and This warranty cover other than as This warranty warranty service should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If claimed or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSON'S ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and Notices
allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized www.epson.com. To the Customer You the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located MS Airport CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TWD10 Notices
FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 Notices United States WARNING
Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Copyrighted This with protection. The property rights to the of this protection the of and others. employing this technology, from the Company. The authorize the of this of including disassembly, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited. and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Notices
CPD-24152 Printed XXXXXX XX.XX-XX XXX