705HD the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following to and the to switch them. RCA (optional) HDMI (optional) (optional) (optional) (optional) or USB or other USB to the USB You the Slideshow to JPEG the CD. Turn Turn the the A/V the Press the the or light The light flashes then NOTE: To the the then You to the to cool the If the Source Search the or the to the To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Turn the to the To reduce or the the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. or If or the the to the the as shown included AA batteries). Turn and off Turn off and sound aspect ratio Access Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to (Allow seconds the to If the The to the the Where to information about using the the from CD. Telephone Services To the the PIN the included with This service AM to PM, through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM, through Choose which to AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg. and of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27616 service, and
Turn Turn the the A/V the RCA (optional) HDMI (optional) (optional) Press the the or The light flashes then To the the NOTE: then You to the to cool the the Source Search If the or the to the To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot Turn the to the To reduce or the the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. or If or the buttons the to 705HD the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following to and the to switch them. (optional) (optional) or USB or other USB to the USB You the Slideshow to JPEG the CD. the the as shown included AA Turn and off which to Turn off and sound aspect ratio to light Access Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and and the A/V the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to (Allow seconds the to If the The to the the Where to information about the the from CD. Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service AM to PM, through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM, through AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg. and of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27616
705HD instructions CD RCA VGA USB USB USB USB photo fonction SlideShow afficher JPEG. CD A/V A/V) HDMI bouton bouton bouton bouton bouton REMARQUE hors bouton bouton Source Search bouton bouton tout boutons AA incluses). hors A/V dinformation.) bouton Source Search afficher. bouton, synchronisation tout dinformation CD Service NIP service offert toute afficher Commande promotions offres CD inclus www.epson.com/webreg. Corporation. Inc. tous Linformation Inc. XXXXXX
RCA A/V) A/V HDMI bouton VGA bouton bouton bouton bouton hors REMARQUE bouton Source Search bouton bouton bouton 705HD instructions CD brancher USB photo USB USB USB photo fonction SlideShow CD afficher JPEG. tourner tourner tout boutons AA incluses). hors afficher A/V dinformation.) bouton Source Search bouton, synchronisation tout dinformation CD Service NIP service offert toute promotions offres CD inclus www.epson.com/webreg. Corporation. America, Inc. tous Linformation Inc. XXXXXX