EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON CPD-11736
memory light memory foot release foot lights PS/2 USB foot release foot A/V action Turn off and sound or highlighting Turn on/off A/V Turn on/off R/C ON OFF and Right A/V A/V R/C ON OFF Select R/C ON OFF Select
EPSON
WARNING the when the the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON service EPSON and and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-11736
EPSON that offer to ANSI of brightness. From to and bright and ordinary lighting. The EPSON without attaching to the and and to the memory You rearrange from or automatically. of or Three 0.9-inch ratio incredibly and clear and to theater-quality performance. With the displays from VGA through UXGA (through SXGA the You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. You of the following VCR, DVD player, or HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM
the from of or of these options: Projecting without With the EMP software from and of effects. Then with the and instructions. Connecting to or other If to to PC or To to or workstation, A. Connecting to You DVD VCR, or other to You both and the and easily switch them. instructions. the The switch from to or with to and other features. connecting the as wireless This through computer-based (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, to the built-in or other You or to the
To the to and fast, the that This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about Reading This CD-ROM includes of this You to it with when the To to the CD-ROM CD-ROM the and or the this first You to through the Click the of the of the to to the topic of the arrow buttons the or the the right of the to through the previous If from the CD-ROM. Welcome
You to software to with to to without If text and the to to to related topic. information, More Information where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. Includes warranty brochures, CD-ROMs, and EPSON this the and the with the instructions to and connected to or from the the or the Download and to EPSON CD-ROMs with CD-ROMs. The CD-ROM and includes the of this as as to On the CD-ROM, the software that to to the features.
If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the the warranty included customers who their EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or overnight the To the CD-ROM that with and products, and services. You through the or or the to or
memory and the RCA AV USB PS/2 the the the shown below: A/V R/C ON OFF to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying (such as the optional from EPSON). information about EPSON CD-ROM to CD-ROM computer-free PS/2 MOUSE
Additional to the To directly to the memory the USB To (One usually with To from VCR or other to 3BNC from EPSON). To through the sound or to this and the shown from EPSON; to VGA to the as wireless If USB to the
Optional Accessories To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product and ELPLP14 Soft carrying Samsonite wheeled shoulder shoulder ATA mount ELPMB34 mount (1-inch ELPMBAPS mount (1.5-inch ELPMBAST MicroSaver security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch Insta-Theatre 80-inch Insta-Theatre microphone and ELPCVS1 ELPPAS1 (includes ELPAP01 and VGA to 13W3 connecting to ELPKC06 high-end workstations) to 3BNC) ELPKC19 You purchase these from or EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS35 ELPKS31 ELPKS32 ELPKS30 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08
the his chapter to the and to or If to the to or workstation A. the directly from the without and information using the and Then to and to learn to EasyMP. instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to the
Dont or the the or Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the Positioning the the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the the within of grounded or cord. If using and/or them within of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. to the front of the leaving as as the and the to This the the front of the the and enough to the to to the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to from
If the below the of the to the as shown. Tilting the the to its the the as the chapter. If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the If using the to directly from the to the of this chapter. Once the positioned, and the as Chapter If already the memory as Chapter If instructions creating that without Chapter height the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON;
To to and other A. If with RCA follow the instructions connecting to the location of the to the Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and Connecting the and the turned off. of the to the the other of the to or If using and cant the to the as shown from EPSON; Tighten the screws the
If to other and instructions. Connecting the Remote the as wireless through slideshow-style such as from to This flexibility to and the whether round or USB the whether round PS/2 or USB of the to the Mouse/Com as shown. PS/2 connecting USB the other of the to the or USB Mouse/Com USB PS/2 USB the If using that round to the
the If necessary, to with If to other and instructions. Amplifying its sound however, If or sound quality, to of the built-in and You from or of the to the the the other of the to headphone or locations of which to If to other and instructions.
Connecting to Sources You DVD player, VCR, or other to The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the The and You the to or of these the however, from The type of whether or the RCA AV included with the the optional EPSON to 3BNC, ELPKC19). the with or from the following of which type of BNC RCA If than type of and higher than Follow the instructions below type of the The TV
the Connecting the RCA AV the and DVD or other turned off. the of the AV to the the other of the to the the AV to the and right the the white the and the the the the other of the to the RCA AV
Connecting If to higher which included with or purchased. the and DVD player or other turned off. of the the other the of the RCA AV to the and right the (Match the and white to the and white to the the the other of the to the the
the Connecting If them to higher However, to 3BNC), which purchased from EPSON (ELPKC19). the and DVD player or other turned off. the of the to the Computer/Component the three of the the and the RCA AV to the and right the (Match the and white to the and white to the yellow the the other of the AV to the the the to the to or information.
the the ready to the and You the built-in to without to other as the to or as Chapter and A. Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
the Turning On (and optional and connected correctly, as Chapter or A. Then turn as below, connected to You and both and connected, to switch to the as Turning On the Follow these to and the of the to the the other to grounded The light top of the indicating that the turned the the to the and the light
the and the Press the top of the The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light You the or that the memory and to automatically. light the with the The heat the the warning the when the This and the
the of the following: If without the the the to then to information. If automatically, to to If turn or should projected. If or instead, the Source top of the to switch to the only: If that it found plug-and-play If the Source top of the to switch to and the DVD or other If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and from overheating. What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly, as or other the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting
Press the Source top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the If You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then and Sound. Click the Click top of the other top of the other. If this option isnt to of the Click the Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Select the
the If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to pressing or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or the Once to To or If the too high or too If the isnt If the incorrect, to the the information.
Focusing and the to the the to the and reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the the to of the instructions. the of If the too the the the foot release and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the attached to the If the the section. the the this the
the the If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or of If or the to the of the correction, slightly You correction the
the finished using the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the the the and the cord. If VCR or other off off the and the the that with or protective light the received input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If using the the cord. If to the To the or the when the light or flashing the
the
the Remote features from anywhere the to You to the and off, of and highlight You the without Chapter information about EasyMP. If and the (as Chapter or A), the as wireless This chapter covers the following information: Turning and the the and sound Highlighting the as wireless the
batteries, the following Dont and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the of A/V R/C ON OFF on/off switch light the Remote Turning On and the the to its and turn as below. Follow these to or the batteries: Press the to release the cover. the cover and the AA included with the as shown. the cover. Turning On the Remote Then the on/off switch the of the to If to the the round light The other buttons the should light temporarily. If they to the as Turn off the or This the from something of the buttons.
the the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to the following instructions. to the to the Press the of the with thumbor and and the to To buttons, the cover below the as shown below: the
A/V R/C ON OFF Select Select Select Select the Remote the and Sound You the to the temporarily off the and sound, the action, the or and connected as Chapter or A. Switching Sources If connected to and/or the the to switch the Press the to Press the to the memory Press the to Press the to After the the appears. the If connected to the the sound thats through the To increase the the right of the To reduce the the of the
Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To off the the A/V The To the back the Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the the Press the right of the to Press the repeatedly to it to four Press and the to to the the to around the necessary. Press the of the to You the repeatedly, or and to the You the to to the Turn off or the Remote You such as the whenever the A/V instructions. Stop action A/V R/C ON OFF
A/V R/C ON OFF the Remote the to resized to the or If of displayed, with the Press the the The the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and If (using the the the to to the You and the as First connected VCR or other using RCA or as Chapter If to the option as Press the the The and then appears the appears the of the to and the the to the the You the to or reduce the
the located and the the The and the finished the the The disappears. Highlighting You highlight the the buttons the You these effects to or to highlighting or Spotlight You the highlighting through the instructions. spotlight the Remote A/V R/C ON OFF
You the to You the Effect to the and of the the Remote the You the to arrow anywhere To the the appears the of the the to the where To the the the of the You then to with another around the or wherever To the the To the Highlights You outline the to highlight of or To the the appears the of the This the the to the where to the Press the of the You the this of the the to the to where the of the to Press the of the You the outlined the You the repeating through To the To the
Spotlighting With the Spotlight tool, highlight of the To the spotlight the The and of light appears of the the button to the spotlight where To the spotlight, You the of the Spotlight using the Effect and Highlights With the the to or highlight To the the appears the the to the and the To the the Remote You the and of the and from to the Effect
A/V R/C ON OFF To left-click, To right-click, the Remote the Remote as Wireless the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to With the to back and the memory Chapter information. To with the connected the the and as or other To the the the the and the of the with thumbor and and the to This the To (or left-click), the of the This or To right-click, the To the To and the and then the to
Creating without Once the software, and to Then the to the memory and or with the from scratch combining and the EMP software You with of existing JPG or BMP graphics This chapter includes instructions the following: Accessing the memory Creating to the Creating Presentations
Creating Accessing the Memory Card To the memory to or USB to the the the instructions to of the following: the memory from the and PCMCIA or PC USB to to the and the This directly to the memory the with only.) the Memory Card from the to If or PCMCIA or PC the memory to First to from the and the (the light off) Press the below the The
Press the The memory released, and from the the Press the to the the PCMCIA or instructions. with the to and to the If memory cards, of the following type II memory cards. PC CompactFlash Memory ATA PC If to the memory from the as shown: This the back of the Creating Presentations Press the to the the carrying or
and USB to the as wireless information. Creating Presentations Accessing the Memory Card Through USB If USB (and factory-installed of to the memory the This PCMCIA or PC shielded USB AB interface from to the USB from the CD-ROM. the of the USB to the USB the of the the to USB and the and the You the New Click (If Next and follow the instructions the to the USB the Software CD-ROM Double-click Computer, then the Double-click each of these to them: Double-click and follow the instructions the to the USB the finished, to then
You the software to the features. the the below: IBM with least II or higher recommended) Microsoft NT or (USB with or NT At least 32MB of RAM (96MB or recommended) At least 12MB of free VGA or and the Software the Software CD-ROM that with and follow these to the software. the Software CD-ROM The automatically. If automatically, Computer, the then Select and OK Follow the instructions the to the and the software. the Complete to then Once the EMP Creating
Creating Creating of and/or that without The to to and the EMP The automatically, and to the You from scratch the EMP software to and and other features. Creating and The and the to this existing that to to the the to or the the EMP closed. Then the top of the EMP EMP and You the shown the as each converted.
the the EMP At this or and other features to instructions. Click the or choose from the EMP and within choose from the and and location Once to the memory PCMCIA or the instructions. Creating Presentations
Creating Creating New this when to from and/or include the software EMP To the software, the You the EMP selection Choose New from the You the
with the The location the and the choose location. The background appears around that the You choose Click OK when finished with with the instructions the section to and Building Once created, existing and You the following three of (SR-1 or higher) or JPEG with .JPG with .BMP or .DIB Follow these to the selection and to that to include JPG, and BMP appear as the as shown to the right. Creating Presentations
Creating Presentations and the to the To include the the background, and the appear the the from the Each appears the as The background to the type of the active (yellow) BMP JPEG
If to rearrange and them as within the finished and to and other the sections instructions. EMP to manually or specified of You choose from of or Click the to the To than the Ctrl while click. To the choose Select from the Selected yellow. Right-click the selected or The appears: Click The appears: Click to manually Click to Creating Click to effects
Creating Choose to to the If to manually, On click. If to automatically, the the Automatically You of and seconds To the Effect and choose from the finished the the selected or OK through as necessary. Click the or choose from the If to include or with the the section. If ready to to the Access or or to easily switch the of You to switch manually or and specify the of switching back to to within Right-click the where to switch the to follow the switch). You the as shown the Choose Source appears The initially to PC access). This that connected to the the where the the to as the following
Right-click the and choose from the The Source appears: Select If to switch to rather than If to the the DVD or other Choose to to the If to manually, On click. If to automatically, the the Automatically You of and seconds finished the click OK To choose to to the right-click the and choose from the the as finished creating the or choose from the Once follow the instructions the section to to the memory Creating Presentations
The USB only with factory-installed of or It with or NT and might Creating to the Once to the memory The from .SIC to .SIT .SIT played the to the PCMCIA or or through USB to the instructions the memory From the Option choose You selection Choose the where locatedeither PCMCIA or or the Click OK. You Click OK You that the of the to the the following about The that the whenever the turned (with the memory the Click to memory
of the following: If the to automatically, to to the and the If to automatically, with the following instructions. You the the arrow the the appear the that to appears the right. You and the arrow the of the to them from to the other. If to automatically, the then the right arrow to to the To the built-in (EASYMP.SIT) from automatically, the then the arrow to off the Click the Continuous to continuously. Clear the to once. to right arrow Creating Presentations If to the the built-in (or other the Option and
Creating Presentations of the following: If the memory the as If the and the to instructions the If or first to to or the the below the memory Then the memory (and the as shown. the the back of the Once the the follow the instructions Chapter to
Presenting Without from the without You to and downloading the to the memory Chapter instructions. Once the the memory the or with the You rearrange and from or other This chapter covers the following: Presenting Editing and back Presenting Without
A/V R/C ON OFF Presenting Without Presenting If to when the the If the each seconds. each manually, as To the or to EMP the or the as Follow these to Turn the Chapter instructions. If to as as the You to the immediately, or to the previous If to to manually. with the following Press the the You the and
of appear the each the the .SIT the the to highlight (SCN002.SIT, Press Each seconds to click). You to the immediately, or to the previous To the the the You Press to to the Manually to automatically, manually. Press the the to the EasyMP the the to highlight the Press the the to highlight the Press to the first to each Press to the previous To the the the You Press to to the Presenting Without You EMP of using without
Presenting Without Editing You the of the things the the and You the function to rearrange or Press the the to the the the to highlight You the following: Click to Press the the to the the of the selected
the to highlight then to You thumbnail of the To the to highlight the to Then white (or appears to the of the the to the highlight where the to appear. Then The to the To the to highlight the to Then to the the of the the to highlight the Display/Hide Then to to Presenting Without
Presenting Without The appears Select to If and to the the to the of the following: To then the to highlight the Then You to the If to then the to highlight the Then You to the without To and the edited then the to highlight the Then and the edited
the Continuous You to continuously or to through only once. Press the the to the the the to highlight You the following: Click to Press the the to the the of the the to highlight the then to You the Continuous the to the to (to or (to once). Then to Press the the to the the of the of the following: To with the the then to highlight To to the the then to highlight selected Presenting Without
Presenting Without each the memory thumbnails and the the Press the the to the the the to highlight the Press to the the of the To the the to highlight then to You thumbnail of the or other the
Press to the the to highlight Press to the first the Press to to the pressing to each Press to the Press the to the You Press to to the and Other each the memory the and other features. from or other Press the the to the the to highlight the Press to the the of the the to highlight then You options the following: Presenting Without You of these using EMP
Presenting Without the to the following choice each option, to the whether to the of or the switching the each or Choose Click to manually. Choose alphabetically or Select background The choose displayed the background that the finished to the the of the of the following: To slideshow with the the Press to to highlight the or To to the the to Press to to the highlight
displayed the and the memory You from or Once or of them back through the Memory Card You the built-in to and the memory the from or such as VCR or Press the the You the Press the to highlight the Advanced About Press to highlight and to You the shown the right. Select and the this and the the or other while the :Select Presenting Without the to the Memory Card? :Select
Presenting Without the This as CAP_001.JPG the Memory Card, the to the the CAPTURE the memory You them and them back through the as other the Press the the to the the the to highlight the CAPTURE Press to the
You the the To the to highlight then to To to the To to the the to highlight the Then You back as and the playback and other to instructions. Presenting Without
Presenting Without
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. You the highlighting and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound the highlighting Creating and other information Restoring the the
the the The and the from the The the and of the It the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and Contrast. The the and The Effect the and the highlighting the The allows to or features such as the (P P) A/V option, and The and or which then as or with the A/V option. You and the memory as The Advanced including and or The About information about and or The the factory the
You the the to the and Follow these To the the the You the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. Press or the to through the the highlighted, the to The highlight to the first option that the to through the of (If or isnt connected, options the to the the selected option. highlight. Press the to to the Press (or the button) to the options Tracking Brightness Sharpness Advanced About :Select Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF the A/V R/C ON OFF If to back to the and then
Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About :Select or the the The to the The options the which selected: EasyMP, or or Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Normal Select Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal :Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal RGB YUV( ON :Select OFF
Repositioning the Follow these to the Press the You the Press to the Press to the option. You the following the right of the the to the right, or the the Appearance Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the to of the following Tracking only) from matching the internal clock to only) Corrects or the with the tracking from the Brightness or the the light and areas. the If repositioned the the the to the
the or only) the or intensity of the only) the of to the Sharpness or the Choose with bright (such as charts or Normal the or to this RGB when to the Computer/Component connected, choose or the type of (You which the of the this ON to the Turn off to to the the correctly, or the Sound You the to the sound or Press the button. You the the to highlight
You the following: Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the the to the following options: Tone finished the sound, or the Highlighting The highlighting and other of to as to You the Effect to these and the highlighting. The option the highlighting to their Press the You the the to highlight Effect Tone the
the You the Advanced About :Select Press to the the to Cursor/Stamp the and the the and length. the and choose from or with rounded or corners. Spotlight choose or spotlight. the and and choose and Cursor choose or high highlighting. the to selections. finished the highlighting or selection(s) Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor
Creating You to the and then as the when the You to when the A/V or as The photograph, or other to You the to and the memory instructions. the the to the You from or such as VCR or Then follow these to the and it to the Press the the You the the to highlight the Effect Advanced About :Select the to highlight and to You the shown the right. Select and selection the the
You as the Advanced to the the the to the of the to Once selected the the this and If to the selected, and through You the the the the to and then the the and the the or other while the the the completed, or the as the and/or the thats displayed when the A/V Press the to the already displayed). the to highlight Press to the the to highlight the to This as the when the If to as the A/V the to to A/V the to This as the displayed when the A/V finished, or
To the A/V to Press to off the You the to the the and other features. Press the the button to highlight You the features and their the right Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the the to the following options: from to from to the Selects the and to when the The displays that to the instructions to as the Prompt A/V OFF Black ON OFF Black ON OFF the
the Prompt off the text that appears when switch from input to A/V Selects the or to when the A/V The displays that to the instructions to the A/V the Normally, the off when the input finished, or Advanced You the Advanced to the or mounting, and other features. Press the the to highlight Advanced You the features and their the right Advanced About :Select Press to the Advanced Select [English] ON OFF RGB Select Rear ON OFF ON OFF
the to the following options: Select from to the Turn to the or whenever the information. the of the Select and to and K. Select RGB and to red, and as shown the right. Turn to from Turn when the mounted from the finished, or and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the You the the to About the
If the About when the to only the and the the You the hours and the right: Effect Advanced About :Select The of the about hours. If the shown to finished, or Restoring the The option the to their Effect Advanced About :Select and the the to the Select to the or to ON Source RGB Negative On SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the top of the to cool the and from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the Transporting the and Transporting the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the the and the cleaning
Cleaning and the Clean the top of the hours of If cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. the to and from To the EPSON recommends and other office If clean the (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON the United States and to included. You should the when the and Transporting the
You to hours the used. and Transporting the If to the screwdriver to off. To the first the then clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The warning light flashing or The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and the as as or EPSON the United States and ELPLP14
Follow these to the Turn off the then the cord. Allow the to cool least hour Turn the to the screwdriver to the screw the cover. (You cant the screw from the cover.) the screw off the cover. screwdriver to the screws the (You cant these screws.) the as shown, and the straight and Transporting the warning the cool If the the to
the of the assembly. Touching the EPSON incurred and Transporting the Gently the Once the its screws. the cover and its screw securely. (The the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the transporting the business first carrying (such as optional EPSON then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to it carrying (such as optional EPSON If to the the carrying to off the switch its This the from something of the buttons.
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the the The following choices the the sound selection Follow these to Press the the or the You the Press the of the Select the (or the the to highlight of the options. Then the Source to Press the of the Select the (or the the to highlight the to Then the Source to the Highlight this choice Then the Source) to the Highlight and the Source to back If the to of the the of the Select the (or the the to To the the If of the to the following
What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended below. The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the The light the connected securely both the and the If the the cover securely The warning light or flashing red. the as light light light
as specifically this to service this yourself. The light flashing The high-temperature cooling the F and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as The light red. The overheated and turned off. the cool then back the F and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as If the to overheat clean the the caused to the cooling or internal EPSON
to the following of the lights and their lights Light The You or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and flashing off of internal the and EPSON The as flashing The This to instructions. flashing There with the If necessary, the as flashing The high-temperature cooling the surrounding the and there of around and the Clean the necessary. instructions. The overheated and turned off. cool then back there of around and the If to overheat, to the instructions. flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The If the light the to turn the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the Brightness the correct. information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter or A. restarting If connected and or to the Source the or the or the to the Allow seconds the to the
If using PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If From the Apple then and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) The Not Supported displayed. UXGA the or SXGA the and the the If necessary, as
of the displayed. Press the the the the information. the the information. correct. Ideally, should to match the the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and the to On the Apple choose then and Sound Select You to existing created them software information. The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the the the the top. the or of the top of the the
The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the the using the the You to the from the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the Tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory
of the used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the and If further the Tracking and manually using the as the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt try text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. If the option the to or coloring. If the and the the option the Advanced the the information. to the
There sound. turning the Press the right of the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or or other the turned the or to You to this right-clicking the sound the A/V The selected. Press the Source the the or the the
A/V R/C ON OFF on/off switch with the Remote The to commands. the turned within of the and within of the front or back to or right and or below). The correctly or To the batteries, the light The other buttons the should light temporarily. If they to the as the lights and off the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant the with the the securely connected to both or USB and the or other To the USB PC, clean of (SR2), or The correctly from USB OS9 or higher
displayed with appears distorted. of their JPEG displayed correctly. JPEG from with high ratio appear EMP appear the EMP created this of and or EMP thumbnails and cant If the MS Office JPEG the Office the and option, and the JPEG You cant EMP they to the memory they to the .SIT You only they the .SIC You cant the memory the through the USB To the USB clean of (SR2), or The correctly from the the memory
the or memory the memory the the instructions. the following from the memory with (.SIT), JPEG (.JPG), and (.BMP). the memory the Press the the to the and JPEG displayed. Also, and that displayed. This displayed with greater than displayed. displayed. with converted them. The memory and You when the USB connected to the the USB and
Where To EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as the following and telephone services Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Automated Telephone of services hours Services To these services, tone telephone and Access and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or apply.
please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or www.epson.com (U.S. only). please
A: Connecting to Additional his to the to or or high-end workstation. The following information covered: the Connecting to PC Connecting to Connecting to high-end workstation A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional the The three front mounting, or To from overhead, to the Advanced To from the rear, Rear information. If ceiling-mounting the and to to the This the to its You then the using the function the If the with the top of the the and to If the than the top of the to the to the whole with the Connecting to The internal enough and sound quality, the to or (PA) If connected and the switch the whenever switch To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 which included with sound or purchased from
the and or PA turned off. the to the the RCA to the or PA the the and the white the of the Connecting to PC You the to IBM PC. This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to the as Connecting optional with the to the Follow the each section the to off the and they A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the the from the the back of the of the to the the other of the to the the screws the
Connecting the To the as follow the below. whether round PS/2 or USB of the to the Mouse/Com or the USB as shown. USB connecting PS/2 Disconnect from the the back of and with the other of the while the as A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in The from or of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound
Connecting to You the to This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the Connecting the to as Connecting optional with the to Macintosh, the Follow the each section the to off the and they Connecting the Follow these to the You to the as shown. the from the the back of the Macintosh. of the to the as shown. the other of the to the the A: Connecting to Additional the location of the to which purchase from EPSON;
A: Connecting to Additional If to which from EPSON Tighten the screws the Connecting the To the as follow the below. If the USB the USB that with the If round ADB the of the to the USB the other of the to USB Macintosh. To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the and the to the of the Then the (with the the
Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in The from or of the to the the the other of the to the or the Connecting to High-End Workstation of input to the Since the leading workstations, workstation There workstation Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or workstation. A: Connecting to Additional
A: Connecting to Additional
B: Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire: the with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. B: Notices
B: Notices the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy to the immediately Allow the to cool approximately hour the of the to F). Doing and the leading to
the of the to F) or sunlight of Doing to the the with the The heat the the The than active of the or constantly illuminated. Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and rear of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the correctly, computer-based directly from the B: Notices
B: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: LCD EMP-505/715, ELP-505/715
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. B: Notices
B: Notices
C C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of LCD inches F=2.0 to to Brightness (ANSI) (ANSI) ratio to inches to to Projection rear, mount) sound 1W aspect ratio ratio correction Card PCMCIA II Card Supports CFA CompactFlash, Memory Stick, ATA (both and V), and C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) About hours ELPLP14 Remote AA Supports PS/2, USB, ADB Height to inches to inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC,
to F to C) to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 DOC ICES003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC, 92/31/EEC EN to F to C) to RH, C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, HDTV, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; computers Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 VGA Text VGA Text SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275
Refresh Rate SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 MAC II MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 HDTV525I HDTV525P HDTV750P HDTV1125I HDTV71125I HDTV1125P HDTV1125P NTSC PAL SECAM The resized that of the only). The that displays of the Not the C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Assignments The Computer RGB, its assignments: (ID GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND (ID SDA