Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and EasyMP, and the 3LCD of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-19399
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to or of brightness. You to of and or from USB memory or or wireless The correction corrects and the to charge of from anywhere the the action, of the or the as You of to and Microsoft With the PC to remotely and the Security To unauthorized this includes security including and the to the buttons.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. sheet the instructions to and to or or wireless Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Download and to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included customers who their offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the brochure To the included and to products, and service.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Unpacking the the the shown below: 802.11G/B wireless to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying information, and instructions. Additional to the To One with or purchase from software CD-ROM Remote and VGA Carrying USB
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To from VCR or other You purchase from below. and the shown from below.) to VGA Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L32 V13H134A08 ATA hardshell Samsonite wheeled shoulder Universal mount Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down ELPAP01 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 You purchase these from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the ELPKS42 ELPKS35-S ELPKS43 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and Where to To purchase please the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the Turning off the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You mount the the or and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord. TBD
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the the buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or and the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To the the correctly and from overheating. and the the and other as Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning On the Turn or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the of the the and the other The light light
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Press the the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If connected -based to the New found If prompted to Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected (such as or DVD player). If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to You the Source buttons the to switch connected to the each or to wirelessly or from memory TM and the warning the when the This and To and the If to appear,
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and the Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the off. If than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected. and the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and the If OS to OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Select
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Once to If the too high or too below. To or If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter the of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning the rear foot. the the to or manually the as and the foot
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and the Focusing and Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the or or the the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If distorted, the buttons the or the Correction To when the top or the following: Press of the buttons the as shown below. the with the of the the the or the and From the and the the to the as If the becomes the sharpness and the correction The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the to the aspect
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You this to The with You the to off the and when This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If using the the cord. To and the Correcting If to and the right, the the or the the This the and If the the to the or the information. the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Press the The turned off and the light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, the the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the button. If the front foot, the foot release to the and the cord. the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press or to The the the and the Turn the off when 24-hour-a-day reduce the life. If when Direct On and the the when the restored.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM information and to the to the Remote includes of to of them the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You to the or as wireless when from This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If than seconds, the operating to release the operation the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the the of the Remote the Remote Follow these the the the front of the or the within of the the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover as the cover off. AAA the and as shown. the cover as shown, then
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to to wirelessly or from memory the the appears. the Remote
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the the Remote Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This useful to temporarily redirect To off the the A/V The To the back the You the when the A/V You such as the Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM of You of the the the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its the To the the or the or You the using the the To temporarily off the sound and the A/V
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Remote You the the to fits the to switch the aspect ratio and This or recorded normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the or the displays the the output of the (which the or its If the of the the as the the You the the to the of Press the repeatedly to from the following To match the of the displays Blackboard To the white that appear when To increase bright (the when from To the (the when from Theatre To increased To increase brightness when TV or brightly
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM with the Remote If connected to the with USB as the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through slideshow. or to the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where to release Left-click Right-click the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Remote Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the button the to the the the to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Connecting to Computers, and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD player, or You the to USB or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting to or other USB sound through the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If based to the New found plug-and-play with DVI to to DVI to VGA (usually included with the to to the VGA If and cant the to to the as shown from Dont to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and To to the Computer/ VGA the instructions below. connecting to the to of the following: USB the as to Connecting to the You to the Computer/Component the VGA that with the (the If the VGA to the Computer/Component and the other to Then to You optional to sound through the or USB to the as
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM finished instructions turning the and the the If or the VGA when to If to the to the VGA to This from To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the VGA Then the (with the the Tighten the screws the Connecting to Computers, and Other
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The function correctly that from earlier of using the of Right Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting the Remote If connected as this chapter the Computer/Component the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, 98SE, or or OS to or OS to OS the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB USB
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Connecting to You to the the to its If yellow Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source connecting to to sound through the Connecting to Computers, and Other RCA VGA (RGB
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other or the sheet instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers, and Other
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM RGB If the players Also, the the to or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source You or this You this (ELPKC19) from information. or the to and the Computer/Component the VGA If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers, and Other If the players
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM than and the directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to or Other You USB memory USB or such as the P-2000, to the using the USB specified Then slideshow function or the CardPlayer to there the the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the of the to or other the USB If using CardPlayer to the the USB from the the the EJECT the right of the CardPlayer Press the the to CardPlayer. the USB
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Sound Through the You sound through the or To sound through the follow these the and to the the If connected to the Computer/ If connected to the or and the included with the the other of the to the connector(s) or Connecting to Computers, and Other
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting EasyMP, the sound to with built-in amplifiers. to the to the option to instructions. To to the follow these the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to and cant the or to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting Through Wireless Network his chapter to to the through wireless EMP NS shown screenincluding text and graphicsdirectly to PC or the instructions this chapter Starting Connecting to the (computer-to-computer) or Access wireless security options wirelessly Removing the wireless 802.11G/B EMP NS as each to to the Then follow the this chapter to EasyMP, and and EMP NS
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the 802.11G/B to Other to the correctly and force the The of the from the when the the the instructions. Presenting Through Network Starting connecting to the to switch to Follow these Turn the as the and the Press the the to as the the 802.11G/B the with the facing
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Once the of these the currently selected Access If already and the to computer-to- or Access to Wirelessly with the section. Presenting Through Wireless Network If to LAN or memory to 802.11G/B properly
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the NS software as To to the wireless or XP. OS or wirelessly. Access to to 54MB/sec (computer-to- to This of Presenting Through Wireless Network the You NS to to the and wirelessly or Access to the easy to and the with wireless or or or with or Access the the and easily off the To Access wireless or or (or AirPort) station, and or with wireless or Follow the instructions below the to To (computer-to-computer) and wireless or as this section. the Switch the to and the 802.11G/B You this
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To the the Highlight Wireless LAN and You the following selected, as shown If the the to highlight the to then to the when connecting to from If to highlight the text then The text to input Press the to alphabetical or to then the to the right to to the Presenting Through Network If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The each the off and then or and the the the Network whenever and that You cant previous It that the Presenting Through Wireless Network character the If SSID or ESSID highlight the ESSID text and the of that the ESSID the the type the the connecting to the If to to the highlight the WEB checkbox, and of to characters. If to security that only people who the as the Then when to to the displays or the prompted NS the to these highlight the OK the top of the the the or the to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network ready to wireless to the Network below, or
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Network connecting to the to the or match the the wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Presenting Through Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting Through Wireless Network Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You to this: Click
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the ESSID. Encryption Click the and that wireless or OK to the ready to to the Wirelessly software to allow to both and Access Typically, only to ESSID from the the If detecting the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Double-click the Network You the Network Presenting Through Wireless Network
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If the other them deselecting their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this Presenting Through Wireless Network Location to Select Select Network then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the Click the the the top of the You the Choose the ESSID assigned to the to turned Select ESSID.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To Access first and wireless or station as this section. the Switch the to and the 802.11G/B You this To the the Highlight Wireless LAN and You the following Access Presenting Through Wireless Network
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to The each turn the off and then or and the the the Network whenever and that You cant using previous Presenting Through Network Access selected, as shown If the the to highlight the to Access then to the when connecting to from If to highlight the text and The text to input Press the to alphabetical or to then the to the right to to the character the To to the the to ESSID, which the SSID of or the of (The of from that of station; the and to the of Highlight the ESSID and that the ESSID the the type the the to the If to to the highlight the WEB text and and of to characters. If to security that people who the as the Then when to to the displays or the prompted NS the to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If assigns IP automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the following information manually: IP the IP to assign to the It other the The section should this network Gateway the IP that assigned to the or when If to the HP to least IP the these highlight the OK the top of the the the or to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network ready to wireless to the Network below, or to Access If to WEP, WPA, or LEAP security options, to the option that the Presenting Through Wireless Network about please If know or If AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless network the information. Presenting Through Wireless Network the Network connecting to the to the wireless or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Right-click the Network and
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You this: Click Presenting Through Wireless Network
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting Through Wireless Network wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the (which should the ESSID). Encryption the Click the and that wireless or OK to the wireless Right-click the Wireless Network and You this
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Select and the You this If DHCP, IP the following IP and the information: IP the IP to assign to the It other the The section this the IP that assigned to the when OK Click the Networks (If this to wireless or clicking to the then follow instructions the to the Presenting Through Network about please If know or
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting Through Wireless Network You this: that to the It should with the to indicating If and type the of OK to the ready to to the Wirelessly
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the section. Then follow these Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Right-click the Network and Presenting Through Wireless Network If the using this the software that with
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting Through Wireless Network Click the The IP as shown: Access software to allow to Access Typically, to network from the the If connecting to the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Click the Network You the Network Gateway
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Location to Select Select Network then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the the Select station, then On the matches ESSID. If the ESSID the Network text and If turned DHCP advanced the Network and the IP selected. If to Presenting Through Wireless Network If the other them their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this and To or the station, and Click then the If connecting to IP the Distribute IP checkbox. to the stations IP and the first three of the IP to the first three of the stations IP
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting Through Wireless Network Click the the the top of the You the to turned the of Wireless Security You the following security options when to the wirelessly: WEP WPA security, or LEAP authentication. To these security features wireless or from the following sections to the security option WEP Encryption WPA Security LEAP Authentication
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM WEP Encryption the Security the Network this Highlight WEP and the WEP highlight or and Format, highlight HEX to input, then If chose highlight ID or Highlight the Encryption text and The to input Press the to or to then the to the right to to the character with and follow these WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. Presenting Through Network Text input WEP with with ASCII first. If that try Text2 and then Text3 If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to Presenting Through Wireless Network WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. highlight the OK the top of the and WPA Security the Security the Network this Highlight WPA and Highlight the PSK text and The text yellow to input Press the to or to then the to the right to to the character the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM highlight the OK the top of the and LEAP Authentication the Security the Network this Highlight LEAP then the user and that match the authentication Highlight the text and The to input Press the to or to then the to the right to to the character the Highlight the text and The to input Press the to alphabetical or to Presenting Through Wireless Network If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If IP allow to appear. If or DHCP Distribute IP AirPort), the to the IP Once selected the IP the Switch when NS If to to the EMP NS then Switch LAN the Presenting Through Wireless Network then the to the right to to the character the highlight the OK the top of the and Projecting Wirelessly Once and and or follow these to NS and wirelessly. 802.11G/B wireless Select EMP NS from the OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications The first NS to Select the IP and OK
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You the below. (If previously NS this the first If the properly, listed. If the they with their The of the to each its the connected the connected to another the connected to If the following: wireless enough to establish If Macintosh, the the the or trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and that its SSID matches the ESSID. the Presenting Through Network If of these the troubleshooting information
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The than the To the the station, and Then The appears the Presenting Through Wireless Network the to turned and the ESSID or selected. of the (You should that the ready to If to NS the ESSID matches the SSID wireless or If station, the ESSID matches the that the ESSID the IP both and wireless or station. The first three of the IP should The of the IP should to the of the IP wireless interface, or station. and NS If follow the instructions Connecting IP to to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Once the of appears, and If than listed, and to them the If the selected already another to the other If the to connecting, this the displayed the Network and OK Once the established, transmitted to the and floating If necessary, the of the with the Presenting Through Wireless Network If encrypted, and encrypted This security the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting Through Wireless Network the From the these NS features: NS and which the from HTML information. the the off the and sound. of the brightness, and switch the and switch the and Clicking of the buttons the to appear the clicking the displays the following Click to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If than the to the which to of the following Brightness Increase or brightness. Click to the top of the or to the (this option functions the and the Increase or from to the and displays, bright Theatre and the arrow the right to the Presenting Through Wireless Network
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and routers they the this to automatically. Presenting Through Wireless Network Connecting IP You establish manually IP and (Access only) or connecting routers. NS You this Click the You this Select this Click
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Select IP and OK You this Click IP You this the IP and Search Click the IP and Search Presenting Through Network You to to the If NS to from the with the first
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You to while another Follow the Presenting Through Wireless Network The IP appears the and searching displays: This search This appears the search to the If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this Click the to to and the If than and to them the If prompted the the Network and OK The to the and appears the about using the floating
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Switching To to the while another already using only), follow these NS You this the to and You this Click to The other user and about the interruption: Select Presenting Through Network
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Click the while the light or when wirelessly. You the or Presenting Through Wireless Network Removing the Wireless Card Follow these to the from If NS the the light to isnt flashing. Then the The Access light Press the The wireless the straight Then the back to from
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To memory and the EMP software only), as the type of to with the from Memory Card, or from memory or connected to the with USB You graphics, or that slideshow JPG and BMP graphics This chapter covers the following: the memory the and Creating slideshow the Presenting from Presenting from Creating to memory Presenting
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If to the the memory The memory functional when connected. force the the the If using CardPlayer, highlight the EJECT and the Then the light to off the Presenting from Memory Card, or Memory Card the Follow these to the memory the If necessary, the PC (ATA the (with the the with the facing The to turned off the Memory Card using the and to the memory follow these the (the light to the should off). Press the the The Press the The memory released, and from the the To the from the as shown:
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Creating Slideshow the Fly If memory containing assortment of them as slideshow. the Slideshow First the the memory Then follow these the the to highlight the containing and Select Slideshow From the the to Slideshow and The the as slideshow. the to the slideshow as the section. Slideshow While slideshow the as follows: Press or to the or or to Press to the or or to replay Presenting from Memory Card, or
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting from Memory Card, or Press the of the to or the To the slideshow the button. Press the to that to and Other each the memory the and other Select the containing the the to and From the the to and You this the to from the following selection, to the whether to the of the switching the each Choose to manually.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM choose alphabetically or choose from such as or switching choose the to when slideshows, or or the appears whenever item and selecting or and pressing the selecting and the To the the highlight OK and permanently with each off the or the memory Presenting From This section to CardPlayer and USB there memory the You the while memory neither the the function with CardPlayer. Follow these Turn Turn the and the theyre already Presenting from Memory Card, or the to internal slideshows. the of with or A/V to the or and slideshow directly to the You the or the to the or
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM shows as If USB mounted and with the software. The software If memory the the and Creating Slideshow the Fly You cant the Presenting from Memory Card, or Select as the the the If with the DCIM DCIM appear the CardPlayer the the to the the and the the another with the the and Select You when the the the to and Select The the If of the to the while To the slideshow, the the then and Presenting From This section to or from or memory and USB there memory the You connected while memory the the function with EasyMP. Follow these or memory
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Turn the and the theyre already Select as the the the the the to the the where or and Select the the another with the the and Select You when the the the to and Select The the If of the to the while To the slideshow, the the then and Presenting from Memory Card, or
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To memory and the EMP software only), as the type of to with the Presenting from Memory Card, or Creating of and/or that from memory The to to and the EMP This the to that to the memory this existing that to to the If from scratch combining selection of other graphics, and Converting to Follow these to to Once the created, as the EMP closed. the to or the top of the EMP You that supported. Click OK EMP and one-by-one as they converted. this or completely converted.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM that the slideshow mouse-click or as prompted. You as shown below. The of each of the At this or Building from and If there the that to right-click those and Inactivate Choose from the EMP (where assigned It within choose from the and and location Once to the memory PC (PCMCIA) Presenting from Memory Card, or You to the Dont directly to the memory or correctly.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting from Memory Card, or Creating from Scratch this when to from selection of graphics, or to and the and the the and Double-click the EMP (or or EMP You the EMP selection
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Choose New from the You the and thats easy to using to and numbers. Then from the following The location the and the Click to choose location. Click BGM(W) to the selection appears choose .WAV the the arrow to the right of the option to The Background appears around that the Select Select the Quality Higher-quality the to appear. Click OK You to the EMP with the instructions the section to Presenting from Memory Card, or The the of the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You the instructions this section to to existing appear Presenting from Memory Card, or Building from You from of the following types, or with other types: through .PPT JPEG (with .JPG (with .BMP or .DIB (with .MPG MPEG (MPEG1 Follow these the the of the EMP to the to include JPEG, and appear as the Click to Click the each that to preview. The appears the thumbnail If thumbnail the the If of appears.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and the to include from the or the (You thumbnail to the to the To include whole (instead of the the the the to appears The background to the type of the If to the To rearrange and them as within the To right-click the and To the its section appears the of the each operation. .EMA You as the section. Presenting from Memory Card, or Transition created smoother than those with EMP the seconds.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting from Memory Card, or the or choose from the Then to the to memory EMP to manually or specified of You choose from of effects Click the or which to the To than the Ctrl while click. To the choose Select from the Selected yellow. Right-click the selected or The appears:
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Click You this Click to manually Choose to to the If to manually using the On click. If to automatically, the the Automatically You of and seconds this manually the To (such as or of the Effects and choose Direction finished the the selected or OK Click the or choose from the with the the section when ready to to memory Click to Presenting from Memory Card, or Select Transition effects smoother when them the and that to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting from Memory Card, or Checking You to memory to and sounds the the the to the to Click the then to the Click Option(s) The displays. If the to to If to each the the to through the the to or fast the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM to Memory Card Once to memory or USB You of the following cards. PC to allow insertion the with to purchase PC CompactFlash Memory SD MicroDrive MMC ATA PC You to the Dont to the to memory or properly. to the below to that the properly: the memory PCMCIA or the USB EMP the the to the to Click the then to the From the Option(s) choose You selection Choose the where located and OK Click OK to confirm. to the Presenting from Memory Card, or Select memory You the memory PCMCIA (or the USB from the Option(s) If to the the selection If this and EMP
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If than to automatically, they the this Presenting from Memory Card, or Once the this about The that the whenever the turned (with the memory the of the following: If the to automatically, to to the and the If to automatically, OK and with the following instructions. You the To to automatically, from the the of the and the arrow to to the the right. Click the to continuously. Clear the to once.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM OK the from or the USB instructions the If or first to to or the Presenting the memory containing the as The follow these to Turn the already If to as as the If to to manually. with the following Select as the the the You the below. JPEG as thumbnails. Other or as Presenting from Memory Card, or You connected while the memory If neither the the function with software.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM than If the and buttons the to to automatically, manually as Presenting from Memory Card, or the the to highlight and appears the the to and with the to highlight EJECT the right of the and the to LAN or memory to memory instructions). While the as follows: Press or to the or or to to the or or to Press replay Press the of the to or the To the the Press the to that to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Editing the You the This such as the of or These permanently with the as as the the and the turned Highlight the to then From the You thumbnail of the To the to and From the yellow (or appears the the to the where to the and The to the To highlight the to and From the Show/Hide If and to the this to the highlight the OK and Presenting from Memory Card, or Indicates to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Presenting from Memory Card, or Supported The following from memory or memory Notes These created the EMP that included with the Graphics played. with than projected. CMYK and with of Projection with of MPEG2-PS If the of or the as DVD header each GOP) played back. DPOF DPOF (where and projected. JPEG with the and cant or as or JPEG with high as from with The MPEG-1 Linear PCM and AC- played back.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the features the security features and
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the ON ON OFF OFF the the and
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and the or the the You each from these increased brightness bright (the (the when from with Theatre: with increased increased when or TV bright the of displays. Blackboard chalkboard the white
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the of the only) the of to the or NTSC Sharpness the sharpness of the the Select to and K. RGB to red, and (Not selected as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB the The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High You the to the and
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. the the to highlight the option, then as this ON to the Turn off to to the Tracking this to the this the appears or If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to If the right the the the type of connected to the Computer/Component RGB that this PAL (then PAL60
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You the to the the and other features. the of the the upward. If or the the Sharpness Automatically when the upward. This when the front (and Operation of the buttons the the information. choose from three information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You the using the Its to write If the the Protect Release appear. You and the the or lowers the of the sound from or MPEG to with built-in amplifiers. the as shown the Security To unauthorized of the the following: Assign this to the to that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed. the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the If the the as the and/or Unauthorized users off or This to theft and to the should Protection To unauthorized the If appear the whenever the and turned If incorrect three the operation and the and to redisplay the If incorrect thirty the to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The the Protect function OFF Follow these to turn protection Press the the about seconds. You this to ON Protect to ON the Then Press Select and to the and the the and the to four (The the Then the to the Press the the to the If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the every turned the to 0H the If the to the the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the the the It appears when the A/V selected the as the Background the of the the when the Protect function Starting the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The the deactivated, and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and the back
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Protect Release to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To Creating Screen You from or to the and then as You as the displayed when the or when the A/V button. The photograph, or other to the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the whether the as the and selection the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to and the as appears, and the or while the the Completed to to the Choosing to the as the You to as the when theres or when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Highlight Background and Select and finished, to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the the function, the buttons the Press the highlight the and Select and the Select ON and Select and to the Press the to and You the to the the displays turn or off, and other operations. this to off the of the background or off the as the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If Direct ON the connected, and the when the restored. the Projection Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the Direct ON to the when the connected (without the to the off (and received) Select Network ON to the to when (the light 21L this to to the from USB-connected Select from to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM software included with and from EMP only) to switch and the function to about SNMP, such as HP to facilitys from optional from You NS to to as group. This allows to and easy to these from other computers. To the software to first EMP as If to EMP NS Then and each to You the wirelessly or wired (as This chapter covers the following information: and with EMP to of to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If to while they the then Network ON EMP EMP to whether connected wirelessly or wired It easily turn the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software only) as The to the should already connected to and Closing EMP To EMP or EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP right-click the shown and Click to EMP
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM follow these to them: Click or EMP or the EMP the You this Click You this Click to currently operating the and the IP Click Click If to the connected or correctly the to the wireless
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To from the highlight the and found the as shown below: Select each to clicking its then clicking the You this with of Click Click
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You the of each of the EMP The EMP using the Source, and shown below. These which currently used, from which (or they and Source information, the and To when turned Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The following the meaning of the Turned off; Turned off; Network connected to the or disconnected). You this Network OFF selected The following the meaning of the Computer/Component Computer/Component
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The following the of the recommended to The buttons the and or off. the to of its function.) Select the to (with the clicking of the buttons. (the nearing the of its life; High-speed cooling (the too to Overheating turned off automatically) or cover buttons To when selected Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The or to to to To Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the The following the functions of the buttons: buttons the the off the to the Computer/Component the to the Computer/Component the to the the to the Switches the to You to of with the wireless or wired LAN the wireless and to Access as Turn and Press the the to switch to
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You the following Select the right of the and the the below, and Select
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To with the the and the Press the to You the following ON and Highlight the IP of SMTP and The to input You numbers and the following IP or (where and Highlight the and Then the SMTP The and Highlight the Destination and the the first that to You of characters. the the to Press the top of the to through and the of the to through lowercase You such as and such as the or Then the right of the to to the To the of the to to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If to to other computers, those the Destination and Destination boxes. Select the which highlight the OK the top of the the the or and Highlight the OK and to to the Network the section. the If to each of the EMP NetworkManager. The includes the The of the The of the The IP of the The to the EMP If appears, that occurred. appears when the If to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You cant to to If Microsoft or The or to to To Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the to If connected to or wireless or wired LAN), to and each the wireless the and the Access as the and the IP of the to the If what the and switch to Then choose Wired LAN or Wireless LAN and You this, which shows the IP If connected wired the the as shown below.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If connected wireless NS and to the to Then the that appears the The the Select of the options the then as the of the These to those found the the the of the as would the buttons: choose the action, the the off the and sound, or the or off. about the Functions to buttons
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM IP when the to group. If DHCP, the IP every turn off and and to the group. If of the IP than the first of the should You as to and easy to other computers. You or information as to another connected to the Access and the as the to the group, or the that or information. Creating You to as group, and of wireless NS Click the the EMP NS You this Select these Select IP and
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Click the Advanced You this the the Then the IP of the to the IP You the or
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM To from the group, from the and Click The IP appears the of and the searching appears If the found, its appears the and each to to the group. Click OK to the as group. Click to the Advanced Click OK to the then NS
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Connecting to Follow these to to group: NS Click the the EMP NS You this Select these boxes Select IP and
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM From the choose the to to and OK the IP (If the the IP rather than search this
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You this Select the Then Select the to to and If to to The appears the Exporting You information as to another the wireless This to with users. NS Click the the EMP NS You of the the You cant group, to the to to If wireless to as
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If created the You least the active. You this Select these boxes IP and Click the Advanced You this Click to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Highlight the NSGroup.ini and to Choose location the and To to the from the follow the You information as to another the wireless NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these boxes Select IP and
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Click the Advanced You this Click On the the to and The of of the the to the the Advanced To to the from the follow the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM warning of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean and the the and of the to the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Cleaning the and Clean the and every hours of If they cleaned they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the the light to flashing, then the cord. Turn the To the and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to the To V13H134A08. information.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM should the To the warning the cool the that the and should to the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the warning light flashes To and the as as The light flashes (the burnt or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L32. Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Turn the Press the and the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and straight the (If easily, facing the right these screws the warning This includes that mercury Please and regulations and the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Once the its screws. the and the clicks the cover then the cover the as the section.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the the to the using the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this Select and You this Select and finished, or to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM incurred the the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then it firm with cushioning around the optional from
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights operation with the or sound with the Contacting technical
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices with with sound with search Follow these to Press the the or the You the the the or the arrow buttons the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Checking If isnt correctly, first off, it to (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the light
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM lights Light Flashing There with the or Stop the the and as Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as If this the as Flashing off of the and as The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat clean the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and highlight the Info You the hours and input the right. The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of The If the when the the connected to the and The defective. the from the and as The buttons the If the function cant the buttons the the instead. information about the function. You hear the the turned off. If to Network ON the to the cooled information about this The information the input currently selected.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the If from DVD or other and its connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as restarting If connected and or to the Source Search the or of the buttons the to the Allow seconds the to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If using PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to pressing or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If using OS X: Preferences Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. If OS to From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. Only of the displayed. Press the the the the information. Press the the Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and OS to On the Apple choose and and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD the input selected the The There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to the from to the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM of the used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. If the option the to the If the and the You the and the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Brightness and the to the The to replaced. instructions. There sound, or the sound enough. Press the the or to increase the A/V (The A/V pressed.) the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. If the it securely to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the If to the option to this cant the buttons the or to the or information.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Network You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the to Network ON If the using XP or as the restarting You cant to the NS the correctly the If to the NS or the to the and correctly; or (Access that wireless On the the the wireless or of the (You should that the ready to If to NS If the Access and DHCP, allow to appear. It the while to the IP
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If or or restarted allow or the to appear. If AirPort, turning off and then that trying to to the right that computers to the or that wireless or and its SSID to match the ESSID On the the top of to turned and the ESSID or selected. If or and DHCP, IP the The first three of the IP should to the first three of the IP of or station. The of the IP should to the of the IP of the or station. If DHCP, Gateway the Access It should to the IP or station. If using each the off and then or and the wireless the the Network and the If using AirPort, the of the station, and Click the Network If to DHCP Distribute IP and IP If using and DHCP turned off Access advanced Distribute IP off.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If Access and to the interference from another or station, then NS If AirPort, the ESSID should match the network the of the station. To the the station, and Then The appears the If prompted when the WEP WEP IP displayed with appears distorted. of their JPEG displayed correctly. JPEG from with high ratio appear blurry. EMP appear the EMP or created these of and or EMP thumbnails and cant the MS Office JPEG the Office the and option, and the JPEG Also, the to the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You cant EMP they to the memory You they the then the to memory You cant slideshow to the memory to the You the memory PCMCIA from the Option(s) If this and EMP You cant the The MPEG2 It MPEG1 included cant played back to the or or shows as when to If USB-mounted and with The
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the within about feet of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the lights, the receivers. Also, turn off that such as heater. Where To technical through services hours as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and
Banff-Toronto PM Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and Where to To purchase please the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM You wireless from OS X, the from location Software software CD-ROM includes the software to the featuresfor wireless to memory and the from location. Software CD-ROM includes EMP and EMP Network and the from location. the software, these Microsoft or XP or or wireless (to EMP NS IBM PC with least III At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of free SVGA or and (XGA or recommended)
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Software the software, the following OS or or wireless interface or At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of free SVGA or and (XGA or recommended)
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM the Software Follow these the CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD You this Click then follow the on-screen instructions to software. If that the GDI testing, the Software
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Software the Software Follow these to EMP NS the software CD-ROM If necessary, the CD-ROM to its Double-click the OS You this Click then follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM his the location, such as theater or The four front or as shown: Rear mounting To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling as the Projection option of the to the To from the rear, Rear or Rear/Ceiling
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the function the If the that the of the with the of the the should and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Technical Specifications of TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness correction Supports USB (type B) the or the
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L32 Remote AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to RH
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the resized to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Technical Specifications Refresh Rate XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV480i SDTV SDTV The resized using
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire: the with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If it normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing This includes that mercury Please and regulations and the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-737/745
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Notices
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and 24-hour-per-day and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, neglect, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Banff-Toronto Thursday, PM Notices
Card Foot foot Computer/Component USB Rear foot Security cover USB section of (right on-screen Switch connected to Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Select Access on-screen
cover Computer/Component Card Foot foot USB Rear foot section of Remote Security (right on-screen Switch connected to USB Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Access on-screen