Foot I/R Computer/Component USB Rear foot Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness (ANSI) Brightness ratio to inches to to to rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness Supports USB (type B) UHE High Efficiency) Security High Brightness about hours Brightness about hours V13H010L32 Remote AAA inches feet retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) to RH (non-condensing) to RH
and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC60950 Third Edition EN EN Compatible The the below: Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL NPAL MPAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV TV480i TV480i Compatible To from the refresh with the the following resized to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; *The resized Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21
Positioning the connecting the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of outlet or and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to To the following formulas: To the when the (inches) [inches]) (inches) [inches]) To when the (inches) (Projection [inches] (inches) (Projection [inches] If the below the of the to the front foot, as shown. the the to its the the buttons the information about correcting the If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the Starting the and other and correctly. Then as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected to the manually. Selecting the Source Follow these to and the the the with the The heat the the of the to the Then the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned the light flashing,
Press the top of the or the Remote The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready Warning: the when the This and If connected -based to the New found If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to If prompted to the with You the Source buttons the to switch connected to the each If to appear, What To If You the with the as the correctly and from overheating. What To If You Screen If or the turning or try the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the off. Press the Source Search the or the Search the repeatedly the to information about selecting the If the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If with OS X: You to to the screen as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or and checked. If with OS to You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound Click the top of the other. If the option isnt selecting of the Click the necessary, and then (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
Selecting the Source If connected to the the to the to the Search the or the Source Search the the You of the following buttons the to the to the Computer/Component to the connected to the to the connected to the the the appears. The the the Once to as this section. Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Once the where release the to the foot If the isnt the back foot the back of the If the the section.
the Shape The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or to manually the correction Follow the below: To corrections the the the or Select the then Select and the the (or the arrow buttons the to the as To manually the correction the or the to the of the correction, slightly the Brightness The brightness of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, of the following: the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the Brightness the of the and the the You to the option to that the and the which The following the the of displays. increased bright (the (the when from with with increased Theater increased brightness when or TV bright Blackboard chalkboard the white To the the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the Correcting If and the right, or properly the the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to OFF the function
the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If using the the cord. If to the You the Direct On The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight ON and Press or to Direct On the as normally would. Follow the instructions the section. (The when the finished the follow the recommended to This the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other button.) Press the The light flashes as the cools the to To the the light flashing. Then the Press the foot release and the to the front foot, as shown. the and the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing the the the AAA as the within of the the the or the screen (the front bounced off the Press the the function to Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the A/V You such as or to the whenever the A/V the information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however; and connected the action the though the To the action, the or
Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the to the crosshair the the to the to the selected to While the to around the the Press the to the to the to its the Remote as the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to To with the connected the USB the and or Left-click or Right-click the To the or the Press the or to back To the the To the the the the and the To (or left-click), the To right-click, the the To the To and and the and to the then release the the the batteries, the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the using the Follow these to the AAA Press the to the cover. the then the as shown. the cover. (It should
Protection If assign the appears the whenever and the If the incorrectly three the operation locked. the and If the incorrect the and authorized servicer You the to as the and/or Unauthorized off or This theft and to the should Additionally, to borrowed temporarily the of that the function reactivated and the the If should to the and the to the the to proceed. If the to the the Press the the about seconds, the Protect If already the Protect Release the with ON Protect to ON and Press and You the the and the the and the to The as the confirmation appears. the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and To the and follow these Press the the about seconds the Protect Select ON Protect and Select ON and turning this to the off) to The appears the and turning If to the temporarily the without the and Then the while the to the of hours (from to the If the to the every turned the to 0H The counting as as the Protect (You the this to the the passed, and the correctly, the to 0H and the to or this when finished To Protect and Then ON and this the appears whenever the turned the the and as the A/V selected as the Background the of the features when the Protect function Press to the Protect
Starting the with You the and then back to protection. the function this when and the the the as the to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release the If the and them the that appears the Protect Release If incorrect the and authorized servicer to the the function, the the Press the Select the and Select and Select ON and Then and to the Press the to the You the seconds. Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light light light light Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling the light to flashing and Flashing Flashing There internal the Turn off the and Flashing There with the or Turn off the and Flashing The or correctly, or the the or or reseat the necessary, as Flashing the with as as instructions. If to the there
light light light The overheated and off. cool about then back there of around and the the and If to overheat, to the Flashing Flashing The too the F and there of around and the Clean the and necessary. The or You it or the to Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the to the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or the with cloth with thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the and the of the hours of If cleaned they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Turn the and other office If (such as If to or the torn, The V13H134A08) or to please to included. the when the If to the off as shown. the clicks
the The typically about hours of High Brightness or hours Brightness It to the when: The or to The warning light flashing The the appears the when the To brightness and quality, the as as You hours the the Info Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the or the United States V13H010L32 please to Follow these to the Press the to off the the light flashing, the cord. If the allow it to cool least hour (or the cool). Warning: the cool If the the to injury. Turn the Press the and the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right Warning: This includes that mercury Please and regulations or recycling. the the of the assembly. Touching the Once the its screws. the then the cover it the as the section.
the You the the to clear the the the the If the Hours the of hours that the used. the and the Press the the and the Then You this Select and You this Select and Press to to the or the to the Optional Accessories the following optional the Product V13H010L32 (includes V13H134A08 Samsonite wheeled ATA hard-shell carrying shoulder ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPAP01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down High V12H162020 High V12H064020 security ELPSL01 Universal mount Security bracket/cabling mounts You purchase these from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and "Where to To purchase please the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Related CPD-19396 CPD-19397 ELPKS35-S ELPKS42 ELPKS43 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC SM