Card Foot I/R Computer/ USB B) Rear foot Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness (ANSI) Brightness ratio to inches to Projection to to USB A) rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness Supports USB (type B) Projection UHE High Efficiency) Security High Brightness about hours Brightness about hours V13H010L32 AAA inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) to RH, (non-condensing) to RH
and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC60950 Third Edition EN EN Compatible The the below: Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL NPAL MPAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV TV480i TV480i Compatible To from the refresh with the the following resized to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; *The resized Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21
Positioning the the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of outlet or and within of and/or wirelessly or from memory the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. Its to the when the directly front of the the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to To the following formulas: To the when the (inches) [inches]) (inches) [inches]) To when the (inches) (Projection [inches] (inches) (Projection [inches] If the below the of the to it the front foot, as shown. the the to its the the buttons the information about correcting the If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the Starting the and other and correctly. Then as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected to the manually. Selecting the Source Follow these to and the the the with the The heat the the of the to the Then the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned
Press the top of the or the Remote The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready Warning: the when the This and If connected -based to the New found plug-and-play If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to If prompted to Starting the with You the Source the to switch connected to the each If to appear, What To If You the with the as the correctly and from overheating. What To If You If or the turning or the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the cover off. Press the Source Search the or the Search the repeatedly the to information about selecting the If the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or and checked. If using with OS to You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound Click the top of the other. If the option isnt try selecting of the Click the necessary, and then (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
Selecting the Source If connected to the the to the to the Search the or the Source Search the the projected. You of the following buttons the to the connected to the Computer/Component to the connected to the to the connected to the to wirelessly or from memory the the appears. the Once to as this section. Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Once the where release the to the foot If the the foot the back of the If the the section. Correcting If and the right, or properly the the the or the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to OFF the function
the Shape The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or to manually the correction Follow the below: To corrections the the the or Select the then Select and the the (or the arrow buttons the to the as To manually the correction the or the to the of the correction, slightly the Brightness The of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, of the following: the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the Brightness the of the and the the You to the to that the and the which The following the matching the of displays. increased brightness bright (the (the when from with with increased Theater increased brightness when or TV bright Blackboard the white To the the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You the
Direct On The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight ON and Press or to Direct On the as normally would. Follow the instructions the section. (The when the finished using the follow the recommended to This the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes as the the to To the the light flashing. Then the Press the foot release and the to the front foot, as shown. the and the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing the Remote the the AAA as the within of the the the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This to redirect To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the A/V You such as or to the whenever the A/V the information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound To the action, the or Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the to the crosshair the the to the to the selected to
While the to around the the Press the to the to the to its the Remote as Wireless the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to To with the the USB the and or Left-click or Right-click the To the the Press the to back To the the button. To the the the the and the To (or left-click), the To right-click, the To the To and and the and the to the then release the the the batteries, the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the using the Follow these to the AAA Press the to the cover. the then the as shown. the cover. (It should
Protection If assign the appears the whenever the If the incorrectly three the locked. Disconnect the and If the incorrect the and authorized servicer You the to displayed as the and/or Unauthorized off or This theft and to the should Additionally, to borrowed temporarily the of that the function reactivated and the the Follow the instructions below to the and then the and/or protection. If should to the and the to the the to proceed. Press the the about seconds, the Protect If already the Protect Release Starting the with Select and You the the and the the and the to The as the appears. the the the to to the Protect Press the to the of the and Turning On the and To the and follow these Press the the about seconds the Protect Select ON Protect and Select ON and If to the temporarily the without the and Then the while the to the of hours (from to the If the to the turned the to 0H The counting as as the Protect (You the this to the the passed, and the correctly, the to 0H and the to or this when finished To Protect and Then ON and this the appears whenever the turned the the and as the A/V selected as the Background the of the features when the Protect function
Press to the Protect the with If the to the the the function this when turn the the the as the buttons to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please try If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release the If the and them the that appears the Protect Release If incorrect the and authorized servicer to the the function, the buttons the This to classroom from with the Press the Select the and Select and Select ON and Then and to the Press the to the You the seconds. Presenting Wireless Network EMP NS shown directly to without connecting the to EMP NS from the CD-ROM that with the instructions. Starting to the wirelessly, to switch to Turn the and the Press the the to as the the 802.11G/B that with with the facing upward. the 802.11G/B to Other
whether to or Access this If already the wireless to Projecting Wirelessly with the section. the You both the and to wirelessly. You the of the following with wireless or or or with or Access the or off of the wireless or or (or station, and or with wireless network or Switch the to and the 802.11G/B the the the to the to highlight Wireless LAN the or Access You of these the when to from the the to highlight the text then The text to input Press the to alphabetical or to Then the to the right to to the character To numbers, and the the while the (The lights to that the active.) Press the to the Access
Select the ESSID ESSID the ESSID textbox. WEB If to internal to characters. Turn this option to security that people the as the to the wirelessly, displays randomized the that to when prompted. DHCP (Access If assigns IP only) automatically, this option off and assign IP and manually. IP (Access the IP to only) assign the It other the the first three sections match the IP The section should only) Gateway (Access only) highlight the OK the top of the Then Highlight the OK and to to the Network Access ESSID, which the SSID of or the of (The of from that of station; the and to the of that the ESSID other the IP that assigned to or when If the Checking the Gateway (Access IP Address the Network connecting to the wirelessly, correctly. Also, that the wireless the boxes than those shown this section. Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click the Network and You this: Right-click and Click
Click the Then the Advanced the that appears. You this: Highlight Network the Property and the to Access Highlight Network and the to Highlight SSID and the to match the the ESSID CONF ROOM Access Highlight SSID and the to match the assigned to the The SSID Highlight Encryption and it Click the and the or wireless Click OK to the Then to Wirelessly Access On the then the You this If DHCP, IP the following IP and the information. IP the IP to assign to the It other the the first three sections (XXX.XXX.XXX) match the IP and the section this too match the IP that assigned to the when OK Click the Networks You this If this to wireless or clicking to the then follow instructions the to the
that to the It should as shown with the to indicating If listed, and then type the of OK with Wirelessly Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually Access and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the previous section. If cant the this the software that with Access wireless XP Network and Then the Network Right-click the Wireless Network and Then the The IP as shown: the Network software to allow to both and Access Typically only to ESSID or (Access the If to the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Click the Network You the Network Select Select Network then Location to Select Network the Click Apply and the to Access the Select station, then On the matches ESSID. If the ESSID the Network text and If turned DHCP Advanced the Network and the Distribute IP selected. If to Click the the the top of the You the to turned Select ESSID or the of (Access
Projecting Wirelessly Once and and or Access follow these to NS and wirelessly. You EMP NS from CD-ROM. the instructions. the 802.11G/B the Select EMP NS from the OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications The first NS to Select the wireless and OK If IP allow to appear. If or DHCP, the to the IP You the below. (If NS this the first Once selected the IP the Switch when NS If to to the EMP NS then Switch LAN If the properly, If the they listed, with their The of the to each its the connected the connected to another the connected to If the following: wireless enough to establish If the the the or trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and that its SSID matches the ESSID. the the to and the ESSID or selected. that the ESSID of the (You should that the ready to If to the NS the IP both and wireless or station. The first three sections of the IP should The section of the IP should to the section of the IP wireless interface, or station. and NS If and using Access follow the instructions Connecting IP to to the manually. firewall software.
Once the of appears, and If than listed, to four and to them the If the selected another to the other If prompted the displayed the Network screen and OK Once the established, transmitted to the and From the these NS features: NS and which the from HTML the the the Click to off the and sound. of the the brightness, and switch the and with Disconnect the Connecting IP and (Access only) or connecting routers, establish manually IP NS the to which to You this Click the You this Click switch the and EasyMP. Flashes three lights when the and active.
Click IP then OK You this Click IP You this the IP and Search The IP appears the and searching displays. Indicates search If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this If the the Click the to to, then the If than listed, and to them the If prompted the displayed the Network and OK Removing the Wireless 802.11G/B Card Follow these to the from If NS the the light to isnt flashing. the while the light or flashing. You the or Press the The Access light Press the The wireless partially the straight Then the back to from Click
from The software included with and from These features EMP to switch and the function to about SNMP, such as HP to facilitys from the EMP software (included the CD-ROM) the to to the instructions.) Microsoft XP, or 98SE. and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP If the to the it already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP right-click the shown then Click to EMP EMP to Follow these EMP You this Click You this Click to currently operating the and the and If to the or correctly the found the Select each to clicking its and clicking Click Click Click
You this To from the highlight the and Click You the of each of the EMP The EMP using the Source, and shown below. These which currently used, from which (or they and Source To when first Network ON as the the information, the and The following the and (Additional appear.) Projecting; Turned off; Projecting; Turned off; Network connected to or disconnected). You this Network OFF selected Computer/Component Computer/Component the (the nearing the of its life; High-speed cooling (the too to Overheating turned off automatically) or cover
o o ite to The buttons the of the EMP the and off and the to of its Select the to (with the clicking of the buttons. If the information about the Refresh To when first Network ON as the the the You often EMP the From the You this If EMP to whenever to Select the and OK buttons the If to each of the EMP NetworkManager. The includes the heading the The of the the of the the IP and of the The to the reported EMP If appears the that occurred. appears when the If to the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light light light light Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling the light to flashing and Flashing Flashing There internal the Turn off the and Flashing There with the or Turn off the and
light light light Flashing The or correctly, or the cover the or or reseat the necessary, as Flashing the with as as instructions. If to the there The overheated and turned off. cool about then back there of around and the the and If to overheat, to the Flashing Flashing cooling the F and there of around and the Clean the and necessary. The or You or the to Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the to the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or the with cloth with thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the and the of the hours of If cleaned they become with This overheating and the Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Turn the and other office If (such as If to or the torn, or to V13H134A08). please to included. the when the
If to the off as shown. the it clicks the The typically about hours of High Brightness or hours Brightness It to the when: The or to The light flashing The the appears the when the To and the as as You hours the the Info Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the or the United States V13H010L32 please to Follow these to the Press the to off the the light flashing, the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the cool). Warning: the cool If the the to injury. Turn the Press the and the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right Warning: This includes that mercury Please and regulations or recycling. the the of the assembly. Touching the Once the its screws.
the cover then the cover the as the section. the You the the to clear the the the the If the Hours the of hours that the used. the and the Press the the and the Then You this Select and You this Select and Press to to the or the to the Optional Accessories the following optional the Product V13H010L32 (includes V13H134A08 Samsonite wheeled ATA hard-shell carrying shoulder ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPAP01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down V12H162020 High V12H064020 security ELPSL01 Universal mount Security bracket/cabling mounts You purchase these from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Related CPD-18572 CPD-18573 ELPKS35-S ELPKS42 ELPKS43 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFC ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC SM