Remote Foot Computer1/Component Computer2/ Remote Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active LCD inches F=1.70 to length=21.3 to reproduction Brightness (High (ANSI) brightness ratio to inches to Foot release Foot Security RS-232C to to Projection rear, sound aspect ratio ratio (High brightness correction Projection UHE USB type High brightness: about hours brightness: about hours V13H010L27 Battery CR2025 lithium to inches to inches Weight Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, EPSON EPSON Supports USB
EPSON to F to C) to F to C) to RH, (non-condensing) to RH and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the and HDTV below. To from the refresh thats with the the following If necessary, resized to the (such as XGA the or SVGA the the of allow to correctly; EPSON Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA48i UXGA60 MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV the only; the the only; the the only; the
Computer/Component Assignments The and RGB, GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND SDA SCL Positioning the the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the least inches the and the within of outlet or and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to To the following formulas: To the when know the (inches) screen [inches]) (inches) [inches]) To when know the (inches) [inches] (inches) (Projection [inches] If the below the of the to the as shown. the the to its the corrects the automatically. If the its the To it EPSON EPSON
EPSON If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the Starting the and other and connected correctly. Then as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected to the manually (as Follow these to and the the the with the The heat the the of the to the Then the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned the light EPSON Press the top of the or the Remote The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light Warning the when the This and If using or should projected. only: If that found If already If the the Source top of the or the the to switch to (If connected to of the Computer/Component the to the Then the DVD or other If prompted to Starting the with If to appear, What To If You the with the as the correctly and from overheating. A/V ESC
What To If You If or the turning or the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the cover off. Press the Source top of the to the information about selecting the If connected to of the Computer/Component the the to the If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If using with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or and If using with OS or You to to the screen as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound Click the top of the other. If the option isnt selecting of the Click the necessary, and then (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Selecting the Source If connected to the switch them as follows: On the the Source the On the the Computer1/2 to the to the Computer1/Component or Computer2/Component the or the the the appears. The of the selected (such as Computer1 or appears the the Once to as this section. Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the the to of the instructions. EPSON EPSON
EPSON the Height of If the too the the Press the foot release and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the If the the section. the The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or to manually the correction when or Follow the below: To the the Select the then If OFF to highlight this option and Select ON the that appears and to the the EPSON Foot To manually the correction the or of the the to the of the correction, slightly You the the Brightness The brightness of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, of the following: the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the Advanced brightness the of the and the the You to the to that the and the which If or RGB the which bright other the which using The following the with bright when bright Theater when or TV bright Choose this when to Blackboard when conforming to the (the when projecting from with
To the the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to OFF the function the received input off the and This electricity, the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You through the the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If first. To turn off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to turn the the light flashing. Then the the front as shown. the and the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing If using VCR or other off off the Disconnect and the the that with or protective the Remote the the from the as shown below. the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to turn off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the EPSON EPSON
EPSON You such as or to the whenever the A/V the information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however; and the action the though the Press the or to Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the buttons to the crosshair the to the to the selected to While the the buttons to about. Press the to the to to the the Remote as the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to To with the connected the USB the and EPSON To the the the the and the to the or click; To (or left-click), the To right-click, the To the To and the and the buttons to where to To the or the Press the or to back the of the features with the To the when the to the the and the Directional right
the Battery the following the as as it If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of Follow these to the battery: Press the the of the and the of the the and CR2025 as shown. the back the clicks Protection If the appears the whenever the turned If the incorrectly three the operation locked. To the user to the and If incorrect the and authorized EPSON You the to displayed as the and/or Unauthorized off or This theft and to the should Additionally, to borrowed temporarily the of that the function reactivated and the the used. Follow the instructions below to first the and then the and/or protection. to the the otherwise, of the If should to the and the to the the to proceed. Press the the about seconds, the Protect If already the Protect Release Starting the with the Select and You the the and EPSON EPSON
EPSON using the the The displayed as the appears. the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and To the and follow these Press the the the Protect ON Protect and Select ON then If to the temporarily the without the and the to the of hours (from to the If the to the turned the to 0H The counting as as the Protect (You the this to the the passed, and the correctly, the to and the to or this when to. To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the the Screen and as the A/V the the Background of the when the Protect function Press to the Protect If the to the the You it the the the Remote EPSON these buttons to the Starting the with the function this when the the buttons to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please try If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release to the If the EPSON with the that appears the Protect Release If incorrect the and EPSON to
Lights The lights top of the the and know when Warning light light Warning light light Flashing Flashing Overheating Flashing There internal the Turn the off and EPSON The or correctly, or the cover the cover or or reseat the necessary, as The overheated and turned off. cool then back there of around and the the If to overheat, to the The too the surrounding the and there of around and the Clean the necessary. instructions. High The or You or the to Warning light light The Flashing Warming the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing Cooling Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the to the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and the the clogged, the displays the The overheated. To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. EPSON EPSON The cooling the light to without flashing
EPSON Turn the upside-down, as shown below. To the EPSON recommends and other office If the (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON to The V13H134A05) please to included. You should the when the If to the the the cover and to the EPSON the as shown below. the cover the and then the other clicks the The typically about hours of High or hours It to the when: The or to The warning light flashing The appears the when the To and the as as You the the About or EPSON the United States V13H010L27 please to
Follow these to the Turn off the the light flashing and the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the cool). Warning the cool If the the to Turn the to the Then the screwdriver included with the to the of the cover the of the Then off the cover. the screwdriver to the screws holding the The screws the the of the (You cant the screws.) Dont these screws the the top, as shown, and straight Warning This includes that mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the and its screws. the of the assembly. Touching the the cover the arrows the cover with the arrows the Then the cover clicks the as below. EPSON EPSON
EPSON the You the the to clear the warning Follow the below. the the If the Hours accurately the of hours that the used. the and the Press the the and the Info Then You the following: Press to the option. You the following: Select and Press to to the or the to the EPSON Optional EPSON the following optional Product Product V13H010L27 (includes V13H134A05 Samsonite wheeled and Samsonite shoulder ATA hard-shell carrying V12H007T13 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPAP01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch High ELPDC02 High V12H064020 security ELPSL01 mount Related CPD-16804 EPSON CPD-16808 EPSON ELPKS35-S ELPKS43 ELPKS45 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPMB39 ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL