EPSON
WARNING the when the the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and service and and of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Printed CPD-15675R1 Information Copyright Notice
EPSON light-weight, that offers to ANSI of brightness. From classrooms to and bright and ordinary With the features, to about PC or to wireless networkor memory computer-free displayed of The 0.9-inch LCD high ratio incredibly and clear reduces while displays from VGA through UXGA. You the to of computers, including and Apple (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. You of the following VCR, DVD player, or player. The and and the (HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM).
of the with the To the the the back of the the from EPSON connected to and to three easily switch them. (You to three the You include sound with or Alternatively, the features to wireless directly from to the required. Chapter from memory Microsoft and other memory the and to around Chapter and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the the warranty included owners who their EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or usually overnight the owners To the included owners and to EPSON. products, and service.
This the information to and Please follow these as through followed to to to Notes information about More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. instructions to to VCR or DVD orwithout connecting wireless Includes this warranty brochures, and EPSON the with from the the or the Download and to EPSON If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the owners of services hours information.
Unpacking the the the shown below: software CD-ROM VGA USB LAN Carrying to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying included with the A/V ESC
Additional to the To EMP to and them memory II memory as the type of PC to the the These products from To (One usually with To from VCR or other You purchase this from EPSON; and the shown from EPSON; to VGA To from or from If to sound from to the to Welcome
Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product and V13H010L18 carrying Samsonite wheeled Soft shoulder shoulder ATA wheeled hardshell mount plate security ELPSL01 Projection 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch (includes and ELPAP01 (VGA to ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 High ELPDC02 High V12H064020 You purchase these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS24 ELPKS31 ELPKS32 ELPKS42 ELPMB37 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08
and the hether through wireless from connected (Chapter or from memory to follow basic to and Follow the this chapter to: the Turn and the the the and the
You mount the the or and the Positioning the If the and isnt already the theater or to front of the as shown. art below This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord.
To the correctly or shaped), the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. Its to the with the of the or slightly lower. If the below to it its This the to its the You further the the as Overhead height and the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON; Optional Accessories
To the the correctly and from overheating. and the the and other as Chapter wireless directly connected or or Chapter memory Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning If from or thats directly connected to the the this the the to the the Turning the Follow these to the the the as shown below. The light top indicating that the
Press the top of the You the the (If this first the to the as shown The light flashes as the and the about seconds. If connected Windows-based to the New found Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as or DVD or wireless or memory If the the selected, using the Source the or the Comp/EasyMP and buttons the Select Comp/EasyMP A/V ESC and the the when the This and To and the If to appear,
the EPSON to Other memory cards. and the The and the the as follows: On the the Source switches connected to the and Computer/Component or to wireless and memory On the the Comp/EasyMP switch to directly connected switches to The switches to connected repeatedly switches to the and To Starting If to EasyMP, follow these First as the the Source the or the Comp/EasyMP the the EPSON wireless or memory computer-free the shown If this, prompting to instructions Chapter wirelessly or Chapter using the memory
To thats already the follow these the straight of the memory the the already). Then to the to If to properly connected to the Computer/Component as Then follow these switch the to the Source the or the Comp/EasyMP the Then the the to the or Pressing the Comp/EasyMP the (or the Source the then switch to of Computeras the input Card and the You to off the or cards.
and the What To If You If from connected or and or with the the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting If than and/or to the Source the or the Comp/EasyMP or the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while pressing or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or
If or with OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Click and the
and the If using OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA selected. Click the the selected. Select the VGA
the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If displays incorrectly, Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions. and the
and the the Height of If the too the the the Press the foot release each and the front of the Once the where release the buttons to the If necessary, the height turning the the the to or the corrects the If necessary, manually the as the section.
the Shape If the isnt or the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or right of the to the correction, slightly You the to correction through the Correcting If connected to and the correctly of the off), the the This the and the fits properly the the to Comp/EasyMP A/V ESC and the the corrects this type of
the received input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To off To the or the when the light or flashing and the the finished using the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If connected or first; otherwise to to properly. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about and as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the Turn off and the If the the buttons to them. the and the cord. the protective
the Remote from anywhere the to You to the and off, switch the action, the and sound, and of You the to the The functions that only when Chapter when to or Chapter when from memory This chapter covers: Activating and using the the and sound the Remote
the bright or sunlight, or properly to the the Remote Activating and the the the first to the as shown below. using the within about of the the front or back of the or the using the the the back of the
the Battery If the to the to its battery: Turn the the as shown, then the the with CR2025 lithium battery. the back New the Remote the following the as as If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the the of
the Remote the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, the or the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the On the the Source to switch the EasyMP, and On the the Comp/EasyMP to switch the and or the to switch and the the appears. Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily redirect without the of bright To off the the A/V The To the back the You such as the whenever the A/V instructions.
Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the the Press the the crosshair indicating the of the appears the the arrow buttons to the crosshair where Press the to the selected Press the repeatedly to to four Press and the to to the Press the to Press the to to the the The the of the You from the following and each and/or To the displays (the when from with Normal: bright without Presentation: the Remote
the Remote Theater: with (the or
international users, please concerning the of wireless Presenting Through Wireless Network his chapter to to the through wireless EMP NS shown screenincluding text and graphicsdirectly to displayed PC or the instructions this chapter Starting Connecting to the or Access the EMP NS software EMP NS as or the sheet each to to to the Then follow the this chapter to EasyMP, and and EMP NS Presenting Through Wireless Network
the EPSON to Other Presenting Through Wireless Network Starting connecting to the to switch to Follow these Turn the as Select as the using the Comp/EasyMP the or the Source the the EPSON (with the facing Once the of these the currently selected Access If and the to or Access to NS to the following section.
the You NS to to the and wirelessly or PC or to the easy to and the with wireless (or to users the the and easily off the To Access wireless and or with built-in wireless cards. Follow the instructions below the to to first and as this section. the To the switched to and the Then follow these On the Network the already highlighted as shown below. To the the Presenting Through Wireless Network the NS software as or the
Presenting Through Network You the following selected, as shown If the arrow the to highlight the to then to the arrow buttons to highlight Advanced to then to You this the when connecting to from If to highlight the Clear to then to clear the text Then highlight the text and the and
arrows to characters, and the right arrow to to the character the To to the the the Select ESSID SSID or ESSID Then CONF ROOM) the ESSID text and that the ESSID the the type the the to the Select instead of ESSID to the Then the text and If to security that people who the as the Then when to to the displays randomized or the prompted NS the to these highlight the OK the top of the the arrow buttons the or ESC to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network the Network or PC to the to the or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network Presenting Through Wireless Network If to the character that the A. On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and
Presenting Through Network You to this: Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Right-click and Click
Click the Advanced You to this: the type of or wireless of the from those the type to the SSID to match the assigned to the CONF ROOM (If instead, the to matches that of the Click the and that the or wireless the OK to the ready to to the NS Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network Access to Access first and network as this section. the To the Access switched to and the Then follow these On the Network the highlighted as shown below. To the the You the following Access
Access selected, as shown. If the arrow buttons the to highlight the to then to the arrow buttons to highlight Advanced to Access then to You this the when to from If to highlight the Clear to then to clear the Then highlight the text and the and arrows to characters, and the right arrow to to the character the To to the the to the ESSID (or SSID) of Highlight ESSID and then Then the of the text the that assigned to the when that the ESSID typed when the the the Presenting Through Wireless Network If to the character that the A.
about please If know or Presenting Through Network If assigns IP automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the following information manually: IP the IP to to the It other the usually the first three (XXX.XXX.XXX) match the IP the IP that assigned to the when If higher of security WEP as or IT If to to the type the to WEB and If to security that only people who the as the Then when to to the displays or the prompted NS the to If to the using HP to least IP Chapter the these highlight the OK the top of the the arrow buttons the or ESC to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network
the Network or PC to the to the or match the the wireless XP Network and Then the Network You to the this: Right-click the Wireless Network and Right-click and Presenting Through Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and
Presenting Through Wireless Network You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You this: the type of or wireless of the from those the type to the SSID to match the assigned to the CONF ROOM Click
Click the and that the or wireless the OK to the Right-click the Network and You this Select as shown then the You this Highlight this, then Presenting Through Network
about please If know or Presenting Through Network If DHCP, IP the following IP and the information: IP the IP to to the It other the the first three (XXX.XXX.XXX) match the IP the IP that assigned to the when these OK Click the Networks (If this to wireless or clicking to the then follow instructions the to the Once the Wireless this that to the It should as shown with the to indicating
If and then type the of OK to the ready to to the NS Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the section. Then follow these Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You screen to this: Right-click the Wireless Network and Then the Right-click and Presenting Through Wireless Network If the this the software that with
to the performance. Higher the Presenting Through Wireless Network The IP as shown: NS Once and and or Access follow these to NS and wirelessly. From the EMP NS You this If the properly, as shown. If the they Gateway Select
If listed, Option then Switch LAN that the (wireless) selected. another such as Ethernet selected instead. If wireless listed, as the to Once the of appears, and If than to to them the If the selected already another to the other If the to connecting, this the the and OK Presenting Through Wireless Network If encrypted, Option and encrypted This security the
Presenting Through Wireless Network Once the established, transmitted to the and floating appears the If necessary, the of the or to the clicking as shown From the these NS features: information NS which or operation URL the from HTML information. the the or A/V off the and sound. Click to
of the brightness, and Switch switch the and Switch PC switch and with the Switching To to the while another already (Access only), follow the as the section. EMP NS You this Select the and Select Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Wireless Network You this Click to The other user and about the interruption:
Presenting from or his chapter to the to such as VCR or DVD player, or to or the following instructions this chapter: Connecting to Connecting to the as wireless Presenting from or
Presenting from or Connecting You DVD VCR, or other to You or the to its RCA (included with the included with BNC-to-VGA from EPSON; the the and the the If to switch the to then the the to the or If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the RCA
Connecting If to sound through the included). You to RCA to the to of the to the the the other of the to the You to to the Connecting To You the to that including PC and computers, and and connecting the to: to USB the as Presenting from or
If and cant the to the as shown from EPSON; Presenting from or Connecting and turned off. the VGA that with the to the Computer/Component the other to or Tighten the screws the If to other and Chapter instructions.
Connecting the from the the back of the the VGA that with the to the Computer/Component and the other to (where the connected). the screws the If to other and Chapter instructions. the If or the VGA when to If to the to the VGA to This from EPSON To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. Presenting from or If the as shown from EPSON;
Presenting from or the cover and the to the VGA Then the (with the the the screws the If its sound included) to sound through the of the to the the the other of the to headphone or locations which to If to other and Chapter instructions.
the Remote as If connected as this chapter, the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to Connecting the the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to the USB or If necessary, to with USB USB Presenting from or To learn about the to
Presenting from or the Functions Once the USB connected, the as as below. To the the arrow buttons as shown: arrow buttons to To left-click, the To right-click, the ESC While the and buttons to through slideshow. and buttons Comp/Easy MP A/V ESC Comp/EasyMP A/V ESC
To EMP memory and the type of to with the Presenting from Memory Card from memory the EMP software, easily You include of JPG and BMP graphics Once the created, to memory the the and the EMP to the to slideshow the from assorted the memory This chapter includes instructions the following: Creating to the Presenting Creating slideshow the EMP as or the Presenting from Memory Card
EMP as or the Presenting from Memory Card Creating of that from memory The to to and the EMP This the which to the memory this existing that to to the If from scratch combining selection of and other graphics Converting to Follow these to to Once the created, graphics and as the to or the EMP closed. Then the top of the EMP EMP and one-by-one as they converted. this or completely converted. the mouse-click or as prompted. You as shown below:
At this or Click the or choose from the EMP SCN____ and within choose from the and and location Once to the memory PCMCIA Creating from Scratch this when to that selection of and other graphics. To the software, the EMP (or EMP from the You the EMP selection Presenting from Memory Card You to the Dont directly to the memory or correctly.
Presenting from Memory Card Choose New from the You the Then from the following The location the and the Click to choose location. The background appears around that the Select Select the Higher-quality the to appear. Click OK when finished these with the instructions the section to and
and to the Once created from existing or from scratch), include and other graphics. You each You the following of to (SR-1 or higher) through JPEG with .JPG with .BMP or .DIB Follow these the the of the EMP to the to include JPG, and BMP appear as as shown below. Click the each that to the thumbnail If thumbnail the the Click to Presenting from Memory Card
the seconds Presenting from Memory Card and the or to the To include whole (instead of the the the to Each appears as The background to the type of the If to rearrange and them as within the You as section. the or choose from the Then to the to memory
EMP to manually or specified of You choose from of effects Click the or to the To than the Ctrl while click. To the choose Select from the Selected yellow. Right-click the selected or The appears: Click You this Click to manually Click to Presenting from Memory Card Select
Transition smoother when them the and that to Presenting from Memory Card Choose to to the If to manually the On click. If to automatically, the the Automatically You of and seconds this manually the To (such as or of the Effects and choose Direction finished the the selected or OK Click the or choose from the with the the section when ready to to memory to Memory Card Once it to memory You of the following II cards. PC to allow insertion the with CompactFlash Memory ATA PC
to the PCMCIA or to the below to that the properly: From the Option choose You selection Choose the where located, then OK Click OK to confirm. to the Once the this about The that the whenever the turned (with the memory the of the following: If the to automatically, to to the and the If to automatically, OK and with the following instructions. memory Presenting from Memory Card You to the Dont to the to memory or properly.
If than to automatically, they the this Presenting from Memory Card You the the To to automatically, from the the of the and the arrow to to the the right. Click the to continuously. Clear the to once. OK the from instructions the If using or first to to or the to
the Memory Card the to the memory follow these to the If necessary, the PC (ATA the (with the the as shown. The to turned off the Presenting from Memory Card
Presenting from Memory Card Removing the Card the and to the memory follow these and the (the light to the off) Press the to the to The Press the The memory released, and from the the To the from the as shown:
Presenting the Once the memory Turn the already If to as as the If to to manually. with the following Select as the the Comp/EasyMP the You this of appear the (containing the arrow buttons the to highlight then Press While the as follows: Press or to the Press to the previous To the the ESC Press the to that to Presenting from Memory Card than If the and buttons the to to automatically, manually as
Presenting from Memory Card Editing the You the This such as the of or These permanently with the as as the or off the Follow these Highlight the to then From the You thumbnail of the To the to and From the (or appears the the arrow to the where to the Then The to the To the to and From the Show/Hide If and to the the to the highlight the OK the and Indicates to
Creating Slideshow the Fly If the memory containing assortment of them as slideshow. options the slideshow than when to include JPG and and the which theyre displayed. this to the Slideshow First the the memory Then follow these the arrow the to highlight the containing Then slideshow From the Slideshow and The the as slideshow. the to the slideshow the as Presenting from Memory Card
Presenting from Memory Card and Other each the memory the and other Select the whose to and From the You this the arrow to from the following selection, to the Continuous whether to the of the switching the each Choose to manually. Choose alphabetically or choose from such as or
switching choose to items from the appears whenever To the to the ESC finished the highlight OK the and permanently with each off the or the memory Presenting from Memory Card
Presenting from Memory Card
the the to the sound, and other features. You own and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound Creating own and other information Restoring the the
the the You the the to the and Follow these To the the the You to the shown below (the from those shown the selected input The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the arrow buttons the to through the the highlighted, the to The highlight to the first option that the arrow buttons to through the of (If or isnt connected, options indicated light, while A/V
the arrow buttons to the the selected option; the selection indicated highlight. Press the to the selection. of the following: To to the ESC To the the (or ESC than once to the The to the The options the which selected: RGB or Follow these to the appearance of Press the the You the (the the selected input Press the to the the If to back to the the function.
the the arrow buttons to highlight of these then to the fits the Tracking only) from matching the internal clock to the only) Corrects the with the from the Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the or intensity of the only) the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or To the (the when from with Normal: bright without Theater: with (the or
only) this PAL PAL60 Aspect Ratio RGB) the aspect ratio to or RGB only) Selects the the connected to the Computer/Component RGB only) switching the the to their to the Sound You the to the sound or Press the the You the the to highlight You this Press to the the
the as the the arrow buttons to highlight of these options, then to the to their to Creating You from or to the and then as You as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to It from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the the arrow buttons to highlight the then this and selection displays the
the arrow buttons to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow to and then the the appears, and Confirm as the or DVD while the the the completed, to to the Choosing to the as the and/or the thats displayed when A/V Press the to the already displayed). the arrow to highlight the then the arrow buttons to highlight or A/V when the to the arrow to then This as the to displayed. finished, to the You as the using the Advanced
the You the to the the and other features. Press the the the to highlight You this Press to the the arrow buttons to the following options: the of the the upward. If or the the Sharpness Automatically when the the rear or ceiling-mounted. Selects or to when the The displays that to the Prompt off the that appears when switch (Its to this
Prompt whether the displayed the when the A/V Selects the or to when the A/V The displays that previously to the the off the input Turn off the to the the functions the to their finished, Advanced You the Advanced to the or mounting, and other features. Press the the to highlight Advanced You this Press to the Advanced the
The USB when 21L turned the the arrow buttons to of the following options: Select from to the Turn to or whenever the the of the to and K. Select RGB to red, and as shown. (Not selected as the the Rear Turn to from Turn when the mounted from the 21L whether the EMP software used. You to off the then back the to the the Advanced to their to
and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the You the the arrow buttons the to highlight About You the hours and the right: The of the about hours. If the shown to the to the If the the arrow to Press the then when the and as finished, The information the input currently selected. the The shows 0H the least hours.
the Restoring the The option the to their Select and the the to the Select to the or to
To and through HP the included CD-ROM. to IP as This only. Remotely the and from EMP from HP Remotely the
Remotely the EMP EMP the as or the The to the to to with the as Chapter and Closing EMP To the EMP from the If the to the then already Click the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP right-click the shown then to Follow these EMP as You this Click as shown. Click to Click
You this Click to currently operating the and the and found the as shown below: Select the to clicking their Then and Click Click Remotely the
of the buttons selecting this Remotely the You the EMP and The EMP using the and Source shown below. This which currently and to which they connected. Source The the and off the and the to of its selected the to (with the clicking of the buttons.
If with appears as shown below: information, the and the You often EMP the From the You this Select the and OK Remotely the If the to whenever to
Remotely the to If to as Chapter browsersuch as Microsoft or to and each of the following: and the IP of the to the If what the and switch it to With the EPSON and the connected to the Access this The IP displayed as shown. IP
If the EMP NS software, and to the to Then the that appears the The the as shown below: Select of the options the then as the of the These to those found the Chapter buttons the of the matching those found the Functions to buttons Click to Remotely the
Remotely the
warning clean of the off and the cord. the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the Transporting the the
the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. To the EPSON and other office If clean the (such as If the to or the or EPSON the United States to please To the the as shown below to release the included. You should the when the
the cool the that the and should to If mounted the should unmount the This to the and the chance of from the the the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The light or flashing red. The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and the as as or EPSON the United States V13H010L18 please Follow these to the Turn off the to cool (when the light then the cord. Allow the to cool least hour Turn the then release the to the cover.
screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight Gently the Once the its screws. the cover. (The the cover to the section to the the the of the assembly. Touching the
the the the to the the Press the the You the the arrow buttons the to highlight About You the hours and other Press to the About Select then You this then finished, or to
Transporting the The and If to follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first carrying (such as optional EPSON then firm using cushioning around the the follow these To the from the the or carrying the to the the the EPSON incurred
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the with Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices the the sound selection Follow these to Press the the You the the arrow buttons the or the Select the to highlight items. highlighting the the or the to To the the If of the to the following
What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light If the correctly, first off, cool, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and try the recommended the following to the following of the lights and their lights Light The You or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and flashing (half-second flashing The First the securely If thats the the and as off of the and EPSON
lights Light flashing The too the surrounding the C) and there of around and the The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C) and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as The clogged. Clean or as If the to overheat clean the the caused to the cooling or EPSON Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the The light the connected securely both the and the If the the cover securely
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the pressing the other the or the Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or pressing the connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter restarting If connected and or to the Source the or the Comp/EasyMP or the to the Allow seconds the to the
If using PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD screen and or If using or with OS From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If OS X: Select Preferences Select the VGA selected. Click the the selected.
The Not Supported displayed. the selected the UXGA and the the If necessary, as the following of the displayed. Press the the the the information. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and On the Apple choose then and Sound Select You to existing created them software information. The isnt trapezoid-shaped. If the the the the top. the or right of the the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely.
The or the selected the If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the using the the You to using the from to the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory
You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the and If further the Tracking and manually using the as the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the
of the used, exactly match the or The of the right. If the option the to the If the and the the the Advanced to the There sound. the A/V the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. If the securely connected to both the and computers headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the
displayed with appears distorted. of their JPEG displayed correctly. JPEG from with high ratio appear EMP appear the EMP created this of and or EMP thumbnails and cant If the MS Office JPEG the Office the and option, and the JPEG You cant EMP they to the memory they to the .SIT You they the .SIC the then the to memory You hear when The of .WAV supported.
with the Remote The to commands. If the the first to the protective from the as shown The correctly or To the battery, within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to or right and or below). the lights and off the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. and cant the with the the securely connected to both USB and the USB
Where To EPSON technical through services hours as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included owners This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
The software A: Software software CD-ROM includes the software to the featuresfor wireless to memory and the from location. the software, these Microsoft or XP or wireless (to EMP NS IBM with least III At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of SVGA or and the Software to the to EMP NS (to wirelessly) and then EMP another (to the A: Software
A: Software Follow these the software CD-ROM CD-ROM You this Click the to to the If to to wireless network the option to EMP NS highlighted, then the Follow the instructions the to If to to memory the option EMP and it the If to to the from this (Chapter the option EMP to the software, the to Once these from Click
B: his the location, such as theater or The four front mounting, rear or as shown: mounting Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to the Advanced to the To from the rear, Rear If mounting the the and to to the This the to its You then B:
information B: the the function the or using the buttons the If the with the top of the the and to If the than the top of the to the to the whole with the If to to the from Chapter
C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inches F=1.9 to to (XGA) Brightness (ANSI) ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio correction with C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) About hours V13H010L18 Remote Battery CR2025 lithium Height inches retracted inches Rated AC supply to VAC, 3.1A to VAC, Supports USB
to F to C) to F to C) Humidity to RH, United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN Assignments The Computer1/Component RGB, its assignments: Synchronous GND GND GND SDA GND GND GND SCL GND to RH, C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA48i UXGA60
Refresh Rate MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV The resized using DNX TM ICs this C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications
D: Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in D: Notices
D: Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing This includes that mercury. Please and and the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and rear of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that The EPSON D: Notices
D: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-735
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. D: Notices
D: Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The exchanged or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA D: Notices
D: Notices