November PM EPSON
November PM WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the touch the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and service EPSON and and and of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-11436
November PM EPSON offering ANSI of brightness. From to and bright and ordinary lighting. displayed of The 1.3-inch LCD ratio incredibly and clear reduces Reduced light and whisper-quiet operation to theater-quality With patented the displays from VGA through UXGA, as as the Interface (DVI) You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple Macintosh, (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. You of the following VCR, DVD player, or HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM The the which or
November PM You of four the the from EPSON You to or and to three and easily switch them. You include sound to three of the of or of these Connecting to or other If to to PC or To to workstation, that Interface (DVI) or than A. Connecting to You DVD VCR, or other to You of the (with or without and easily switch them. instructions. the The switch from or to another, with to and other features. the connecting the as wireless This through slideshow-style (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, to the built-in or other If permanently the to or to the
November PM from If to to the from the ceiling-mounted), the EMP the Software CD-ROM. to the features from this the highlighting buttons the To the to and fast, the that This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about Reading This CD-ROM includes of this You to with when the To to the CD-ROM CD-ROM the and or The EMP optional; to to the If from the CD-ROM.
November PM the this first You to through the Click the of the of the to to the topic of choice. the arrow buttons the or the the right of the to through the If text and the to to to related topic. information, Information where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. the instructions to and connected to or Includes warranty brochures, CD-ROMs, and EPSON SM this the and the with
November PM from the the or the Download and to EPSON CD-ROMs includes CD-ROMs. The CD-ROM and includes the of this as as to On the Software CD-ROM, the optional EMP and its If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with basic carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the the warranty brochures included who their EPSON offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or overnight the To the CD-ROM that with and products, and services. You through the or or the to or You to software to Welcome
November PM RCA RCA USB PS/2 Unpacking the the the shown below: A/V R/C ON OFF to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying (such as the optional from EPSON). information about EPSON CD-ROM to Software CD-ROM (optional) PS/2 MOUSE
November PM Additional to the To (One usually with To from VCR or other BNC with the To to the the VGA to BNC To the through the sound RCA-to-3.5 or to these and the shown from EPSON; to VGA to the as wireless If USB If PC USB or PS/2 PC to the If to the EMP software to the which purchase from To of the Interface, DVI and of DVI You purchase this from EPSON;
November PM Optional Accessories To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product number and ELPLP12 throw ELPAL01 ELPAW01 carrying Samsonite wheeled ATA ATA mount ELPM334 mount ELPMBAST security ELPSL01 60-inch ELPSC07 80-inch ELPSC08 Wireless microphone and ELPCUS1 ELPPAS1 Remote to ELPST02 of Remote (includes and clip-on directly to (includes ELPAP01 and VGA to 13W3 connecting to ELPKC06 high-end workstations) DVI to DVI, ELPKC20 DVI to DFP, ELPKC21 You purchase these from or EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS35 ELPKS38 ELPKS39 ELPST04
November PM the his chapter to the or If to the or to or workstation A. instructions the following this Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to the
November PM Dont or the the or Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the Positioning the the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the the within of grounded or cord, and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. to the front of the leaving as as the and the to This the the front of the the and enough to the to to the below as to from the screen to the increases with the and whether the with other The shown based the to to to from
November PM If the below the of the to the as shown. the the to its the pressing the as the chapter. If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the height the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON; Optional Accessories
November PM To to and other A. If with RCA follow the instructions to the location of the to the Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and Connecting the and the turned off. of the to the the switch to the (to the as shown). If necessary, the of to the other of the to or If and cant the to the as shown from EPSON; switch to
November PM Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions. Connecting the Remote the as wireless through slideshow-style such as from to This to the whether round PS/2 or USB the round of the to the as shown. the other of the to the or USB If necessary, to with If to other and instructions. the If that round to the
November PM the Amplifying its sound however, If or sound quality, the to of the built-in and of the to the (Computer1) the the other of the to headphone or locations of which to If to other and instructions.
November PM Connecting to Sources You DVD player, VCR, or other to The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the PAL to PAL60 the as The and You the to or of these the If three connected, the selects as the The type of whether or the RCA included with the the that with the with or from the following of which type of BNC RCA Follow the instructions below type of the The TV
November PM the Connecting RCA the and DVD or other turned off. the yellow of the RCA to the the other of the to the RCA RCA the RCA to the and right the the white the and the the the the other of the to the
November PM Connecting If to higher which included with or purchased. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the other the of the RCA to the and right the (Match the and white to the and white the the other of the to the RCA the The Computer2/ and the the input. If connected to both interfaces, from of the
November PM The Computer2/ and the the input. If connected to both interfaces, from only of the the Connecting If them to higher BNC which included with or purchased. the and DVD or other turned off. the three of the the and (Dont the to the H/C or the of the the If the properly, to the BNC option the the RCA to the and right the (Match the and white to the and white the the other of the to the RCA BNC
November PM the connected the to or other (as ready to the the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the the
November PM the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter or A. Then turn as below, connected to You and than or connected, to switch to the as Turning On the Follow these to and the of the to the the other to grounded The light the indicating that the turned the
November PM Press the top of the light The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light and with the displayed. This of the following: Turn or should only: If New that found plug-and-play If the If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and to the from overheating. warning the when the This and the
November PM the What To If You Screen If or with the turning or of the following: the correctly, as or other the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting If connected than and/or to the or top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the If You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then and Sound. Click the Click top of the other top of the other.
November PM If this option isnt to of the Click the Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If PC Press the function that Its with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or Select the
November PM the the Once to To or below. If only of displayed, to the information. If the too high or too If the isnt If the or Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions.
November PM the to resized to the If only of displayed, with the Press the the The the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and If (using the the the to the the Height of If the too the the the foot release and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the attached to the If the the section. A/V the the this the
November PM the Tracking the the the If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or of the to the of the correction, slightly You correction the the Tracking and Synchronization If from and or the or increase the clarity the (or the the the This the and If necessary, the manually the Tracking and the Press the Tracking and Tracking buttons to Press the and to flashing, or the Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking
November PM the While to switch the or temporarily off the and sound. Follow the instructions below to theses features from You these features, as as others, using the as Chapter Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the buttons the (or to switch the On the the to switch the and the to switch and (BNC). the the appears. the If includes sound, the with the the the while the or of the Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To turn off the the A/V The To the back the A/V You such as the whenever the A/V instructions. the
November PM the received input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If using the the cord. If to the To the or the when the light or flashing the Shutting the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If connected or and through the (the or off), the first; otherwise to try turning it off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other light Press the The light flashes about as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the the and the cord. If VCR or other off off the and the protective
November PM the Remote The features from anywhere the to You to the and off, the and sound, and highlight as If connected the (as Chapter or A), the as wireless to or through slideshow-style This chapter covers the following information: Turning and the the and sound Highlighting the as wireless the Remote
November PM the following Dont and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. using the of A/V R/C ON OFF on/off switch light the Remote Turning On and the Remote the to its and it as below. Follow these to or the Press the to release the cover. the cover and the AA included with the as shown. the cover. Turning On the Remote Then the on/off switch the of the to If to the the round light The other buttons the should light temporarily. If they to the as
November PM the Remote the within about of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to the following instructions. to the to the Press the of the with thumbor and and the to To buttons, the cover below the the
November PM Select or Select Select the Remote the and Sound You the to the temporarily off the and sound, the action, the or and connected or as Chapter or A. Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the buttons the (or the to switch the Press the to switch and Press the Comp1 to first Press the Comp2/YCbCr to or the the appears. the If connected to the the sound thats through the To increase the the right of the To reduce the the of the
November PM Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to turn off the and sound and This useful to temporarily without the of bright To off the the A/V The To the back the Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the the Press the right of the to Press the repeatedly to to four Press and the to to the the to around the necessary. Press the of the to You the repeatedly, or and to the You the to to the Turn off or the Remote You such as the whenever the A/V instructions. Stop action
November PM the Remote You and the as First connected VCR or other RCA or as (You cant the If using to the option as Press the the The and then appears the appears the of the to and the the to the the You the to or reduce the the located and the the The and the finished the the The
November PM Highlighting You highlight the using the numbered buttons the You these effects to or to highlighting or Spotlight You the highlighting through the Effect instructions. the You choose from three of and them anywhere To the the appears the of the To Press to the third the to the wherever To the the the of the You then to with another around the or wherever To the the To the spotlight the Remote A/V R/C ON OFF You the Effect to
November PM You the to the and of the the Highlights You the to highlight of or To the the appears the of the This the the to the where to the Press the of the You the this of the the to the to where the of the to Press the of the You the outlined the You boxes the repeating through To the To the Spotlighting With the Spotlight highlight of the To the spotlight the of appears of the You to to three spotlight the to the spotlight where to To the spotlight, You the of the Spotlight the
November PM and Highlights With the or the to or highlight You choose from three of To the the appears the If If to another the to the and the (or and right the To the the You the and of the using the Effect
November PM A/V R/C ON OFF To left-click (and to the To right-click, the the Remote as Wireless the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to First connected the the and as or other that when the If to however, to the built-in To the the the the and the of the with thumbor and and the to This the To (or left-click), the of the This when To right-click, the To the To and the and then the to
November PM the the to the sound, and other features. You the highlighting and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound the highlighting Creating and other information Restoring the the
November PM the the The and the from the or The the and of the It the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and Contrast. The the and The the and the highlighting the The allows to or such as the (P P) A/V option, and The and or which then as or with the A/V option. The Advanced specify including and or The About information about and or The the factory the
November PM You the buttons the or to the and Follow these To the the the or the Tracking Tracking You the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. options Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal Preset :Select Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Select Select the
November PM A/V R/C ON OFF If to back to the and then the Press the or arrows or or the to through the Tracking Tracking the highlighted, the to The highlight to the first option that the arrow buttons or the to through the of options. (If or isnt connected, options the arrow buttons or the to the the selected option. indicated light, while Press the to to the automatically. Press (or the to the arrow buttons
November PM the The to the The options the which connected to the or or Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal Preset :Select DVI Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal :Select or Select Select Select Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal :Select Position Brightness Sharpness Advanced About Normal :Select the Select
November PM If repositioned the or the the the to the the Repositioning the Follow these to the Press the You the Press to the Press to the option. You the following the right of the the arrow buttons or the to the right, or the the Appearance Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the arrow or the to of the following Brightness or the the light and areas. Tracking only) from matching the internal clock to only) Corrects or the with the from the or only) the or intensity of the
November PM only) the of to the Sharpness Choose with bright (such as charts or or to only) this to allow the to the automatically. If the to with the and choose from this PAL PAL60 the correctly, and Recalling from and and to This than with the the each and them when necessary. Follow these to the Press the to the Press to the the arrow or to to the option and You the Selection with the displayed. the
November PM If to overwrite existing to the and the appears, choose and the Press to to the Press the or and Press to to the to the Preset the You the displayed the top right of the To another the the displayed. The to the selected the Sound You the to the sound or Press the You the Press the arrow or the to highlight You the following: Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the
November PM the arrow or the to the following finished the sound, or the Highlighting The highlighting and other of to as to You the to these and the highlighting. The option the highlighting to their Press the You the the arrow or the to highlight You the Advanced About :Select Press to the Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor the
November PM the the arrow buttons or the to Cursor/Stamp the and three the and length. the and choose from or with rounded or corners. Spotlight choose or spotlight. three each the and and choose and the arrow buttons or the to selections. finished the highlighting selection(s)
November PM Creating You to the and then as the displayed when the You to displayed when the A/V or as The photograph, or other to the the to the You from or such as VCR or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the or You the Press the arrow or the to highlight the Advanced About :Select Press to highlight and to You the shown the right. and selection displays the the arrow buttons the or the the to the of the to Once selected the the
November PM You as the Advanced to the the the this and If to the selected, and through You the shown the the arrow buttons the or the the to and then the this appears, and the the or other while the the the user completed, the or to to the Then to to the the as the and/or the thats displayed when the A/V Press the to the already displayed). Press the arrow or the to highlight the Press the to the Press the arrow or the to highlight Press the right arrow or the to This as the displayed when the If to as the A/V the arrow or to A/V
November PM Press the right arrow or the to This as the displayed when the A/V finished, or To the A/V to Press to off the You the to the the and other features. Press the button. the arrow or the to highlight You the features and their the right Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the Prompt A/V BNC OFF Black ON OFF Black RGB ON OFF the
November PM the the arrow buttons or the to the following options: from to from to the Selects the and to when the The displays that to the instructions to as the Prompt off the text that appears when switch from input to A/V Selects the or to when the A/V The displays that to the instructions to the A/V BNC the input to the BNC If the RGB. If the the Normally, the off when the input finished,
November PM Advanced You the Advanced to the or and other features. Press the the arrow or the to highlight Advanced You the features and their the right Effect Advanced About :Select Press to the Advanced the arrow buttons or the to the following options: Select from to the Turn to the or whenever the information. the of the Select to and K. Select RGB to red, and as shown. Select [English] ON OFF RGB Comp2Sync Termination Rear ON OFF ON OFF Select ON OFF the
November PM If the About when the to only the and the the Comp2Sync Termination Used testing. the operation. Rear Turn to from Turn when the mounted from the finished, and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the You the the arrow buttons or the to About You the hours and the right: Effect Advanced About :Select The of the about hours. If the shown to finished, ON Source Negative On Polarity Refresh Rate
November PM Restoring the The option the to their Effect Advanced About :Select Select and the the or to the Select to the or to the
November PM the
November PM warning clean of the off and the cord. the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and the to the clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the and it from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or service This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the Transporting the and Transporting the
November PM and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the then the
November PM Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Turn the its that the top and the easily. To the EPSON using and other office If clean the (such as If the to or the torn, or EPSON the United States and to included. You should the when the and Transporting the
November PM You to hours the used. and Transporting the If to the the catch to the its as shown turned to from To the first the then the catch clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The warning light flashing or The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To brightness and the as as or EPSON the United States and ELPLP12
November PM Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour screwdriver to the screw the cover. (You cant the screw from the cover.) the screw off the cover. screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown, and the straight (The the of the as the and the warning the cool If the the shards to
November PM the of the assembly. Touching the and Transporting the the (The of the Once the its screws. the cover and its screw securely. (The the the as the following section. the to the the of hours used. Follow these Press the and least seconds. You the and then the following :Select ON the ON
November PM the arrow or the to Press to the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the business first hard-shell carrying (such as the optional EPSON then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to carrying (such as the optional offered EPSON). and Transporting the EPSON incurred
November PM and the
November PM his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
November PM Dont the than seconds, or the the the On-Screen If or isnt the top of the or the cover the The following choices the what to the sound what to when isnt selection the information and of Follow these to Press the You the the or arrow buttons the (or the or the to highlight of the options. Then the or to Press the or to the (Press to back Press the arrow the (or the the to To the the If of the to the following
November PM What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended below. The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the The light the connected securely both the and the The warning light flashing red. the as If the the cover securely A/V
November PM as specifically this to service this yourself. Light The You or the to it flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant it back should the flashing and off of internal the and EPSON flashing The This to Chapter instructions. flashing The as If the the cover securely. The light flashing The too Turn off and cool. the and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as The light red. The overheated. Turn off and the cool then back the and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or it as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal EPSON to the below of the lights and their
November PM Light flashing The too Turn off and cool. the surrounding the and there of around and the Clean the necessary. The overheated and turned off. cool then back there of around and the If to overheat, to the instructions. flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the cover off. The If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the Brightness the correct. information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the
November PM You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as or A. restarting If connected than and/or to the or the or the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the to the Allow seconds the to the If connected or the BNC option the correct. information. the switch the interface to or DVI If PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or to both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or If using From the Apple then and Sound. Click the
November PM top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) The Not Supported displayed. UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the or the the information. If the right or of the off, to the tracking using the buttons the the or Tracking to the the correct. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and the to On the Apple choose then and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
November PM the Tracking the The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the the the the top. the or of the top of the the The or There or smears the Clean the as the the the the should to the the immediately. If the to to the factory If than or the reduced. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The or or If from the or the This the automatically. If that to the Tracking and manually using the buttons the each to the correct. It to (or the when when these
November PM The of the right. The incorrect. If the option the to the of red, and If the and the the option the Advanced to the There sound. turning the the and the right of the or the right of the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or or other the turned the or to You to this right-clicking the sound the A/V The selected. Press the or the the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the the of the used, exactly match the or
November PM A/V on/off switch R/C ON OFF with the Remote The to commands. the turned within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to or right and or below). The correctly or To the batteries, the light The other buttons the should light temporarily. If they to the as the lights and off the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant the with the the securely connected to both or USB and the or other
November PM Where To EPSON technical through services and services hours as the following and services Service Access World From the reach Access and EPSON FTP If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the EPSON To technical through to Technical and the the troubleshooting as Automated Telephone of services hours Services To these services, tone telephone and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
November PM please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epson.com (U.S. only). please
November PM A: Connecting to Additional This to the to or Macintosh, high-end workstation, than or DVI It the The following information covered: the Connecting to PC Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to high-end workstation Connecting to DVI A: Connecting to Additional
November PM front mounting A: Connecting to Additional the The three front or as shown: To from overhead, to the Advanced To from the rear, Rear Advanced Features If ceiling-mounting the and to to the This the to its You then the the function the Features or using the the If the with the top of the the and to If the than the top of the to the to the whole with the the from If to to the from the EMP the Software CD-ROM. to the to the
November PM To EMP V, the Software CD-ROM CD-ROM and follow the instructions the The the EMP You this the EMP instructions the Connecting to The internal enough and sound the to or (PA) If connected and to the the switch the with the whenever the chooses Switching Sources or To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 which included with sound or purchased from the and or PA turned off. the to the the RCA to the or PA the the and the white the of the A: Connecting to Additional
November PM A: Connecting to Additional Connecting to PC You the to IBM PC. This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the and Connecting the to the as Connecting the with Follow the each section the to off the and they Connecting the and This shows the follow the below. Disconnect the from the the back of the If the as as the the to the as shown. (This when to the the of the to the VGA)
November PM the other of the to the Tighten the screws the Connecting the To the as follow the below. whether round PS/2 or USB the round of the to the as shown. PS/2 or USB from the the back of and with the other of the while the as A: Connecting to Additional If PC with to the
November PM A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in to the of the to the (Computer1) the (Computer1) the other of the to the or the sound
November PM Connecting to You the to This section includes instructions the following: Connecting the and Connecting the to as Connecting the with Follow the each section the to off the and they Connecting the and This shows the (You to the as shown.) follow the below. the from the the back of the of the to the as shown. A: Connecting to Additional the location of the to which purchase from EPSON;
November PM A: Connecting to Additional the other of the to the the If to which from EPSON If to the the to the (If necessary, to the as shown below, and then the to the Tighten the screws the To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the of the Then the (with the the
November PM Connecting the To the as follow the below. If the USB the USB included with the If it round the the round of the USB (or to the USB the other of the to the or USB A: Connecting to Additional
November PM A: Connecting to Additional Connecting the If includes sound and to the built-in to the of the to the (Computer1) the the other of the to the or the Macintosh. (Computer1)
November PM Connecting to If to to the to the BNC the VGA to BNC which purchase from or these cant and the Follow these to to the interface BNC the VGA of the to the the the other of the to the R/Cr/Pr (red), G/Y B/Cb/Pb and as shown below. Remote To properly, the BNC option the to RGB instructions. If to hear through the RCA-to-3.5 purchase from or the Then the RCA the other of the to the the R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Audio(Computer1) (RS-232C) BNC A: Connecting to Additional
November PM A: Connecting to Additional If to the as wireless the to the PS/2 or the USB that with the the round of the to the the Then the other of the to the or USB Connecting to High-End Workstation of input to Since the leading workstations, workstation There workstation Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or connecting workstation.
November PM Connecting to DVI Source The Interface (DVI) directly from This the of clarity than VGA To follow these the DVI to the DVI Remote the of or screwdriver, the interface switch to the right. (If to the to the switch back to the If to this the to (to the as wireless the switch to right DVI R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Audio(Computer1) (RS-232C) A: Connecting to Additional You to when the DVI
November PM A: Connecting to Additional
November PM B: Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire: the with the the cords, or This fire or shock. B: Notices
November PM B: Notices the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country.
November PM Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based directly from the containing of the B: Notices
November PM B: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: LCD EMP-7700/ELP-7700
November PM FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. B: Notices
November PM B: Notices
November PM C C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches F=1.72.3, reproduction Brightness (ANSI) ratio to inches Projection to to rear, mount) 3W 3W aspect ratio ratio correction C: Technical Specifications
November PM C: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) About hours ELPLP12 Remote AA Supports PS/2, USB, ADB Remote IR Supports EPSON Remote IR 10-foot (typical projection) Height inches inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC,
November PM to to C) to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 DOC ICES003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC, 92/31/EEC EN Compatible The NTSC, HDTV, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGACGA VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 to to C) to RH, C: Technical Specifications
November PM C: Technical Specifications Refresh Rate NEC400 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA48i UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85
November PM Refresh Rate MACLC13 MAC II MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 HDTV480P (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480P (ATSC) HDTV480I (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480I (ATSC) HDTV720P (SMPTE) HDTV1080P (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480I (ANSI/SMPTE) NTSC (SVGA) NTSC (XGA) PAL (SVGA) PAL (XGA) SECAM (SVGA) SECAM (XGA) The resized that it displays of the C: Technical Specifications
November PM (RCA) C: Technical Specifications Interface Connectors VGA DVI R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y (RS-232C) optional EMP software VGA DVI switch Audio(Computer1) BNC or
November PM Assignments The (VGA) and the RGB, their assignments: (ID GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND (ID SDA C: Technical Specifications
November PM C: Technical Specifications and the below to to the from the Since the of the rotating the of each that the the or correction, inches inches inches inches inches Throw (ELPAL01) inches inches inches inches inches
November PM (ELPAW01) inches inches inches feet inches inches C: Technical Specifications
November PM C: Technical Specifications