WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-20250R1
easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to or of brightness. You to of and or from USB memory or or wireless The correction corrects and the to of from anywhere the the action, of the or the as You of computers to and Microsoft With the PC to and the Security To unauthorized this includes including and the to the buttons.
This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. the instructions to and to or or wireless Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Download and to
If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included customers who their offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight the brochure To the included and to products, and service.
the the the shown below: 802.11G/B wireless to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying information, and instructions. Additional to the To One with or purchase from software CD-ROM Remote and VGA Carrying USB
To from VCR or other You purchase from below. and the shown from below). to VGA Optional Accessories To of the the following optional Product V13H010L32 V13H134A08 ATA hardshell Samsonite wheeled shoulder Universal mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down ELPAP01 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 You purchase these from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS42 ELPKS35-S ELPKS43 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09
and the from or to follow basic to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the Turning off the
You mount the the or and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the the buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or and the the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from
To the the correctly and from overheating. and the the and other as Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning On the Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the of the the and the other The light light
Press the the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If -based to the New found If prompted to Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected (such as or DVD player). If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to You the Source buttons the to switch connected to the each or to wirelessly or from memory and the the when the This and To and the If to appear,
and the Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to try the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the off. If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the
If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected. and the
and the If OS to OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the Click as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Select
the Once to If the too high or too below. To or If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter the Height of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning the foot. the the to or manually the as and the foot
and the Focusing and Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the Shape or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the
If distorted, the buttons the or the Correction To when it the top or the following: Press of the buttons the as shown below. the with the of the the the or the and From the and the the to the as If the becomes the sharpness and the correction The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the to the aspect
You this to The with You the to off the and when received This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To and the Correcting If connected to and the right, the the or the the This the and If the the to the tracking or the information. the finished using the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other
Press the The off. the about seconds), the cord. (If the mounted the to seconds the to cool the cord.) If to the the light flashing, then the If the front foot, the foot release to the the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose Operation and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press or to The the the and the Turn the off when Continuous reduce the life. If when Direct On and the the when the restored.
and the
information and to the professional to the includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You to the or as wireless when from This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the using the of the Remote the Follow these the the the front of the or the within of the the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover as the cover off. AAA the and as shown. the cover as shown, then
the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each or to to wirelessly or from memory the the appears. the Remote
This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the the Remote Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This useful to temporarily redirect To off the the A/V The To the back the You the when the A/V You such as the Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the
of You of the the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its the To the the or the or You the the the Remote To temporarily off the sound and the A/V button.
the You the the to fits the to switch the aspect ratio and This or recorded normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the or the displays the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the the You the the to the of Press the repeatedly to from the following To match the of the displays Blackboard To the white that appear when projecting To increase brightness bright (the when from To the (the when from Theatre To increased To increase when TV or brightly
with the If connected to the with USB as the of This when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through slideshow. or to the to the the Press the once to left-click, or it to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where to release Left-click Right-click the Remote
the Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the the to the the the to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
Connecting to Computers, and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or You the to USB or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting Connecting to or other USB sound through the
If based to the New found plug-and-play with DVI to to DVI to VGA included with the to to the VGA If and cant the to to the as shown from Dont try to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and To to the Computer/ VGA the instructions below. to the to of the following: USB the as to Connecting to the You to the Computer/Component the VGA that with the (the If the VGA to the Computer/Component and the other to Then to You optional to sound through the or USB to the as
finished instructions turning the and the the If or the VGA when to If to the to the VGA to This from To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the VGA Then the (with the the Tighten the screws the Connecting to Computers, and Other
The function correctly that from earlier of using the of Right Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting the If connected as this chapter (using the Computer/Component the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, 98SE, or or OS to or OS to OS This function to to the the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB USB
Connecting to You to the the to its If Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source to to sound through the Connecting to Computers, and Other RCA VGA (RGB
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the player and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers, and Other
RGB If the players Also, the the to or Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting Source You or this You this (ELPKC19) from information. or the to and the Computer/Component the VGA If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers, and Other If the players
than and the directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting to or Other You USB memory USB or such as the P-2000 or photo. the USB specified Then slideshow function or the CardPlayer to there the the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the of the to or other Removing the USB If CardPlayer to the the USB from the the the EJECT the right of the CardPlayer Press the the to CardPlayer. the USB
Sound Through the You sound through the or To sound through the follow these the and it to the the If connected to the Computer/ If connected to the or and the included with the the other of the to the connector(s) or Connecting to Computers, and Other
Connecting to Computers, and Other Connecting EasyMP, the sound to with built-in amplifiers. to the to the option to instructions. To to the follow these the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to and cant the or to the
Presenting Through Network his chapter to to the through wireless EMP NS shown screenincluding text and graphicsdirectly to displayed PC or the instructions this chapter Starting Connecting to the or Access wireless security options wirelessly the wireless 802.11G/B EMP NS as each to to the Then follow the this chapter to EasyMP, and and EMP NS
the 802.11G/B to Other to the correctly and force the The of the from the when the the the instructions. Presenting Through Wireless Network Starting to the to switch to Follow these Turn the as the and the Press the the to as the the 802.11G/B the with the facing
Once the of these the currently selected Access If already and the to computer-to- or Access to Projecting Wirelessly with the section. Presenting Through Wireless Network If to LAN or memory to 802.11G/B properly
the NS software as To to the wireless or XP. OS or wirelessly. Access to to 54MB/sec (computer-to- to This of Presenting Through Wireless Network the You NS to to the and wirelessly or Access to the easy to and the only with wireless or or or with or Access the the and easily off the To wireless or or (or AirPort) station, and or with wireless or Follow the instructions below the to To (computer-to-computer) and wireless or as this section. the Switch the to and the 802.11G/B You this
To the the Highlight Wireless LAN and You the following selected, as shown If the the to highlight the to then to the when connecting to from If to highlight the text then The text to input Press the to alphabetical or to then the to the right to to the Presenting Through Wireless Network If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the
The each the off and then or and the the the Network whenever and that You cant previous It recommended that the Presenting Through Network character the If SSID or ESSID highlight the ESSID and the of that the ESSID the the type the the connecting to the If to to the highlight the WEB and of to characters. If to security that only people who the as the Then when to to the or the prompted NS the to these highlight the OK the top of the the the or the to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network ready to wireless to the Network below, or
the Network connecting to the to the or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Presenting Through Wireless Network On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information.
Presenting Through Wireless Network Right-click the Wireless Network and You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You to this: Click
wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the ESSID. Encryption Click the and that wireless or OK to the ready to to the Wirelessly software to allow to both and Access Typically, to ESSID from the the If detecting the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Double-click the Network You the Network Presenting Through Wireless Network
If the other them their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this Presenting Through Network Location to Select Select Network then Select Network the pull-down Click Apply Then the Click the the the top of the You the Choose the ESSID assigned to the to turned Select ESSID.
Access To Access first and wireless or as this section. the Switch the to and the 802.11G/B You this To the the Highlight Wireless LAN and You the following Access Presenting Through Wireless Network
If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to The each the off and then or and the the the Network whenever and that You cant using previous Presenting Through Wireless Network Access selected, as shown If the the to highlight the checkbox to Access then to the when connecting to from If to highlight the text and The text to input Press the to or to then the to the right to to the character the To to the the to ESSID, which the SSID of or the of (The of from that of station; the and to the of Highlight the ESSID text and that the ESSID the the type the the connecting to the If to to the highlight the WEB text and and of to characters. If to security that people who the as the Then when to to the displays randomized or the prompted NS the to
If assigns IP automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the following information manually: IP the IP to to the It other the The section should this Gateway the IP that assigned to the or when If to the using HP to least IP the these highlight the OK the top of the the the or to highlight then Highlight the OK and to to the Network ready to wireless to the Network below, or to If to WEP, WPA, or LEAP security options, to the option that network the Presenting Through Wireless Network about please If know or If AirPort, the and Then the Network to stations IP
On right-click Network or Network Neighborhood the and wireless the information. Presenting Through Wireless Network the Network connecting to the to the wireless or match the the Access wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Right-click the Network and
You to this: Click the Click the Advanced You this: Click Presenting Through Wireless Network
Presenting Through Network wireless or the type of or of the than those the Network to the SSID to match the assigned to the (which should the ESSID). Encryption the Click the and that wireless or OK to the wireless Right-click the Network and You this
Select and the You this If DHCP, IP the following IP and the information: IP the IP to to the It other the The section this the IP that assigned to the when OK Click the Wireless Networks (If this to wireless or clicking to the then follow instructions the to the Presenting Through Network about please network If or
Presenting Through Wireless Network You this: that to the It should with the to indicating If listed, and type the of OK to the ready to to the Wirelessly
Checking the Gateway IP If IP manually and to the IP (the IP of the wireless to the currently active, as the previous section. Then follow these wireless XP would Network and Then the Network You to this: Right-click and Right-click the Wireless Network and Presenting Through Wireless Network If the using this the software that with
Presenting Through Network Click the The IP as shown: Access software to allow to Access Typically, to from the the If to the follow these From the Apple pull-down Preferences Click the Network You the Network Gateway
Location to Network then Select Network the Click Apply Then the the Select station, then On the network matches ESSID. If the ESSID the Network text and If turned DHCP advanced the Network and the IP selected. If to Presenting Through Wireless Network If the other them their checkboxes. If than the software to off when first the this and To or the station, and Click then the If to IP the Distribute IP checkbox. to the stations IP and the first three of the IP to the first three of the stations IP
Presenting Through Wireless Network Click the the the top of the You the to turned Select the of Wireless Security You the following security options when to the wirelessly: WEP WPA security, or LEAP authentication. To these security features wireless or from the following sections to the security option WEP Encryption WPA Security LEAP Authentication
WEP Encryption the Security the Network this Highlight WEP and the WEP highlight or and Format, highlight HEX to input, then If chose highlight ID or Highlight the Encryption text and The to input Press the to or to then the to the right to to the character with and follow these WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. Presenting Through Wireless Network Text input WEP with with ASCII first. If that try Text2 and then Text3 If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to
If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to Presenting Through Wireless Network WEP with input, characters, from to and from to F. WEP with ASCII or text input, characters. WEP with ASCII or input, characters. highlight the OK the top of the and WPA Security the Security the Network this Highlight WPA and Highlight the PSK text and The text to input Press the to or to then the to the right to to the character the
highlight the OK the top of the and LEAP Authentication the Security the Network this Highlight LEAP then the and that match the authentication Highlight the text and The to input Press the to alphabetical or to then the to the right to to the character the Highlight the text and The to input Press the to or to Presenting Through Wireless Network If to the character that the A. If to numbers, the while holding the the Press the to
If IP allow to appear. If or DHCP IP AirPort), the to the IP Once selected the IP the Switch when NS If to to the EMP NS then Switch LAN the Presenting Through Wireless Network then the to the right to to the character the highlight the OK the top of the and Projecting Wirelessly Once and and or Access follow these to NS and wirelessly. 802.11G/B wireless EMP NS from the OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications The first NS to Select the IP and OK
You the below. (If previously NS this the first If the properly, listed. If the they listed, with their The of the to each its the connected the connected to another the connected to If the following: wireless enough to establish If Macintosh, the the the or network trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and that its SSID matches the ESSID. Macintosh, the Select Presenting Through Wireless Network If and locked, to If of these the troubleshooting information
The network than the To the the station, and Then The appears the AirPort Presenting Through Wireless Network the to turned and the ESSID or selected. of the (You should that the ready to If to NS the ESSID matches the SSID wireless or If station, the ESSID matches the that the ESSID the IP both and wireless or station. The first three of the IP should The of the IP should to the of the IP wireless interface, or station. and NS If follow the instructions Connecting IP to to the
Once the of appears, it and If than listed, and to them the If the selected already another to locked); the other If locked, to to when If the to connecting, this the displayed the Network and OK Once the established, to the and floating If necessary, the of the with the Presenting Through Network If encrypted, and encrypted This security the
Presenting Through Wireless Network the From the these NS features: NS the while and from to only) to only) and which the from HTML information. the the off the and sound. of the brightness, and switch the and switch the and EasyMP.
Clicking of the the to appear the clicking the displays the following If than the to the which to of the following Brightness Increase or brightness. Click to the top of the or to the (this option the and the Increase or from to the and brightness displays, bright Theatre and the arrow the right to the Click to Presenting Through Network
and routers they the this to automatically. Presenting Through Wireless Network Connecting IP You establish manually using IP and (Access only) or routers. NS You this Click the You this Select this Click
IP and OK You this Click IP You this the IP and Search Click the IP and Search Presenting Through Network You to to the If NS to from the with the first
You to while another using Follow the Presenting Through Network The IP appears the and searching displays. the found, its appears the This appears the search to the If the search to with the specified IP the searching If this to the IP then this Click the to to and the If than listed, and to them the If prompted the displayed the Network and OK The to the and appears the about using the floating
Switching To to the while another already (Access only), follow these NS You this Select the to and You this Click to The other disconnected and about the interruption: Select Presenting Through Network If and locked, to
Click the while the light or when wirelessly. You the or Presenting Through Wireless Network the Card Follow these to the from If NS the the light to isnt Then the The Access light Press the The wireless the straight Then the back to from
To memory and the EMP software only), as the type of to it with the Presenting from Memory Card, or from memory or connected to the with USB You graphics, or that slideshow using JPG and BMP graphics This chapter covers the following: the memory the and Creating slideshow the Presenting from Presenting from Creating to memory Presenting Supported
If to the the memory The memory functional when connected. force the the the If using CardPlayer, highlight the EJECT and the Then the light to off the Presenting from Memory Card, or Memory Card the Follow these to the memory the If necessary, the PC (ATA the (with the the with the facing The to turned off the Memory Card the and to the memory follow these the (the light to the should off). Press the the The Press the The memory released, and from the the To the from the as shown:
Creating Slideshow the Fly If memory containing assortment of them as slideshow. the Slideshow First the the memory Then follow these the the to highlight the containing and Select Slideshow From the the to Slideshow and The the as slideshow. the to the slideshow as the section. Slideshow While slideshow the as follows: Press or to the or or to Press to the or or to replay Presenting from Memory Card, or
Presenting from Memory Card, or Press the of the to or the To the slideshow the Press the to that to and Other each the memory the and other Select the containing the the slideshow to and From the the to and You this the to from the following selection, to the Continuous whether to the of the switching the each Choose to manually.
choose alphabetically or choose from such as or switching choose the to when slideshows, or or editing the appears whenever item and selecting or and the selecting and the To the the highlight OK and permanently with each off the or the memory Presenting From This section to CardPlayer and USB there memory the You the connected while memory neither the the function with CardPlayer. Follow these Turn Turn the and the theyre already Presenting from Memory Card, or the to internal slideshows. the of with or A/V to the or and slideshow directly to the You the or the to the or
shows as If USB mounted and with the software. The software If memory the the and Creating Slideshow the Fly You cant connected the Presenting from Memory Card, or as the the button the If with the DCIM DCIM appear the CardPlayer the the to the the and Select the the another with the the and Select You when the the the to and Select The the If of the to the while To the slideshow, the the then and Presenting From This section to or from or memory and USB there memory the You connected while memory neither the the function with EasyMP. Follow these or memory
Turn the and the theyre already Select as the the the the the to the the where or and Select the the another with the the and Select You when the the the to and Select The the If of the to the while To the slideshow, the the then and Presenting from Memory Card, or
To memory and the EMP software only), as the type of to with the Presenting from Memory Card, or Creating of and/or that from memory The to to and the EMP This the to that to the memory this existing that to to the If from scratch combining selection of other graphics, and Converting to Follow these to to Once the created, as the EMP closed. the to or the top of the EMP You that supported. Click OK EMP and one-by-one as they converted. this or completely converted.
that the slideshow mouse-click or as prompted. You as shown below. The of each of the At this or Building from and If there the that to right-click those and Inactivate Choose from the EMP (where assigned It within choose from the and and location Once to the memory PC (PCMCIA) Presenting from Memory Card, or You to the Dont directly to the memory or correctly.
Presenting from Memory Card, or Creating from Scratch this when to from selection of graphics, or to and the and the the and Double-click the EMP (or or EMP You the EMP selection
Choose New from the You the and thats easy to using to and numbers. Then from the following options: The location the and the Click to choose location. Click BGM(W) to the selection appears choose .WAV the the arrow to the right of the option to The Background appears around that the Select the Quality Higher-quality the to appear. Click OK You to the EMP with the instructions the section to Presenting from Memory Card, or The the of the
You the instructions this section to to existing appear Presenting from Memory Card, or Building from You from of the following types, or with other types: through .PPT JPEG (with .JPG (with .BMP or .DIB (with .MPG MPEG (MPEG1 supported) Follow these the the of the EMP to the to include JPEG, and appear as the Click to Click the each that to preview. The appears the thumbnail If the the If of appears.
and the to include from the or the (You thumbnail to the to the To include whole (instead of the the the the to Each appears The background to the type of the If to the To rearrange and them as within the To right-click the and To the animation its section appears the of the each operation. .EMA You as the section. Presenting from Memory Card, or effects Transition effects created smoother than those with EMP the seconds.
Presenting from Memory Card, or the or choose from the Then to the to memory EMP to manually or specified of You choose from of Click the or which to the To than the Ctrl while click. To the choose Select from the Selected yellow. Right-click the selected or The appears:
Click You this Click to manually Choose to to the If to manually the On click. If to automatically, the the Automatically You of and seconds this manually the To (such as or of the Effects and choose Direction finished the the selected or OK Click the or choose from the with the the section when ready to to memory Click to Presenting from Memory Card, or Select Transition smoother when them the and that to
Presenting from Memory Card, or Checking You to memory to and sounds the to. the the to the to Click the then to the Click Option(s) The displays. If the to to If to each the the to through Stop the the to or the
to Memory Card Once to memory or USB You of the following cards. PC to allow insertion the with to purchase PC CompactFlash Memory MicroDrive SD MMC ATA PC You to the Dont to the to memory or properly. to the below to that the properly: the memory PCMCIA or the USB EMP the the to the to Click the then to the From the Option(s) choose You selection Choose the where located and OK Click OK to to the Presenting from Memory Card, or Select memory You the memory PCMCIA (or the USB from the Option(s) If to the the selection If this and EMP
If than to automatically, they the this Presenting from Memory Card, or Once the this about The that the whenever the turned (with the memory the of the following: If the to automatically, to to the and the If to automatically, OK and with the following instructions. You the To to automatically, from the the of the and the arrow to to the the right. Click the to continuously. Clear the to once.
OK the from or the USB instructions the If using or first to to or the Presenting the memory containing the as The follow these to Turn the already If to as as the If to to manually. with the following Select as the the the You the below. JPEG displayed as thumbnails. Other or displayed as Presenting from Memory Card, or You connected while the memory If neither the the function with software.
than If the and buttons the to to automatically, manually as Presenting from Memory Card, or the the to highlight and appears the the to and with the to highlight EJECT the right of the and the to LAN or memory to memory instructions). While the as follows: Press or to the or or to to the or or to Press replay Press the of the to or the To the the Press the to that to
Editing the You the This such as the of or These permanently with the as as the the and the turned Highlight the to then From the You of the To the to and From the (or appears the the to the where to the and The to the To highlight the to and From the Show/Hide If and to the this to the highlight the OK and Presenting from Memory Card, or Indicates to
Presenting from Memory Card, or Supported The following from memory or memory Notes These created the EMP that included with the Graphics played. with than projected. Projection CMYK and with of Projection with of MPEG2-PS If the of or the as DVD header each GOP) played back. DPOF DPOF (where and projected. JPEG with the and cant or as or JPEG with high as from with The MPEG-1 Linear PCM and AC- played back.
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the features the security and operation
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the ON ON OFF OFF the the and
the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and the or the the You each Select from these increased bright (the Presentation: (the when from with Theatre: with increased increased brightness when or TV bright matching the of displays. Blackboard the white
Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the of the only) the of to the or NTSC Sharpness the sharpness of the the Select to and K. RGB to red, and (Not selected as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB the The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High You the to the and
tracking or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. the the to highlight the option, then it as this ON to the Turn off to to the Tracking this to the this the appears or Turn this ON to the OFF If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to If the right the the the type of to the Computer/Component RGB that this PAL (then PAL60
You the to the buttons the and other features. the of the the upward. If or the the Sharpness Automatically when the upward. This when the front (and of the buttons the the information. choose from three information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. the
You the the Its to write If the the Protect Release appear. You and the the or lowers the of the sound from or MPEG to with built-in amplifiers. the as shown the Security To of the the following: Assign this to the to user that and/or when the A/V pressed. the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the If the the it displayed as the and/or Unauthorized off or This to theft and to the should Protection To unauthorized the If appear the whenever the and turned If incorrect three the and the and to redisplay the If incorrect thirty the to the
The the Protect function OFF Follow these to protection Press the the about seconds. You this to ON Protect to ON the Then Press Select and to the and the the and the to four (The the Then the to the Press the the to the If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the every turned the to 0H the If the to the the
the The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the the the It appears when the A/V selected the as the Background the of the the when the Protect function Starting the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The the deactivated, and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and the back
the Protect Release to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To Creating Screen You from or to the and then as You as the displayed when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and the
the whether the as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow to and the as appears, and the or while the the Completed to to the Choosing to the as the You to as the when theres or when the A/V Press the highlight the and and Highlight Background and Select and finished, to
the the Operation function, the buttons the Press the button, highlight the and Select and the Select ON and Select and to the Press the to and You the to the the displays or off, and other operations. this to off the of the background or off the as the
If Direct ON the connected, and the when the restored. the Projection Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the of the the cool-down off. You to hear the Direct ON to the when the (without the to the off (and received) Select Network ON to the to when (the light 21L this to to the from USB-connected Select from to the
software included with and from EMP only) to switch and basic the function to about SNMP, such as HP to facilitys from optional from You NS to to as group. This allows to and easy to these from other computers. To the software to first EMP as If to EMP NS Then and each to You the wirelessly Access or wired (as This chapter covers the following information: and with EMP to of to the
If to while they the then Network ON EMP EMP to whether connected wirelessly or wired It easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software only) as The to the should already connected to and Closing EMP To EMP or EMP If the to the then If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP right-click the shown and Click to EMP
follow these to them: Click or EMP or the EMP the You this Click You this Click to currently operating the and the IP Click Click If to the connected or correctly the to the wireless
To from the highlight the and found the as shown below: Select each to clicking its then clicking the You this with of Click Click
You the of each of the EMP The EMP screen the Source, and shown below. These which currently used, from which (or they and Source information, the and To when turned Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
The following the of the Projecting; Turned off; Turned off; Network connected to the or disconnected). You this Network OFF selected The following the of the Computer/Component Computer/Component
The following the of the icons. recommended to The buttons the and or off. the to of its function.) Select the to (with the clicking of the buttons. (the nearing the of its life; High-speed cooling (the too to Overheating turned off automatically) or cover buttons To when selected Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
The or to to to To Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the The following the functions of the buttons: buttons the the off the to the Computer/Component the to the Computer/Component the to the the to the Switches the to EasyMP You to of with the wireless network or wired LAN the wireless and to Access as Turn and Press the the to switch to EasyMP.
You the following Select the right of the and the the below, and
To with the the and the Press the to You the following ON and Highlight the IP of SMTP and The yellow to input You and the following IP or (where and Highlight the and Then the SMTP The and Highlight the Destination and the the first that to You of characters. the the to Press the top of the to through and the of the to through lowercase You such as and such as the or Then the right of the to to the To the of the to to the previous
If to to other computers, those the Destination and Destination boxes. Select the which highlight the OK the top of the the the or and Highlight the OK and to to the Network the section. the If to each of the EMP NetworkManager. The includes the The of the The of the The IP of the The to the reported EMP If appears, that occurred. appears when the If to the
You cant to to If Microsoft or The or to to To Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the to If connected to or wireless or LAN), to and each the wireless the and the Access as the and the IP of the to the If what the it and switch to EasyMP. Then choose Wired LAN or Wireless LAN and You this, which shows the IP If connected wired the the as shown below.
If connected wireless NS and to the to Then the that appears the The the Select of the options the then as the of the These to those found the the the of the as the buttons: choose the action, the the off the and sound, or the or off. about the Functions to buttons
IP when the to group. If DHCP, the IP every off and and to the group. If of the IP than the first of the should You as to and easy to other computers. You or information as to another connected to the Access and the network as the to the group, or the that or information. Creating You to as group, and of wireless NS Click the button the EMP NS You this these Select IP and
Click the Advanced button. You this the the Then the IP of the to the IP You the or
To from the group, from the and Click The IP appears the of and the searching appears If the found, its appears the and each to to the group. Click OK to the as group. confirmation Click to the Advanced Click OK to the then NS
Connecting to Follow these to to group: NS Click the the EMP NS You this Select these Select IP and
From the choose the to to and OK the IP (If the the IP rather than search this
You this Select the Then Select the to to and If to to The appears the Exporting You information as to another the wireless This useful to with users. NS Click the the EMP NS You of the the You cant group, to the to to If wireless to as
If created the You least the active. You this Select these boxes Select IP and Click the Advanced You this Click to the
Highlight the NSGroup.ini and to Choose location the and To to the from the follow the You information as to another the wireless NS Then the the EMP NS You this Select these boxes Select IP and
Click the Advanced You this Click On the the to and The of of the the to the the Advanced To to the from the follow the
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the and the the and of the to the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the
thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Cleaning the and Clean the and hours of If they cleaned periodically, they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the the light to flashing, then the cord. Turn the To clean the and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to the To V13H134A08. information.
should the To the the the that the and should to the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the warning light flashes To and quality, the as as The light flashes (the burnt or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L32. Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
Turn the Press the and the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right these screws the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
the Once the its screws. the and the clicks the cover then the cover the as the section.
the the to the the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this Select Hours and You this Select and finished, or to the
incurred the Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the optional from
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights operation with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt pressing the top of the or the The following choices with with sound with search Follow these to Press the the or the You the the the or the arrow buttons the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant it back (and should the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the light
lights Light Flashing There with the or Stop using the the and as Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the securely If thats the the cool, the and as If this the as Flashing off of internal the and as The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and highlight the Info You the hours and input the right. The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of The If the when the the connected to the and The the from the outlet and as The buttons the If the function cant the buttons the using the instead. information about the function. You hear the the turned off. If to Network ON the to the cooled information about this The information the input currently selected.
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The or If the light the to turn the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the off temporarily. The attached or the If from DVD or other and its connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as restarting If and or to the Source Search the or of the buttons the to the Allow seconds the to the
If using PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. If using OS to From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
The Not displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the the the information. Press the the Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and OS to On the Apple choose and and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. The or If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD the input selected the The There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to the from to the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the and as the section. If the to to the factory
of the used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. If the option the to the If the and the You the and the
the Brightness and the to the The to replaced. instructions. There sound, or the sound enough. Press the the or to increase the A/V (The A/V pressed.) the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. If the securely connected to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the If to the option to this cant the buttons the or to the or information.
Network You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the to Network ON If the XP or as the restarting You cant to the using NS the correctly the If to the NS or the to the and correctly; or (Access that wireless On Macintosh, the the the wireless or of the (You should that the ready to If to NS If the Access and using DHCP, allow to appear. It the while to the IP
If or or allow or the to appear. If using AirPort, turning off and then that trying to to the right that to the or that wireless or and its SSID to match the ESSID On Macintosh, the the top of to turned and the ESSID or selected. If or and DHCP, IP the Access advanced The first three of the IP should to the first three of the IP of or station. The of the IP should to the of the IP of the or station. If DHCP, Gateway the Access advanced It should to the IP or station. If using each the off and then or and the wireless the the Network and the If AirPort, the of the station, and Click the Network If to DHCP turn Distribute IP and IP If and DHCP turned off Access advanced Distribute IP off.
If using and connecting to the interference from another or station, then NS If AirPort, the ESSID should match the the of the station. To the the station, and Then The appears the If prompted when the WEP WEP using IP displayed with appears distorted. of their JPEG correctly. JPEG from with high ratio appear blurry. EMP appear the EMP or created these of and or EMP thumbnails and cant the MS Office JPEG the Office the and option, and the JPEG Also, the to the
You cant EMP they to the memory You only they the then the to memory You cant slideshow to the memory to the You the memory PCMCIA from the Option(s) If this and EMP You cant the The MPEG2 It MPEG1 included cant played back to the or or shows as when to If USB-mounted and with The
with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the within about of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. Where To technical through services hours as the following Service World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and
Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
You wireless from OS X, only the from location Software software CD-ROM includes the software to the featuresfor wireless to memory and the from location. Software CD-ROM includes EMP and EMP Network and the from location. the software, these Microsoft or XP or network or wireless (to EMP NS IBM PC with least III At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of SVGA or and (XGA or recommended)
Software the software, the following OS or or wireless interface or At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of free SVGA or and (XGA or recommended)
the Software Follow these the CD-ROM computers CD-ROM or DVD You this Click then follow the on-screen instructions to software. If that the GDI testing, the Software
Software the Software Follow these to EMP NS the software CD-ROM If necessary, the CD-ROM to its Double-click the OS You this Click then follow the on-screen instructions to the software. the
his the location, such as theater or The four front mounting, or as shown: Rear mounting To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling as the Projection option of the to the upside-down. To from the rear, Rear or Rear/Ceiling
If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the using the function the If the that the of the with the of the the should and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the
Technical Specifications of TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness High Brightness correction Supports USB (type B) correction)
Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L32 Remote AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to to RH
United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 DNX this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Refresh Rate XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV480i SDTV SDTV The resized using
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily fiche the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the firmly the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through the of the
Notices as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. strong light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers America, Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-755/765
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the receiving Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Notices
Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or previously refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices
A/V to Access IP of, to Accessories, to cleaning, replacing, to AirPort, wireless, to to Anti-theft Aspect ATA to troubleshooting, turning off A/V using with Authentication, Background Blackboard Blackboard, to Blurry Brightness, Brightness Browser, with, to C to CardPlayer, to to Carrying mount, to Cleaning CMYK correcting, to CompactFlash memory cards, (RCA) to to, to correcting selecting Connecting to to to to to to to
Continuous Declaration of Conformity, restoring, DHCP, to, from, to Direct On, from to DPOF, to DVD connecting, to the to to software, to the to to to to software, to to browser, with, to specifications, to EMP software, to EMP NS to creating disconnecting, encrypting software, to to wirelessly, to switching users, to EMP to creating to to to to memory to Encryption, to specifications, Support, technical to ESSID, Exporting to from, to FCC Focusing Gateway connecting to, to creating, to exporting, to to
HDTV Height of to HP to to and to correcting to with, to chalkboard, selecting to and turning off A/V to to Info Access selecting, to to software, to IP to anti-theft correction, to of hours used, replacing, to specifications, light, to to, to to to selecting LEAP authentication, cleaning, Lights, to to to Memory types, from to, to Memory Stick, to restoring, to Info, to to EMP to HP receiving to browser, to
connecting using to MPEG, Network remotely, to to wireless, to Network Network to to to New to Supported NS EMP NS Operation aspect protection, to access, PC PCMCIA selecting, to Index Positioning to to specifications, light, to to to to to to to Presentations to to and the tool, to wireless, to Pre-shared wirelessly, to to to to to sound, on-screen Projecting without
carrying cleaning, Connecting buttons, from to to specifications, to remotely, to protection, to to specifications, to troubleshooting, to turning off, to turning to information about, PSK, Rear-screen to Remote A/V as wireless used, connecting correcting information, slideshow with, to specifications, switching troubleshooting, memory wireless to the instructions, to specifications, to sound, background to creating, to location, the exiting, the to to automatically, to memory to to to from creating, to switching Security protection, to Sharpness to type),
EMP the to cards, Software to Sound to troubleshooting, Source selecting, specifications, connecting, effects, to Specifications brightness, creating, to lights, to Support, Technical Switching users, Switching Synchronization, Technical to light, to Theatre Thumbnails, Tracking, to Transporting Trap IP Troubleshooting to to cut-off to to and sound to to to to wireless to to Turning off (using A/V Turning off to USB to VCR, connecting, to to supported, to selecting
Warning lights, to Warranty, to with, to WEP to wireless, to to manually, to to LEAP authentication, network to to to WEP to WPA security, Wireless, WPA,
Card Foot foot Computer/Component USB Rear foot PL755c765c_UG_CPD20250R1.indd PM Remote Security USB section of (right Switch connected to Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Select Access on-screen or switch aspect ratio
Computer/Component Card Foot foot USB Rear foot PL755c765c_UG_CPD20250R1.indd PM section of Remote Security cover (right on-screen Switch connected to USB Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Select Access on-screen or switch aspect ratio