S5
WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without Inc. Information Copyright Notice
S5 Series/77c that offers ANSI (S5 or ANSI of brightness. From to and bright and ordinary of S5 or 3LCD and to theater-quality performance. You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple (including G4 and G5 computers, and and With patented the of displays. You of the following HDTV, VCR, DVD (such as Microsoft PlayStation and or The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM You to three to the the The buttons easily switch them. With the Source Search to input the the the
To of the which to the and the buttons through the information about security features, the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to the to or USB to the shows, and to the Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, and other to instructions. the The switch from to of or the and other features. Chapter USB to the to through computer-based (such as from to information,
includes warranty brochures, and The instructions to and to or This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about Information about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and The art, and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the Cluband free. Press the the or to Download and to If checking this and the the service to fast. and the PIN information.
and Warranty with carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the the warranty brochures that with offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the Service brochure To the that with and to products, and services. Unpacking the the these items: VGA Remote and Protected Carrying
to the the (or when to the to another location. USB Remote of foot Foot release input Rear foot A/V
attaching mount attaching mount Security S5 and and items Lights and buttons and items Lights and buttons and items and and items
Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other which from and to VGA To or To the to USB or
To purchase (U.S.) or Optional Accessories To of the the following optional Product Product V13H010L41 (includes V13H134A13 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down ELPDC05 high V12H162020 security ELPSL01 mount with plate Security bracket/cabling mounts You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPSC80 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC
the his chapter to the and to or You to three three or and instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to
the Positioning the the to where to If the and isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the somewhere and from the the below to exactly increases with the and other S5 to to to to to
these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord. to the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the isnt this the shaped, instead of or If the below the of the to the front foot, as This the to its You the the buttons the or using the On the the corrects the automatically. information about correction. If necessary, the manually as Other Installations You from the or from the with the mounted upside-down: (using the You the Projection from the and Downloads section of The corrects only). information,
If with RCA follow the instructions connecting to the To from overhead, the optional mount information.) to or Rear/Ceiling the option the To from the rear, Rear information. Connecting to You the to that VGA or BNC including PC and computers, and and Follow the instructions this section to: the to with the VGA included with the the to with VGA5BNC connecting the to to: USB to that the as wireless to the as as on-screen the to with to
Connecting with the VGA Follow these instructions to to with the VGA that with and the turned off. If connecting the to the from the VGA that with the of the to the the other of the to or If using or and cant the to optional If to the and the Connecting Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or VGA VGA the
VGA-5BNC the Connecting with VGA-5BNC If through BNC follow these instructions to the to with optional VGA-5BNC and the turned off. the from the VGA to the the BNC to BNC If to the and the Connecting Tighten the screws the VGA If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or VGA-5BNC
Connecting USB Remote You the to through slideshow-style such as from to This easy to to To this function, USB with USB and the of of these operating 98SE, XP, or OS If the from the of the USB to the USB USB the of the to USB If necessary, to with If to other and turn instructions. the about the to
LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or the Connecting If to as as the to the This while the turned and or switch the A/V the to off the only when the connected to the the and off. Then the to the as shown: If to other and instructions.
Sound Through the You to of the built-in You to RCA from or the RCA the to the the the other of the to headphone or or or If to other and turn instructions. RCA the
The TV the Connecting to Sources You DVD VCR, or other to You to three The HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the It RGB and The type of the RCA A/V the with or from RGB the VGA included with the the optional to the to to sound from through the built-in instructions.
Connecting Source If connecting RCA A/V the and DVD or other turned off. the RCA of the to the the yellow the other of the to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or yellow RCA the
the Connecting Source If to higher which usually with or purchase from ELPSV01). information. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the and the other the of To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or
Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to or that RGB the VGA that with the the and DVD or other turned off. of the VGA to the the the other to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the as the the Source Search the or VGA the
the Connecting Source If them to higher which purchased from ELPKC19). information. the and DVD or other turned off. the of the to the the three of the the and To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to as the the Source Search the or the
Sound Through the The built-in with of W. You sound from through the RCA-Style this to the to the and white of the to the the the and white the other of the to the If to other and instructions. and white the
the this to RCA to to the the and white the to the the the other of the to output If to other and instructions. and white
the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter Then as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected to the manually. Turning On the Follow these to and turn the the A/V cover). of the to the
the other to The light top of the indicating that the the light flashing Turn or already. Press the top of the to (You the the The and the light flashes as the The about seconds and the light If should or If to the only: If that found plug-and-play If to the Source Search the or to switch to Then the DVD or other If prompted to If the the first to the as the warning the when the This and Projecting
The of the selected appears the right of the Projecting To and the If to appear, What To If You with the as Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as and DVD If the the Source Search the or the projected. Remote If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other What To If You Screen If screen or with the turning or try the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the A/V selected the the previous section. Allow seconds the to the
the to the input selected. If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the If from and the the and to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or
If using with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then or Displays. VGA or LCD or and checked. Click Select
the Once to To or below or If the too high or too If the isnt To brightness, If displays incorrectly, To the and surroundings, You other to the as the brightness, and aspect ratiousing the Chapter information. Focusing and S5 the to the
Projecting Press the the to the or the to reduce You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. Focusing and the to the and the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the the to of the instructions.
the Height of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Once the where release the to the foot If the the section. the If the or the that distorted. To the or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt follow the instructions this
If or to the correction Press the or buttons the to the of the correction, slightly S5 On the to instructions. You the the Brightness The brightness of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the the of the and the
Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the or the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to OFF the function the You the and buttons the to increase or the the built-in On the the buttons the to the Press the to increase the or the to appears the while the You the using the You the each input Projecting
the input off the and This electricity, the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You or off through the Turn off this when to the of the To the or the when the light or flashing the finished the follow the recommended to If using first; otherwise to to it properly. To off the the the or You this (If to off, other or seconds Press the The the turned off, and the light With theres cool-down and immediately turning off the If to the the Press the foot release and the to the front foot. the A/V the cord. Turn off and the If the awhile, the that with or protective
the Remote from anywhere the to the and off, the of and the (The Chapter If using and connected USB as Chapter the to the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to This chapter covers the following information: the and sound the
the Remote the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, or the and connected as Chapter Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the Source Search the or to switch the the screen the appears. The of the selected (such as or appears the the You to the to that the and the which Press the the If or RGB the which bright
The following the with bright input only). Sports TV bright or input only). when bright Text when and white bright Theatre when Brightest bright when conforming to the Blackboard Choose this when to chalkboard. You the to the the the Remote
the Remote Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the or the A/V the to off the and sound and This useful to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V or the A/V the The To the and sound back the or the AV You such as or to the whenever the A/V information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however. Also, the to the action from the Press the to
Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the four arrow buttons the to the crosshair the to the to the selected to While the the arrow buttons to about. Press the to the SC to to the the Remote
You or to the aspect You the aspect ratio the the Remote the Aspect Ratio If the Aspect the to the aspect Follow these Press the Aspect once to the aspect ratio to Press to to aspect You the to through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to To with the connected to the with USB as To the the Press the to back
the The AA Follow these when to them: Press the to the cover. the then the as shown. the cover. (It should the The off when than seconds. This life. It helpful, when the carrying and the pushed. the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of
the Remote
the the the or to on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the and clarity the input features Selecting options and other information the security features Restoring the
the the The and the features: The the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The to the input You input the and aspect and tracking and The the the It allows to the and correction, brightness to high or and buttons the while The the the the options, the or and or to as the or whenever the A/V the The Info information about and or The the factory
the the or the to the and Follow these Press the the or to the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the and arrow buttons the or to through the highlighted the the the (or the the to The highlight to the first option that the and arrow the or to through the of (The options which selected.) options the S5
the highlighting the option to the or the or or right arrow buttons the to the to the to the Press the or the or the or right arrow buttons the to To from or the or buttons or arrow to highlight the then Press the to to the previous or to the the automatically. Press the to the
Colors and Clarity The to the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The options which selected: and RGB and Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the
You High or the the the and arrow buttons and to of the following options: Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or with bright input only). Sports: TV bright or input only). bright Text: and white bright Theatre: with (the or Brightest bright displays (the when from with Blackboard: projecting Brightness or the the and areas. and the or intensity of the and the of to the
Sharpness or the and tones. with (warmer tones), while higher with (cooler tones). the and of red, and the correctly, or the
the the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the and or the aspect ratio to Press the You the Select the You of the following and RGB and
Press Then the and arrow and the to of the following this ON to the Turn off to to the Tracking from the clock to information about the Corrects or the with the tracking from the information about the the arrow buttons to the the right, or this ON when or that interlaced-to-progressive fast-moving If while switch this to OFF Selects the from connected to the If this from to of the following: RGB or RGB or the If repositioned the then the the to the
the and this PAL PAL60 Aspect the aspect ratio (ratio of to height) to or and to widescreen You the top of the or (Down) the of the finished the or
The the the from brightness and to applying security Press the Select the S5 the
To the function from the the about seconds. the Press Then the and arrow buttons and the to the following from to only) from to when the foot or retracted. (Not when from the or Select ON or OFF S5 only) the from to turned this function buttons, or buttons the to this the off the the light to steady turning information. Brightness when the too bright the The reduces electricity and High to the brightness. the Brightness the the the finished, or
Selecting the to the the You the rear and/or the the and the background and or the Press the Select the You the features and their the right Press Then the and arrow buttons and the to the following options: or off. Background: the background to Black or when or of the when the turned A/V the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. Turn to the or whenever the turned information. the the Protect turned
Direct turned the to the off, the light steady then the cord. the Projection front of the front of the mounted from the Rear: the Rear/Ceiling: the mounted from the To from to or Rear to Rear/Ceiling and the A/V the seconds. Direct this as as the cord. You to the the off the input of (as the the of the off automatically, from to This to the off when the A/V closed than High the turn this to that the internal of the properly. Turn this off 21L Turn this the from with the EMP 21L software and the USB This software from the (You the off and then and USB to this
Select the to the finished, or and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and the Info You the following information: the of hours the used. The of the from about hours High to about hours brightness If the shown to or the information red, Source the input currently projected. RGB and the input RGB and the input and the Refresh Rate RGB and the refresh Info RGB and information that the service technician. the You to of the the The the least hours.
If should to the and the to the the to proceed. the information about This information service required. finished, or the Security To unauthorized of the the following: that displayed and/or when the A/V Assign the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the while the anti-theft If the the as the and/or Unauthorized users off or This to theft and to the should If assign the appears the whenever the turned If the incorrectly three the and to the cord, then to redisplay the If incorrect the and to to Where To the of the buttons the button.
Creating You to the and then as the and/or the that when the A/V The photograph, or other to The this the Follow these to the and to the the to the You from or such as DVD Press the and the the arrow and to to the as and selection displays the the arrow the or to the of the to Once selected the the this choose and If to the selected, and and the If the Protect function ON that the recorded. to the Protect function or the
The the option ON If the Screen to OFF the If the Protect function to ON the Background You to the function off first. Once the to its factory If already the Protect Release Starting the with the this and then the as and the the or other while the the Completed To the as the background when the A/V pressed, the and Select and Select Background and Then and finished, to the Press the the about seconds the Protect
Select and You the the Select and the buttons the as shown. The displayed as the appears. the You the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and Press the the about seconds the Protect To the On Protect and Select ON then To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the turned the Screen the and as the A/V selected the as the Background the of the features when the Protect function Press to the Protect If the to the the You the to the as theft the buttons
the the with the function this when the the buttons the to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release try to the If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To If incorrect the locked and to the serviced.
the You the function to the buttons, or the Press the Select the and the and arrow buttons to and the to the buttons, or to the Then Select and to the Press the Security You of security the You the security the of the to Security www.kensington.com. You to the to or heavy as shown below: the To the seconds.
The S5 only), and to their when To the input, the option the To the the option the To the the option the the Restoring the The to their It the hours to their instructions the To and the to the Select to the or to
of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transportation to the clean. or smears the You to the and or to cool the and overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the Transporting the
to the and Transportation Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the clean the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If collects the or the of the them as below. clogs and overheating and the the and clogged, the displays the The overheating. nothing the and or the To the and follow these Turn off the allow to and the cord. To the and recommends and other office If clean them (such as paintbrush). You the to clean both If the to or the torn, or to V13H134A13). and Transportation
ABS resin, and polyurethane of to You to hours the used. Turn off this when to the of the warning the cool If the the to and Transportation If to clean or the as shown. the as It should the The typically about hours of high brightness or hours brightness It to the when: The or to The light flashing The the appears the when the To brightness and the as as or V13H010L41. Follow these to the Press the to off the hear the the cord.
If the allow to least hour (or the cool). the screwdriver included with the to the screw holding the cover (the located top of the the cover then off. the screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant the screws.) the as shown and straight Dont these screws and Transportation The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
the of the assembly. Touching the to seat the and the cover. If the properly or the cover the the the If the the of hours that the used. and Transportation Gently the the If easily, facing the the where the PUSH appears. Once the its screws. the cover (The should covered, and the top of the cover should with the top of the Then the cover closed and the screw. the as the section. the You the the to clear the the warning Follow these the and the Press the the or and the Then You the following:
Select the option and You Select and Press to to the or the to the the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first the carrying then firm using cushioning around the hand-carrying the to the carrying and Transportation incurred
and Transportation
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the the or Follow these to Press the the or You the the and arrow buttons the or to highlight the to Then the to the Remote
Highlight this choice Then the to the Press the to back If the to of the and right arrow buttons the or to To the the If of the to the following What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended the following light light light
light light light Flashing Flashing Flashing There internal the Turn the off and Flashing There with the or Clean the and If this the the off and Flashing the with as as instructions. If to the there Flashing The or correctly; or the cover the cover or or reseat the necessary, as Also, the and If using the High as the the If these The overheated and turned off. cool about then back there of around and the the and If to overheat, to the Flashing The too the surrounding the C) and there of around and the Clean the and necessary. instructions. Flashing The the light to flashing and The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally.
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the A/V If the the Press and the the seconds to release the The or If the input off the to the and If the light the to the Press the A/V to the off temporarily. If the switched off and then the light flashing and then the the or the to the selected information. turned off the of the the Brightness the or High the Brightness the or The or the
Nothing appears the the VGA connected to and the the from to the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter the to or turned If connected and or to the Source Search the or the to the Allow seconds the to the If connected to If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the computers might to the the to that both the LCD and or
If using or with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or then The Not Supported displayed. XGA the or SVGA the S5 and the the If necessary, as below. the selected the It should normally to The buttons the The Press and the the seconds to release the lock. of the displayed. If from or RGB the the If this or from or to the the information. If of the the the the to and to the Aspect the to aspect ratio (ratio of to height).
and activated. Ideally, the should the or the S5 to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: On the Apple choose Preferences then or Select You to existing created them software information. The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the upward, the the top. Turn correction as only) or the or buttons top of the the The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD
If from or the the If PAL this to PAL60 the securely connected both Select the Compatible If from the the or the the to and automatically. If that the and Tracking the The the using the There or smears the Clean the as the You to the from the within the the Sharpness the You should to the the immediately. You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the tracking and
of the used, exactly match the or If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing when these to appear as background. white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. selecting instructions. If the and the instructions. the Brightness and the the the the input the matches the from the connected If the too and connected or RGB to the as the input If connected to of these If from or the selected the to the If the the nearing the hours as and necessary, as
There sound. Press the the only) or the the to the If turned off the and sound, the A/V the to them If using DVD or other its turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter the connected to the If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or The selected. Press the Source Search the or the to the You the the that appears the Protect Release and Where To If turned the the and the The You the to the If necessary, purchase from
with the The to commands. within of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). If the than seconds, the Press another operation. The correctly or the as the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You the You the to features. If another from The and buttons the the USB securely connected to both USB and the USB connected to the the
If 98SE or to USB from CD-ROM. the both the and the to the Where To these technical services: to with the S5 S5+ or You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service to through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
To purchase (U.S.) or please the following information ready: Product S5 Series/77c) Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active S5 F=1.44, F=1.6 to to S5 (SVGA+) (XGA) reproduction Brightness (ANSI) S5 (High brightness brightness Brightness (ANSI) (High ratio to inches to S5 to to to to Projection rear,
selected, and brightness Technical Specifications S5 sound aspect ratio ratio S5 (High brightness brightness correction Projection UHE About hours (High brightness); hours brightness) Remote AA inches inches inches S5 Supports USB
Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) Humidity to RH, to and United States FCC Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC60950 Third Edition EN EN to F to C) to RH, to with high DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Compatible You of the following VCR, DVD or The and RGB and the (HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The these international Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM TV480i TV576i only) only) only)
Compatible You the to of computers, including and Apple Macintosh, (including G3, G4 and G5 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. Although the of S5 or from VGA through SXGA+ S5 or UXGA To from the refresh thats with the the following the should to match the or If this isnt of the other Right-click the the and through to the Advanced the then the of the OS From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected, then the and You to existing created them software Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications The these Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 (PL only) SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 (PL only) XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 (PL only) SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 (PL only) SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60 (PL only) VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21
Notices his chapter includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the or back than that specified correction If the mounted should technicians using mounting with this the or heavy the where to or the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where to or of through the or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which
Notices the closed-in provided. If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the and overheating. the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the the or when the from the outlet and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance. If or from the If the or or If or the or to or If or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the type of indicated the If of the or If the country other than where purchased the that country. outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the following when the the with the with the the the where the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
If the the to the from or with the or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes