S5 USB Remote attaching mount Security of Foot release A/V foot input Rear foot and buttons and items Lights Remote and and items Lights Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active S5 F=1.44, length=16.6 F=1.6 to length=18.4 to S5 (SVGA) (XGA) Brightness (ANSI) S5 (High brightness brightness (High brightness ratio to inches S5 S5 and buttons and items and buttons and items
S5 Projection S5 to to to to and rear, front rear S5) sound aspect ratio ratio S5: (High brightness brightness correction aspect ratio UHE About hours (High brightness); hours brightness) selected, and brightness Remote AA Supports USB (including inches inches inches S5 S5 correction to Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to and United States FCC Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC60950 Third Edition Compatible You of the following VCR, DVD player, or The and RGB and the (HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The these international Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM TV480i TV576i to RH, to with high only) only) only)
Compatible To from the refresh thats with the the following the should to match the S5) or If this isnt another Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 (PL only) SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 (PL only) XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 (PL only) SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 (PL only) SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60 (PL only) VGA (PL only) SVGA (PL only) XGA (PL only) MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 Positioning the Follow these to the when the and or and S5) from the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord. the the The as shown below. If rear or overhead to the option from the If the the front or the back, to the S5 S5 temporary front Choose from the Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose Rear from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the
S5 and The the and the the basic of the as shown below. The based where the other such as those with the ringalso the of the the shown the should as S5 the of or where to the the the and Downloads S5 Turning On the and other and connected correctly. Then as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected, to the manually. the and Follow these to and the the A/V cover). of the to the the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned Turn or already.
Press the the or to turn The and the light flashes as the The about seconds and the light Warning: the when the This and If should or If to the as the only: If that found plug-and-play If to the Source Search the or to switch to Then the DVD player or other If prompted to To and the If to appear, What To If You the with the as Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as and DVD If the the Source Search the or the projected. (The of the selected appears the right the Remote If to appear, the section What To If You Screen If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly to the selected input the light and flashing and the A/V selected the the previous section. Allow seconds the to the the to the input selected. information.) Press the the or and displayed from the S5 S5
S5 If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the If from and the the and to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and checked. Click Select S5 Turning the finished the follow the to and the input the of specified the (from to the off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to and the You or off through the If first; otherwise to to properly. To off the the the or You this (If to off, other or seconds Press the The the turned off, and the light With theres cool- and immediately turning off the If to the the button. Press the foot release and the to the front foot, necessary. the A/V the cord. Turn off and the To the or the when the light or flashing If the awhile, the that with or protective
the and The following sections to the and Focusing and S5 the to the Press the the to the or the to reduce You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. Focusing and the to the and the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the Height of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Once the where release the to the foot If the the section. the If the or the that displayed distorted. The corrects that when the to and corrected manually to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt follow the instructions below. To the or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. S5 S5
S5 If or to the correction Press the or buttons the to the of the correction, slightly S5 On the to the instructions. You the as the the Brightness The of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the the of the and the Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the or the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to OFF the function S5 the You the and the to increase or the the built-in You the the On the the the to the Press the to increase the or the to appears the while the You the each input the You to the to that the and the which Press the the If or RGB the which bright
The following the with bright input only). Sports TV bright or input only). when bright Text when and white bright Theatre when Brightest bright when conforming to the Blackboard Choose this when to chalkboard. You the to the the the information.) Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the or the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V or the A/V the The To the and sound back the or the AV You such as or to the whenever the A/V information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however. Also, the to the action from the Press the to Follow these to of the Press the the You indicating the of the the four arrow the to the the to the to the selected to of the when While the the arrow buttons to about. Press the to the to to the the Aspect Ratio If the Aspect the to the aspect Follow the below. You or to the aspect Press the Aspect once to the aspect ratio to Press to to aspect You the aspect ratio the S5 S5
S5 You the to through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to To with the connected to the with USB To the the Press the to back You the as Lights The lights top of the the and when light light light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended the following light light light Flashing Flashing Flashing There internal the Turn the off and Flashing There with the or Clean the and If this the turn the off and S5 light light light Flashing the with as as If to the there Flashing The or correctly; or the cover the cover or or reseat the necessary. Also, the and If using the High as the the If these The overheated and turned off. about then back there of around and the the and If to overheat, to the Flashing The too the surrounding the C) and there of around and the Clean the and necessary. instructions. Flashing The the light to flashing and The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally.
the Remote The line-of-sight It the from anywhere the to (This shorter the The to commands these You too within within to the or right of the front or or or below The or correctly light too bright light the light (such as sunlight) the Other (such as heater) If the than seconds, the Press another operation. Remote or off or Selects option or the or function to the through and selected and reduces the Remote the follow the below to them. The AA batteries. The off when than seconds. This life. It helpful, when the carrying and the pushed. the following the as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the the of S5 S5 Selects another function or displays previous or the aspect ratio of from to the or off and to
S5 Press the to the cover. the batteries, then the as shown. the cover. clicks Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other chemicals. These the S5 Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the to clean the this the coating. Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If the or the of the them as below. clogs and overheating and the the and clogged, the displays the The overheating. nothing the and or the To the and follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. To clean the and and other office If them (such as paintbrush). You the to clean both If the to or the torn, or to V13H134A13).
If to or the as shown. the and clicks ABS resin, and polyurethane of to regulations. the The typically about hours of high or hours It to the when: The or to The light flashing The the appears the when the To and the as as You to hours the through the Info or V13H010L41. Warning: the cool If the the shards to injury. Follow these to the Press the to off the hear the the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the cool). the screwdriver included with the to the screw holding the cover (the cover located top of the the cover then off. the screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant the screws.) the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the S5 S5 Dont these screws
S5 Gently the the If easily, facing the the where the PUSH appears. the of the assembly. Touching the Once the its screws. the cover (The should covered, and the top of the cover should with the top of the Then the cover and the screw. to seat the and the cover. If the properly or the cover the the as the section. the You the the to clear the the Follow the below. the the If the Hours the of hours that the used. the and the S5 Press the the or and the Then You the following: Select Hours and You Select and Press to to the or the to the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first the carrying then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to the carrying incurred
Optional You purchase the following optional from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Product Product V13H010L41 (includes V13H134A13 to VGA (HD15) ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down ELPDC05 high V12H162020 security ELPSL01 mount with plate Security bracket/cabling mounts ELPST09B To purchase (U.S.) or ELPSC80 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC Related CPD-23268 S5 (English) CPD-23324 S5 CPD-23325 S5 (Spanish) CPD-23326 S5 CPD-23258R2 CD-ROM containing the S5 English, Spanish, and S5 S5