WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Corner, and Wall and EasyMP, and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-18737R2 Information Copyright Notice
lightweight to that easy and trouble-free, whether the classroom or than and one-half The correction function corrects and Wall Shot function and without of of the offers with to of brightness, of and to three the or four to of the You include sound each the easily switch them. the to charge of the action, of the or the as or to the You of to and With the PC to remotely and the
To of user which to the and the buttons through the information about security features, the from of or of these options: Connecting to or other If to the to or the USB to the shows, and to the Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, player, and other to instructions. the The switch from to of or the and other features. Chapter Including sound If includes sound, the that with to the built-in
includes warranty brochures, and The instructions and to or This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about hints. More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The templates, art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. built-in Press the the or to Download (frequently-asked and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN information.
and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included with customers who their offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the To the that with and to products, and service.
Unpacking the the the shown below: Remote and software CD-ROM VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying or something such as information, and instructions.
Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other One with or purchase from To RGB from that three R/G/B included with and the shown from to VGA
Optional Accessories To of the the following optional Product V13H010L22 V13H134A01 throw throw throw ATA ELPKS46 ATA hardshell ELPKS48 mount plate Security bracket/cabling security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down (includes ELPAP01 and V12H005C28 DVI to DVI DVI to DFP Distribution ELPDA01 High V12H162020 You purchase these from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca V12H004M03 V12H004W03 V12H004L05 ELPMB40 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPMBACC ELPMBSEC ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPKC20 ELPKC21 ELPSV01 ELPKC19
the his chapter information the where to and to to (such as VCR or DVD or to or Follow the instructions this chapter Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to Connecting sound through the
You mount the the or the Positioning the If the and isnt already the theater or to front of the as shown. art below This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the screen to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to its This the to become shaped, the the buttons the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from Optional Accessories
RCA BNC the Connecting to You to four to the the to its If Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source the to to sound through the
Connecting Source included with the to the yellow and the yellow the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and to the
the Connecting Source with or purchase from the the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and to
Connecting Source included with the of the If they (BNC) to the If they to BNC to the the (with the to and the BNC the Match the (or to the the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and BNC to the BNC
the Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to that RGB the type of to the If below. If three R/G/B, Connecting Connecting the VGA with the the the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and to
Connecting included with the and the R/G/B the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter or the sheet instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and BNC to the
If based to the New found plug-and-play If to to the connected to the or BNC The DVI the Connecting to You the to that including PC and and You to three the To to the VGA To using the BNC To the DVI Interface) to the to: USB the as to the as as on-screen to
Connecting to the Follow these instructions: the VGA with the to the and the other to Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as finished instructions the and the Once the turned the and to Dont to force to with or of You the or the If or and cant the to to the as shown from
BNC to VGA the Connecting to the BNC Connectors commercially BNC to VGA the BNC the B/Cb/Pb G/Y and R/Cr/Pr as shown below. to to the and H/C information.) B/Cb/Pb the VGA the other of the Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as finished Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and BNC to R/Cr/Pr G/Y
Connecting to the DVI DVI DVI to DVI or DVI to DFP; about from the to the DVI as shown. the other to DVI Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as finished instructions turning the and the Once the turned the and to the of DVI offered the to with DVI to DVI or DVI to DFP
the the If or the VGA when try to If to the to the VGA to This from To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch the instructions included with the the cover and the to the VGA Then the (with the the the screws the
Connecting the Remote If connected as this chapter, the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, 98SE, or or OS to OS or USB the of the to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB USB the You CD to the the The function correctly that from of the of to Left-click Right-click
If to to the connected to the or BNC The DVI the Connecting If to the as as the You it to or switch the A/V to off the To to the as shown: Follow these to the The displays the from the currently selected Press the to the active the You the while the this
Sound Through the You sound through the or (Attaching to the instead of directly to the the to the sound.) Connecting to the To sound through the follow these or Which connected: If connected to the or DVI If connected to the or or to the BNC the to the to the connected with or DVI with the other of the to the or with BNC with the
the Connecting To to the follow these the to to commercially with and the other to purchase or to to the of the to the the the other of the to You to to the The while sound to the
Projecting the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the Follow the this chapter Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the the Projecting without the
To the the correctly and from overheating. Turning On and other as Chapter Then follow the instructions below to the and If connected or the this the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Turning On the Follow these to the the of the the and the other grounded the light flashing and light
Press the top of the the the (If this first using the the and the on/off switch the of the turned The light flashes as the and to appear. the light flashing and about seconds) the ready If connected Windows-based to the New found plug-and-play Turn If the Direct ON to the to the the the light flashing and the ready to warning the when the This and
To and the If to appear, You to the Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as or DVD If the using the Source buttons the or the The Source buttons as follows: The Source buttons. the Computer/DVI to switch connected to the and DVI the to switch connected to the and BNC The Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each (The EasyMP. that the and BNC to input RGB or RGB to of these to the selected to match the You the input the
What To If You If or screen with the the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the off. If connected than and/or to of the Source buttons the or the to the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD screen and the or both the It CRT/LCD or with such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the
From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA selected. Click the the selected. Select the VGA
If OS to OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Click Select
the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Focusing and the the to the the the to reduce or the the the to increase the and the to If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions.
the of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height turning the the the to or manually the as the section. foot Projecting
correction correction Corner correction the or the directly front of the of the screen with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, of these If the (top, or right), the the or the Correction If the its Corner You both correction and Corner the
Correction To when it the following: the of the the four buttons. Press the whose the of the of the with the of the the the the and From the the and Select or and the the to the as Corner Corner to with Press the the (or the Select the and From the and Corner and The slightly shorter If to the aspect the to correction, then the Height as information the Chapter
If with the corrections the ESC to the to its You this [ESC] [ESC] (Press to (Press to Press the to the to the the (or the arrow buttons the to the and as to corners. the ESC the or to the If Corner selected the the Corner appears whenever the buttons. You then follow through to the of or ESC to
Correcting If connected to and the right, the the (or the the This the and If appear the and the the the the while the Tracking or the Tracking If the appears or and the the the while the or the You the the or to increase or the the built-in or connected to the Press the to increase the or the to You this to The with You the the Projecting
If the that Wall off, the Wall to Projecting Projecting Without and without of that the of the and the and of appears clear and rather than Initial Corrections Press the Wall the or the while Wall appears the right of Then of approximately seconds while the the of the and the the off, the the correction obtained the Wall This the and the To these the Wall while Wall ON
Corrections New the correction or location. Press the Wall the or while the Wall Press the Wall Wall the You of about seconds as the the correction the the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off and the To off the the the or You (If to off, other the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. To off Turn off this when to the of the OFF? OFF? Press Press Press other Press other
To the or the when the light or flashing Press the The light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the If the front foot, the foot release to the and the cord. If using its ON/OFF switch to OFF This
information and to the professional to the Remote features from anywhere the to the and off, and switch off and sound, the of and the (The If and connected USB as Chapter the as wireless this easily when This chapter covers: Activating and the the and sound Highlighting with the
If than seconds, the operating to release the the Remote Activating and the Remote The ON/OFF switch its as shown. the as then the ON/OFF switch to Turn off the or this the from something of the buttons. the the front or back of the or the within about of the If to the from the light to the buttons the light temporarily. using the bright or sunlight, or the properly. On/off switch
the Navigation The buttons that the and they the to highlight If connected the buttons of about freely while ESC the to features, the following to the to the to highlight to the of to the to than the Remote The buttons that its ESC Arrow
the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the the of the the If the to the the following: the ON/OFF switch (shown the ON Press the light and to the buttons the light (If bright to them light.) If the buttons light the as below: Turn the Press the of the cover as the cover off. AA batteries, the first. the cover back
the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the On the there Source buttons: Press the Computer/DVI to switch connected to the and DVI the to switch connected to the and BNC On the there Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each (The functional with the the the appears. the Remote You the to the and sound as Chapter Source buttons
as the highlight surrounds the the currently selected You the the to highlight and then to the Remote Sources You the function to the Press the You the currently selected displayed the as shown. other (including the currently selected the right and the If connected to or there the that appears Currently selected Press of the Source buttons the to switch to the and to the and the SC to the without switching DVI BNC
Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and (If connected to the This to temporarily redirect without the of bright To off the the A/V button. The To the back the You such as the whenever the A/V Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the using the buttons the Press the the You indicating the of the the to the cross-hair. the Remote A/V This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the
The function RGB Select connected to the the the to the selected to While the the to about. Press the to the SC to to the If from connected to the DVI or BNC the This from connected to the or the the or connected to the DVI or BNC and the the to the or Then the Press the the and the Highlight the to or then Press SC to the the displayed, then follow these to and the Press the the the to the the buttons to reduce or
Once the located and the the the finished the the or The Highlighting You to something the or straight or to There three choose from, and each the To the the Effect the appears the If to of the to the Three options the of each the Remote
the Remote the the to the the To straight the where the to and the to where the to and To the the of the then and the lights. Then the to the and the Press SC when If to and SC to clear the the You the and of each of the three the and width of the with each and the the Press the the highlight the and You this Rate Rate Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select Rate Rate Rate Rate
each of the three the following of the following Rate the of the the of the using the the You the to the the SC from the the Remote
the Remote with the Remote If connected to the with USB as the of This when and other slideshow-style to to the to to Left-click Right-click the to the the Press the to left-click, or to the ESC to right-click. To the about lights. Then the to the where to release the to through slideshow. or to
If than the selected onesby the ID To to the ID to match that of the of the the ID to the ID The ID If to follow these Press the the You the Select the Advanced2 and Then highlight ID and Brightness Brightness High High Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select ESC ESC Press the right or of the to increase or the ID Press to the SC to the ID ID Network Network COM COM RS-232C RS-232C USB USB OFF OFF ON ON ON ON OFF OFF BNC Termination BNC Termination the Remote
the Remote the Remote ID The ID If to follow these Press the ID the You light. Press of the numbered the to the ID through Select to or to match the ID of the to The ID light off and the ID If to the ID, the following: Press the ID the flashes. Count the of flashes; this to the ID. (If flash, the ID to
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the and the the sound features the security features
You the buttons the to the ESC button Arrow buttons the the You the (or the to the and Follow these To the the You to the shown below (the from those shown the selected input Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected Tracking Tracking Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Select Select Preset Select Select
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the then the the ESC to and to the (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the the To the the whose to change, and as (The below shows to the Select To the to their factory-default Tracking Tracking Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Select Select Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Preset Select Select the ON ON OFF OFF the BNC ID, and
The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness of the Select Brightness the Advanced2 then choose High or (the High Selecting the brightness the of the the the Quality You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and If from through the DVI there from Sources Press the the then the You the (The the selected input The below or Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select the to highlight the option, then as If the slightly off or exactly. this to RGB Brightness or the the light and areas. Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Select Select Select
the intensity, from black-and-white to RGB the of the RGB Sharpness the sharpness of the You brightness, and sharpness when RGB transmitted through the or BNC other Press the the then the You to the below. (The RGB through the DVI Effect Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select If the slightly off or exactly. this to Tracking this to the Tracking Tracking Brightness Brightness Sharpness Sharpness Select Select Preset Preset Select Select or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. the You the to the and
the this the appears or Brightness or the the light and areas. to the the automatically, or to the yourself. (Press the selection.) Sharpness the sharpness of the If (compressed, stretched, off, or completely the the match that of Select to the the automatically, or to the yourself. (Press the selection.) Preset Once the the the them as of the Preset The the the Preset the to (Press the Preset repeatedly to the to the to
the and Whether from or these to the and of the fits the normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the the displays the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the switches the aspect ratio and This or recorded the the of the the or to If or the the Sharpness the If the slightly off or exactly. You this to RGB or RGB the If stretched, or correctly the should the first
the the The to the the the and the or the the each and/or Select from these To the displays (the when from with bright Theatre with (the the the intensity, from black-and-white to the the of to or RGB the Advanced1 the Select to and K. RGB to red, and as shown. selected as the
the Sound You the to the sound or Press the the then the You the Effect Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select the to highlight the option, then as the the of the the intensity of the bass Computer/DVI Computer/DVI Computer/DVI Computer/DVI DVI DVI the You the the
the You the to the input or off, the the and other features. these to the incoming Several of these should normally the factory the and BNC the Select the the type of to the Computer To the the RGB that RGB that BNC the the the type of to the BNC To the the RGB that RGB that the this PAL PAL60 You this through the or
the Advanced1 This should normally its or Converts to to OFF without only). BNC Termination the Advanced2 This should normally TTL input). If required, as the to ON Communication These options the and from the Advanced1 Select Network ON to the to when this the connected to the Network the Advanced2 Used the Chapter If the network assigns automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the IP and If to the SNMP and least IP COM the Advanced2 Used with the EMP software. (You this free of charge from Select RS-232C or USB the thats with the Turn off the and then back the to the Press the the to the
Direct ON off as normally would; the the Selects or to when the The displays that previously to the the the off the input Turn off the to the (this the the Selects whether the or the displayed the Rear the Advanced1 Turn to from the Advanced1 Turn when the mounted from the the Advanced1 Select from to the Direct ON the Advanced2 this option as as the cord. You to the
the Security To unauthorized of the the following: user that and/or when the A/V Assign this to the to the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the If the the as the and/or Unauthorized users it off or This to theft and to the should If the appears the whenever the turned If the incorrectly three the operation locked and to the cord, then to redisplay the If the incorrect the and to to Where To If the awhile to that temporarily the that the reactivated and the used. the of the the the If the and the to the the to proceed.
If the Protect option ON that the recorded. to the Protect option or the the Creating You to the and then as the and/or the that displayed when the A/V The photograph, or other to The this the Follow these to the and to the the to the You from or such as VCR. Press the and the Effect Advanced1 Advanced2 About Select Select Press to to the as and selection displays the the the or the arrow buttons the to the of the to Once selected the the Select this choose and If to the selected, and through
this and then the as and the about seconds. the or other while the the Completed Choosing to the as the or the when theres or when the A/V Press the to the already displayed). To as the the Advanced1 Select highlight ON and Select the the If the Protect option to ON the and A/V You to the function off first. Once the to its factory the
If already the Protect Release Starting the with the Select the which to appear: Select to (instead of when there incoming from the currently selected Then Select A/V to appear when the A/V button. Then and To the as the the Select and Then and Press To the as the background when the A/V the A/V and Select and finished, to the Press the the about seconds the Protect ON Protect 9999H 0H Protect Select and You the the :Select and the the and the to Protect ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF
The as the screen appears. the the the to to the Protect Press the the to off the of the and Turning On Protect and Protect To the the the about seconds the Protect Select ON Protect and Select ON and Then If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the every turned the to 0H Press when The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the turned the to the and as the A/V selected the as the A/V the of the when the Protect function the If the the and the
If the to the the the the passed, and the correctly, the to and the countdown to or this when to. the Press to the Protect Turn off the and the to protection. the to Follow the instructions the section. Starting the with the function this when the the to the the operation. Press the the as the to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release try to the
If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To If incorrect the and to the the function, the buttons the Press the Select the Advanced2 and the (or and arrow buttons) to and the Select ON and Select and to the Press the the To the to seconds.
the
to allow to HP with or If SNMP, to without This only. the from Remote software and from EMP to switch and basic EMP NetworkManager to to SNMP, such as HP to facilitys from To the software to first as Then and each to This chapter covers the following information: the software Connecting the to and it the EMP EMP NetworkManager
The software the from the Software The software CD-ROM includes the software to the EMP and EMP NetworkManager. the software, these Microsoft SE, XP, or NT (service or MMX II or recommended) At least 256MB of RAM At least 7MB of free XGA or and the Software Follow these to the software: the software CD-ROM CD-ROM You this Click
Click to both EMP and EMP Network Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. finished, Once these from Connecting and the using the software to to each to to and with IP the to or the to the Ethernet the as shown. Ethernet Turn the the from Remote If to both Custom the to the and If to the software, the the
If the SNMP option to IP This the If HP to allow to HP with or the from Remote Computer Press the the and Network from the Advanced2 Brightness Brightness High High ID ID Network Network COM COM ON ON OFF OFF Advanced1 Advanced1 BNC Termination BNC Termination Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select If assigns automatically, DHCP If assign automatically, off DHCP and the IP Gateway and MAC as To using the the lights, then the shown below. RS-232C RS-232C USB USB ON ON OFF OFF Select Network
To the from the the right and arrow buttons to the of the to then the and arrow buttons to increase or the Increase or Select the the of the to the the the or the the This the ESC to the EMP EMP This easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software as The using to the should connected to the from
the from Remote and Closing EMP To EMP Monitor, or EPSON EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP right-click the shown then to Follow these Click or EPSON EMP You this Click to EMP Click
Click as shown. You this Click to currently operating the and the and found the as shown below: Select each to clicking its then clicking the Click Click the from Remote If to the connected or correctly the
To from the highlight the and the from Remote You this with of Click You the of each of the EMP
The EMP the Source, and shown below. This which currently used, from which (or they and Source information, the and The following the of the Turned off; Projecting; Turned off; Network to or disconnected). You this Network OFF selected the from Remote To when turned Network ON as the the You to that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
the from Remote The following the of the Computer, Computer1, or Computer2 or D4 DVI or HDMI The following the of the Chapter recommended to (the nearing the of its life; High-speed cooling (the too to or cover Overheating turned off automatically)
The the and off the and the to of its selected the to (with the clicking of the buttons. the If to the information about the Refresh the EMP You often EMP the From the You this Select the and OK buttons the from Remote To when selected Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This If EMP to whenever to
the from Remote EMP NetworkManager You EMP NetworkManager to notifying when with EMP NetworkManager, the software as Then follow the below to each to Selecting the to To EMP NetworkManager, or EPSON EMP NetworkManager You the EMP NetworkManager The already through EMP appear as icons. If to manually and its IP the selection You this
the IP and The to the EMP NetworkManager Click to the to the You to to each from EMP NetworkManager: Right-click the of the whose to then to characters length. Creating the If EMP already from the You as shown: Double-click the the whose to created the from Remote
The or to to to To Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This the from EMP NetworkManager to the and this that the correct. (If DHCP to to the (turning off DHCP the You the to characters including the following the EMP and EMP NetworkManager, than of them. Click You this
Select ON the the IP and of the SMTP (The from to to three where the to Click the to each then the which to Click OK then OK the Click the Network and as the with the heading TEST MAIL to the The and IP included the of the EMP NetworkManager. (It to to or received.) the If to each of the using EMP NetworkManager. The includes the heading EPSON the The of the the of the the IP of the The to the EMP If appears the that occurred. appears when the or the from Remote reported when input to If the normally as which to If to the
the from Remote
warning clean of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean. or smears the You to the the and of the to cool the The should the and (when with If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the
the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning the and Clean the and hours of If they cleaned periodically, they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the and the To the recommends using and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). Gently the and the from the and of the Then or to the the back when the
included. You should the when the Turn off this when to the of the You the warning the cool the that the and should to the If the to or the as the following section. or the United States to ones. please the and The typically from to hours, the Brightness Selecting the brightness the life. It to the when: The or to The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the and the light flashes To brightness and the as as The light flashes (the burnt or the United States V13H010L22. please Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
Turn the and the the and of the the the They should the screwdriver with the or other screwdriver, the the Gently the cover the arrow the cover with the arrow the Then the cover off. the screwdriver and the
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the included. This to them the the screws the to them). the as shown and the straight Gently the Once the its screws and the cover. (The the the as the section.
the the to the the the and Press the the (or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight About then You this Effect Advanced1 Advanced2 About Select Select then You this Select then finished, SC or to (High Brightness) 0H Brightness) 0H Source SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate NO YES NO YES the The shows 0H the least hours.
incurred the Transporting the The and Follow these to or hand-carrying the should the to only to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell and then firm cushioning around the optional ATA from
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights flash with the or sound with with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt pressing the top of the or the The following choices with with sound Follow these to Press the the You the appears the The The displayed the off/ too too The right. The too The distorted. [ESC]: the the or the arrow buttons the to highlight items. highlighting the the or the to To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when to the following of the lights and their lights Light The You or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant back (and should the light flashing and flashing There with the or Stop the the and or light light light
lights Light flashing flashing The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C) and there of around and the flashing flashing The First the cover securely If thats the the and as If this the as flashing off of the and as Flashing The cracked or incorrectly. the cracked, it (as the cooling Although this the too high there of around and the and that the and clear. The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the the and clean. the and correctly. If the and the the as
The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the The light the connected securely both the outlet and the If the the cover securely and Other Information the About to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the then highlight the About and You the hours and input the right: The typically from to hours, the selected Brightness If the shown to that, If to the The information displayed the input currently selected.
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The If the light the to turn the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the other the or the Press the A/V to the off temporarily. The attached or the connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter restarting If connected and or to of the Source buttons the or to the Allow seconds the to the
If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS to From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If using OS X: Preferences Double-click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the the selected.
The Not Supported displayed. the selected the UXGA and the the If necessary, as the following section. of the displayed. Press the the the the Chapter information. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS to On the Apple choose then and Sound Select OS X: Preferences and then You to existing created them software information.
The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. If this the Tracking or Tracking the the If the Corner. Press the the then Finally, Corner and with the The or the selected the Chapter If than feet or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The blurry. There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to the from to
the within the recommended to the Sharpness the Chapter should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the section. If from and displaying that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as Chapter the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. the Tracking to
the to increase the sharpness of the The of the right. If the option the to the If the and the the the Advanced1 to the There sound. the A/V the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. If the securely connected to both the and headphone or the the or to You to this clicking the right of the of the used, exactly match the or
You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the Advanced1 to Network ON If the XP, or NT as the restarting with the The to commands. If the the first to the on/off switch, as shown The correctly or To the battery, ID to or to the ID. within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater.
Where To and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these or charges apply): U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
A: his the location, such as theater or The four front mounting, or as shown: Rear mounting To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to the Advanced1 to the upside-down. To from the rear, Rear
or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the A: If mounting the the and to to the This the to its You then the the function the or the buttons the If the that the of the with the of the the and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the If to to the from You the to than
B: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.7 to to (XGA) reproduction Brightness (High ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio correction with
Turn off this when to the of the B: Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) to hours (high to hours V13H010L22 Remote AA inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, with Network OFF with Network ON Supports USB
to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to to United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN to RH, DNX ICs this B: Technical Specifications
B: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to of the (such as XGA). the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA100 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA100 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385
Refresh Rate UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV The using B: Technical Specifications
B: Technical Specifications
C: Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in
C: Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or exposed to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: This chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other
Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and rear of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The the lighting and/or turn off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that C: Notices
C: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers America, Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-7900/EMP-7900NL
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes C: Notices
C: Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and 24-hour-per-day and This warranty other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA C: Notices
C: Notices
light cover DVI service USB and related and DVI Remote Foot release foot Network Monitor-out BNC Remote and related Remote light light and section of A/V and sound Light buttons and ESC as buttons or to selections Activates Remote active Security Wall Corrects when or Rear foot the and off ON/OFF switch the and off the Effect Selects or on-screen Source buttons Switch connected to and Preset sound ID ID