C the to these VGA and turned off. of the VGA to the the the other to or If cant the to to instructions. the to and the other the cover. cover the and the of the cover as the off. the that with and them as shown. Then the cover. Follow these instructions to the to To other such as VCR or PC, the on/off switch to the the and the The light flashes and then Turn or only: If New CAUTION: the To the properly: Press the the while the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the the when the light or flashing EPSON Turn On/off switch
the the to the NOTE: If focusing, the instructions to the right. the to reduce or the Turn to to or to reduce. (You the to or farther from the To the the foot release the front foot. the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the correction You manually the correction the or the to correction, to Telephone Services service, To the EPSON and the PIN the EPSON included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services EPSON technical through services hours and to EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. Printed USA. foot EPSON roubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing and the cover off. turning off the and restarting If connected to the and the VGA the Comp1 the If connected than and/or the the Comp1 DVI BNC or Allow seconds the to The the If the and the If displays the or both, the following: the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to On the the LCD and the or both the You might to the the to both the LCD and or OS From the Apple Preferences then Select the VGA or LCD the (or and checked. OS or earlier From the Apple then or and Sound Click the then top of the other. This the as as the LCD If the option isnt the and Click this Click top of the other CPD-15989