S6
WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Software Copyright: This free software as as software to which this the rights. The following information the software this each author, the and the Furthermore, there software of the characteristics of the free software that already this this (including that with the free software concerned) the of the (written issued this Thomas G. This software based the of the JPEG Group. Inc. and Information Copyright Notice
and and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing, LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc.
S6 easy-to-use, lightweight with built-in It offers to S6 or W6 of white and light (brightness). It SVGA S6 XGA or WXGA W6 You to of and You from USB or SD W6 only). offers these easy and security features: and with USB with HDMI W6 only) PC-free slideshows and SD and USB W6 only) Quick, Direct /On correction and W6 only) One-touch Top-loading easy Security protection, lock, security included), and optional security
Additional ratio (with Iris turned and cover A/V that with High and Brightness to without while handout and the W6 only). Carrying included This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about hints.
More Information where information the to and the and from the the or the Download and to If this and the this section, the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. Includes of covering tricks, and The art, and sound as as Services to the and services to the Cluband free.
and Warranty with basic warranty that with the warranty included with offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight the included with To the and to epson.com/webreg. products, and service. Optional To of the offers the following optional Product V13H010L41 V13H134A13 Universal mount Advanced mount with High security mount round plate ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect DUET Screen ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPMBPJF ELPMBPRG ELPMBATA ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 ELPMBP03 ELPMBC01 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC80
Product Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 ELPDC10S Soft carrying only) Soft shoulder and carrying hard-shell wheeled carrying Gear You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca V12H00160 ELPKS61 ELPKS62 ELPKS58 ELPKS63 Welcome
the his chapter to the and to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or You the to USB or or from SD W6 only). Follow the instructions this chapter Unpacking the Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to Connecting S6 and only) sound through the Connecting to or other USB W6 only) SD W6 only) Turning the and off
the Unpacking the the these VGA Carrying to the the (or the when to the to another location. instructions. (If the hand, the carrying PDF and CD-ROM Remote S6 USB W6 Protected AA
Additional to the To HDMI from HDMI W6 only). One with To from DVD or other One with To One included with or purchase from Optional Accessories To RCA-type with or Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the This the front of the the and enough to the to to these considerations as the the there of around and the the within of grounded or cord. the
the increases with the aspect ratio the and whether other the and below to the of S6 Projection (A) (B) to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches inches inches inches inches of
S6 Projection (A) (B) to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to to inches to to inches to to inches inches inches inches inches Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to the
the (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to Projection (A) to (B) inches to inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to
W6 (A) to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to W6 Projection (A) to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to the
the (A) to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to W6 Projection (A) to (B) to inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to
from the front, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about with the of the If the below to the front foot. the the to become shaped, the You the three other rear or Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting to the Projection the to the correctly the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from
the Connecting to You the to the USB This lightweight with when the You the to that including PC computers, and computers, and instructions. To sound through the You to as wireless when from Connecting to the USB You XP, or (SP4) to the USB and USB (recommended) and than USB The first to the USB software from the Follow the instructions to the the USB the to USB Turn
the of the USB that with the to the USB S6 W6 the of the to USB or appear as the and the software automatically. Follow the instructions the to the USB software. If Warning, or (You these instructions the first the software computers displayed the You switch the to other using the Source Search or Search the or the You optional to sound through the finished instructions and the USB the
Dont to force to with or of You the or the from the USB Connecting to the VGA You to the the VGA that with (the of the VGA to the and the other to S6 You to the the to RGB You optional to sound through the You to the as wireless finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the W6
Connecting to You to the the to its W6 only: If HDMI Connecting HDMI Source W6 only) If yellow RCA Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB Connecting RGB Source to optional to sound through the If using HDMI W6 only), the and sound both and to the
If HDMI with purchase from the Connecting HDMI Source W6 only) the and sound to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) HDMI to the HDMI and the HDMI the W6 finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the HDMI
Connecting Source If RCA to the yellow and the the S6 W6 If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the the If the with purchase from
If the with purchase from the Connecting Source the to the and the the S6 W6 If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and instructions and the
Connecting Source If (three or purchase from or the of the to the (or the other of the to the S6 You to the the to If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the W6 the
the Connecting RGB Source You to RGB the VGA with the the to the RGB and the the S6 You to the the to RGB If to sound through the instructions connecting finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the W6
Connecting S6 or only) If to the as as the You to the A/V or switched to First VGA to the Then to the as shown: the LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or The turned the to to the (though
than and the or other directly to the function correctly or to USB If USB the AC to the the Sound Through the You sound through the the and it to the the S6 W6 the other of the to the connector(s) or Connecting or Other USB W6 Only) You USB memory USB or such as the P-3000 or Apple to the Then the Slideshow function to or
the USB specified Follow the instructions to turn the the USB or the of the USB to the USB the as shown. the other of the to or other necessary. The light and then when USB connected. If connected to another the Slideshow appears. If to another the Slideshow the to the Slideshow instructions the slideshow. finished, and to the Slideshow turning off or the USB to off USB necessary) the or from the light the
the when the light flashing, or the or the SD Card W6 Only) You SD or SDHC (SD High Capacity) to or converted to .JPG This without to or PC. To the them from to the Follow the instructions to turn the the SD and contacts-down, and the the SD light The light the or flashes when the SD the when the light flashing. If connected to another the Slideshow appears. If to another the Slideshow the to the Slideshow instructions the slideshow. finished, and to the Slideshow the SD
To the the SD The Turning the On and Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the A/V cover). the
the of the the and the other The light light
Press the the or the S6 W6 The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when or turn with switch. You to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the or then the and Choose and the warning the when the This and If when Direct On and the the when the restored.
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You the to turn off the and when to This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. the Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press to The the the the This incorporates To off, its as below, or off switch that to the You to the to cool first. To turn off the the the or You (If to it off, other Press the The off and the You then the cord. If to the the light flashing, then the
and the Follow the this chapter Selecting the
and the Selecting Source You to the connected to the (such as or DVD Selecting the switch input from of connected If the of the following: On the S6 or the Source Search the or the the to On the W6 the Search or of the Source buttons the or the Source Search the S6 W6 If cant or cant the that or You Slideshow to from USB or SD W6 only). instructions. Source Search Source Search Search Source buttons
the Once to If the too high or too as below. If the isnt To or To the brightness, or To the aspect If to the and/or sound, Chapter the of the If the too the the front foot to Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If the or to the height of the the the the to or the as and the
and the the Shape You the directly front of the and This the If the or to or the and to the The and W6 include function that and corrects to It about the the to corrected. If distorted, or the S6 of the following: Press the correction the the S6 W6 correction correction
Select the the Then the arrow buttons the to the of the Focusing and the Turn the the to the W6 S6 or W6 to or reduce the the S6 to or reduce the the or (reduce) the You the the instructions. If the isnt enough, to the farther from the button and the
and the You the the to of the instructions. Selecting the The the brightness, and this to On the W6 the the to option. Press the option the right corner. W6 On the S6 or the from the instructions. Select from of these options: Brightest or TV bright Presentation: bright Text: black-and-white bright Theatre: natural-toned high-contrast bright (only when the to or USB or Slideshow W6 only]). Matches the of displays. Blackboard the white
Sports: TV bright (only or or HDMI W6 only]). You the aspect to height) ratio input On the W6 the Aspect the Press the Aspect repeatedly to through the options. W6 On the S6 or the Aspect from the instructions. Select from of these Aspect options: S6 or Normal through the only) the and the aspect ratio of the Choose this to the and the of the the aspect ratio of Converts the aspect ratio of the to ratio elongated to Aspect and the You the aspect ratio when from using the USB or from USB or SD using the Slideshow
and the W6 (HDMI only) Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Choose this to HDMI the aspect Normal through the only) the and the aspect ratio of the Choose this to the and the of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to ratio to the of the and the aspect ratio of the The off the top and its aspect using the of the the aspect ratio elongated Through: as (aspect ratio and Black appear or off, the
Presenting With the Remote includes of to of them using the which the from anywhere the to This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Presenting slideshow from USB or SD W6 only)
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation the bright or sunlight Presenting With the Remote the Remote as Follow these the the the front or back of the or the within of the the within to the of, or or below, the receivers the the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the or the A/V the to off the and sound, and This useful to temporarily without the of bright S6 W6 A/V
To the and sound back the or the A/V You such as or to the whenever the A/V button. information.) You the Cover to off the to the the A/V closed instructions. Action Press the the to the action or The the sound To the action, the S6 W6 You of the using the the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the arrow buttons to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the Presenting With the The function the the sound. the to the
You the while To temporarily off the sound and the A/V or the A/V Presenting With the Remote the arrow buttons to around the Press the to Press the SC to the to its the To the the S6 or the then the to increase the or the to S6 On the the or the To the the W6 the or the or the W6 You the the
With the You the of to to the to the If using the USB to the buttons to of the following: through the or buttons the buttons as would wireless the arrow, and buttons of these USB to the USB the and the function to Presenting With the Remote You the as wireless when from the or HDMI W6 only) You to to the as
S6 Left-click or to Presenting With the Remote To using the or buttons, as the USB the Then using those buttons. or to Right-click If to the wireless as the USB the Then as follows: the arrow buttons to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the arrow buttons to the where release the W6 Left-click Right-click
Presenting Slideshow W6 Only) You Slideshow whenever SD or USB that .JPG This and easily or slideshow of the You slideshow the to .JPG and them Copy that to SD USB memory or other USB Then the to the and You switch the from the the slideshow to another the Search or of the Source buttons the To to the Slideshow Search and Slideshow or the Slideshow Starting Slideshow USB to the USB or SD the SD If to another the Slideshow the to the Slideshow Presenting With the You .JPG to with counts incrementing of If the .JPG compressed, to correctly. You the Slideshow
To the or the correctly. Presenting With the If connected to another the Slideshow appears automatically. If SD and connected USB the this: Press the arrow buttons the to highlight the to from, then the If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and To the arrow to highlight and To the or arrow button.
To slideshow of the the the arrow to highlight Slideshow the of the Slideshow and The through. At the the Select the following as to or slideshow: To back highlight to Top the top of the Slideshow and To to from, highlight Select and the If the the Slideshow highlight Next and to the of (or Previous to the To the slideshow, and Selecting Slideshow To slideshow options or effects, follow these Highlight Option the of the slideshow and You this Presenting With the Remote To slideshow from that highlight the and the the Then Slideshow from the that appears and To slideshow from the arrow buttons to highlight that then
Presenting With the Remote Highlight the options to and Option displays displays Sort Ascending the first to the to first On displays slideshow continuously displays slideshow through switching switch to displays the selected and switches them with with of finished, highlight OK the of the and (Highlight and to
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the and operation the security features
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the arrow buttons the or the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the arrow to through the of of the options or the selected highlighting the option to the arrow buttons to the to the to sub-screen. Press the or right arrow to To from or the or arrow to highlight the and the the to and to the previous (or to the You the to
Restoring the You the option to the factory-default the that To the to their factory-default the highlight and to confirm. the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Iris Press the the or and the You to of these: Computer/RGB the the the or If the HDMI W6 only), the the the RGB or the the right the
The the input selected. The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High the the options as the and brightness You each of each Brightness or the the light and areas. the of the the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the the of the Select High to the or to (Not selected as the the Select to red, and and (Not selected as the Iris Automatically the to the brightness of the only when or Theater selected as the the input
Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB HDMI W6 only) the options as this On to Turn off to to the Tracking, and to to the the of the input If or Normal ratio the
You the to the and You the from the HDMI input RGB) or when input W6 only). The HDMI RGB W6 only). the Tracking this to this appear or If the slightly off or exactly. this and the arrow to and from the HDMI W6 only). Turn this to the HDMI W6 only) to the HDMI input the to match the of If the right the the the type of connected to the Choose RGB or or that (with or or only) Select the the type of connected to the this PAL (then PAL60 Aspect the aspect ratio (ratio of to height). information.
You the to the the and other features. W6 S6 the of the the or If that or the Sharpness W6 only) when the or This when the front S6 only) the from to of the buttons the or of the buttons the information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. or the of the the
If the A/V the about seconds, switch and or Rear and Rear/Ceiling If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the and You the to the the Direct On, or off, and other operations. or off. Background: the background to Black or when or of the when the turned A/V the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. as Projection Select (to from the front of (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the Direct On: to to the when the (without the
the to off and to the amount of the the of the off automatically, from to Cover to the off when the A/V closed than High when the to that the properly. Turn this off USB to the USB Select USB to the USB to Select to the to Select Wireless to the buttons wireless and Select to the the Security To unauthorized of the Assign You the to the from turned and from the section. that and/or when the A/V pressed. The screen with to theft and to the should the the
If the to the the Also, to write the the buttons; this classroom when to that touches the while the the to theft using locking Protection The the Follow these to Press the the to seconds. You this Select the type(s) of protection to On Protect unauthorized of the the and turned to the Select On then to to the Protect Protect Prevents and the from Select On then to to the Protect the arrow buttons to and to the and of the following to
W6 the and the to four S6 or the to four the Press the then to the Turn off and the the With the function this when and the of the following to the W6 the and the to the four S6 or the to four The and If the following: If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three with the The operation and the switches to the then the from the and the back the W6 W6 the If the the appear. It appears only and the cord.
choose the previously You to Once to the factory the If the with the that appears the To If incorrect the and to service. Creating You from or to the and then as You as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the
the arrow to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow to factor and the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to Choosing to the to as the the when theres or the when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Choose from these Background to to when there to On to when the A/V to to when the A/V finished, to the You these to them from without
the the the function, of the buttons, or of the buttons the The to the Press the highlight the and Select and the (to buttons) or (to buttons the button) and Select and to the Press the to To the function, the and the the seconds. and the released. Security The includes security locking to its theft when or locations:
Security You security as shown below to the to or mount. security The security (located the of the with the MicroSaver security You purchase this from Security security the
the
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the and that the and clean. or to cool the The only should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the Transporting the
the with or the to or thinner, or other These the To V13H134A13. information. the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the To or smears the cloth cleaning Cleaning the cleaning, off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and and wring the cloth Then the Cleaning the includes to the performance. If collects the clean as clogs and overheating, which the Turn off the and the cord. from the using or office or the with (such as paintbrush).
You the to both If the too or the as below. the You to the You the from The or torn You repeatedly to or or 800-GO-EPSON to V13H134A13. Turn off the and the cord. the of its as shown. the the clicks the ABS resin, and polyurethane of to
Turn off this when to the of the warning the cool the that the and should to injury. If the the should to the of the cover, If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as the the The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to to the It to the when: The or to The the appears the and the light flashes To brightness and the as as You to the the light flashes or red. light or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L41. Follow these to the Turn off the and, the the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
the cover screw Then the cover off. the screws holding the cant them). the as shown and straight these screws the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
the cover securely when the back the Gently the (If easily, facing the right Then its screws. the cover, then its screw. the as the section. the the to the using the Press the the or the You the
Select the and You this Select and the and finished, to Checking To the of hours the used, the and highlight the Info You this: The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of the The information displayed the input currently selected. If the than hours, the hours as 0H
the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to regulations. other than those specified this and of or and batteries. these of the reach of and the the the the as below: Turn the Press the catch the cover as the off. S6 W6 AA the and as shown. S6 W6 the cover and clicks S6 W6
Transporting the The and hand-carrying the the carrying Follow these to when the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first it hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the the A/V cover). If SD or USB connected, from the W6 only). the to their (highest) the incurred
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights operation with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the the or the Press the the or the You the the arrow buttons the or the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the item and the To the the If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light light light to the following of the lights: light light Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. The or You or the to Red, flashing red, or There with the the to the
light(s) light(s) or Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clean. The overheating, which the off automatically. the switches to (about there of around and the The clogged. Clean or the as to If the of High the If the to overheat the the the cord, and as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. The internal Stop the the cord, and as There with the or Stop the the cord, and as The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the clogged. Clean or the as to If this the the cool and then If the cracked, it as If the cracked, If the If using the of High the If of these the as
The If the when the the connected to the and The the from the and as If the Direct On function and immediately the back the back Press the to the back The the If the function cant the the the instead, or and the seconds to release the With the or Sound appears the that the light flashing) and that the A/V the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the
The attached or the If from DVD or other and its button. If from or the You of the connected and with the displayed. the correctly, as If connected and or to the Search or Source Search to the Allow seconds the to the the connected turned If using PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the If the while the or already turned the function that the to Turn the and the off and then back might to the the to that both the LCD and or
If using OS X: Preferences Click Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. The Not displayed. the input selected the and or refresh the If necessary, of the displayed. Press the the or the the the the information. Press the Aspect the W6 only) or the Aspect from the the Press the the to the function. correct. the You to existing created them software information.
If the necessary. If from with activated, off. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the isnt its as The or If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the projected when the displayed and the off the LCD the input selected the If or with the the If the to the Sharpness the If from its with the If from the the to the Tracking, and
The blurry. There or smears the Clean the as the the If the the to the the to directly front of the the to reduce the amount of correction required. the within the from the the You to using the from to If from to the tracking and as the section. You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the or the the to the and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or try text white background. You the to It with through the
of the used, exactly match the or the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. Press the W6 only) or option the the If the and the You the and the the Brightness and the the Brightness to the The to replaced. instructions. the input selected the that connected to the and connected securely.
There sound, or the sound enough. the buttons to the or the the A/V (Press the A/V to If includes the turned the or muted. to this clicking the right of the On to the from (top right of the or the function If DVD or other the connected correctly, as Nothing appears S6 and only) The that connected through the With the Remote The to commands. the the receiver. within of the and within and from the front or back receiver. The correctly or To the
the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the To these technical services: to with the S6 or W6 You and and troubleshooting or with to templates, and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through
and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product S6 or W6 Product (located the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and Accessories You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Technical Specifications of TFT active S6 (SVGA) (XGA) W6 (WXGA) Light (brightness) S6 High White light (ISO light White light (ISO light W6 High White light (ISO light White light (ISO light
Technical Specifications (with Iris turned ratio the S6 (with Iris off the (with Iris turned off the W6 (with Iris turned off the S6 to inches to to inches to W6 to inches to Projection S6 to inches to to inches to W6 to inches to Projection rear, mount) sound S6 W6 S6 aspect ratio W6
S6 ratio W6 Brightness High Brightness correction W6 only): to Projection UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L41 AA inches including inches inches S6 (without W6 Technical Specifications selected, and Turn off this when to the of the
Technical Specifications Rated AC supply to VAC 2.8A to to F to C) to F to C) Humidity (non-condensing) to RH to to High the and United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950-1 First Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX ICs this
Compatible These the high and To output from the refresh thats with the resized to the The of allow to correctly; S6 Computer, and Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 WXGA60 WXGA75 SXGA260 SXGA360 WXGA160 WXGA260 WXGA+60 SXGA+60 Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Computer, and Refresh VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
W6 Computer, and Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 WXGA60 WXGA75 WXGA85 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 WXGA160 WXGA260 WXGA+60 WXGA+75 WXGA+85 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60 WSXGA+60** Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Computer, and Refresh VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV when as the
HDMI Refresh VGA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the or back than that specified correction If the mounted should technicians mounting with this If mount and apply to the mount to the screws from or or the the crack and the from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or mount, to the screws from and or the or heavy the where to or humidity. the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where it to or
Notices of through the or the or location, such as near heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or it top of which If the least inches of the and the the closed-in If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the the of the the of to F to C). Doing and to the the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the the shock. the when the from the and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; If or from the If the or or If or the or to or If or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service
the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or If the country other than where purchased the that country. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. the following when the the with the with the the the when the to the when disconnecting to with these fire or shock. the where the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the that become warped or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with the or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Notices
Notices FCC Compliance United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following measures: or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations.