PM EPSON Turn On the to the back of the and the other grounded the cover. the cover the the that with the and them as shown. Then the cover. the ON/OFF switch to the the and the The light flashes and then CAUTION: the To the properly: Press the the cool while the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the the when the light or flashing the To the the foot release the front foot and the front. Release the to the foot ON/OFF switch the to the the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the facing the squarely. If or the or buttons the Choose to to the To to If connecting to below. To If wirelessly the back of this You the TM software and and wirelessly. instructions. To memory Chapter If to turned the and the as sections and the VGA that with the to the the other to or If cant the to to instructions. Press the the displayed. Turn
PM If or the the light the and flashing, and the cover off. If the or the the If active, the A/V the the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD If and the the following: the CRT/LCD or function as If this the both the LCD and (Allow seconds the to OS X: From the Apple Preferences then Select the VGA or LCD the (or and checked. Click this OS or From the Apple then or and Sound Click the then top of the other; this both the and the LCD If this option isnt the and Click If displayed correctly, the the to If wirelessly... Follow the this section to wireless from XP, or OS or NOTE: You already the software and and the instructions. Also, or the and the as sections and the front of this Select as the the the the EPSON with the outward, as shown. the of the NOTE: the EPSON Other and to the other Once the screen this: (optional) From the EMP NS or the EMP NS Applications If this the and IP wireless and OK You this If the properly, as shown. If wireless listed, If appear, the Once the of appears, it and If the four that appear the Network and OK the the top of this to the You transmitted to the and appears the with o the Where To Telephone Services service, and To the EPSON the PIN the EPSON included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services EPSON through services hours and to EPSON and of SEIKO NC ATION. and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc. C Printed XXXXXXXXX Select Click to