Network
Copyright and of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation and its or from the of options or other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Info-ZIP copyright and This of the Info-ZIP The of this should ftp://ftp.info-zip.org/pub/infozip/license.html indefinitely and Copyright Info-ZIP. rights the of this copyright and Info-ZIP as the following of Goatley, Chris Herborth, Heath, Jonathan P. Salisbury, Smith, M. Christian White. Copyright and
to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the and the following Redistributions of whole or the copyright and this of Redistributions and the copyright and this of and/or other with the The to this redistribution of (including as of self-extracting archive; that without inclusion of this as as the SFX from the or versions--including, to operating existing with graphical interfaces, with or functionality, and shared, or from Info-ZIP--must plainly as such and as the or, from the as Info-ZIP releases--including, to, of the with the Info-ZIP (or thereof, including, to, UnZip, or without the of Info-ZIP. further from of the or Info-ZIP or the Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP the Info-ZIP the right to the Info-ZIP, UnZip, UnZip, and its and releases. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Copyright and
Introduction About built-in Ethernet interface and anywhere 10Base-T or 100Base-TX. The built-in Ethernet interface selects the and when to the The interface and the You from Microsoft and OS If to the interface to TCP/IP and SNMP The with and allows to and easily the interface. The the interface to only with that This imply that of the or operating The that the interface the operating and the network About This This Network information about using the interface It includes to the interface, the software, and and information about or Introduction
This written and of the included this network knowledge and rights. The this to the the with Supervisor. The network interface to the built-in Ethernet of the this this other than This the instructions. and Notes to injury. to to Notes information and the of The interface the following OS XP (Home, Professional) OS OS TCP/IP LPR, TCP/IP TCP/IP Introduction
of the Network Interface built-in Ethernet interface, which the interface this to the Supports such as TCP/IP and Supports both 10Base-T and 100Base-TX. Supports DHCP. Supports IP (APIPA) that assigns IP to the interface there DHCP the Supports the DNS function. Supports SNMP. Supports SNTP Network Supports OS or Introduction
Network Interface lights The lights with information the operation of the interface. The light the whether the interface connected to 10Base-T or 100Base-TX The light the right flashes when transmitted. If the light the and the light the right off, the connected to the Network The RJ-45 to Ethernet to You Ethernet both 10Base-T and 100Base-TX. You or higher shielded twisted-pair to the to Indicates Flashes when type RJ-45 Introduction
About the Software The software CD with includes the following software. Windows-based that allows to the interface. Macintosh-based that allows to the interface. EpsonNet Macintosh with web-based that allows to the interface. with Browser Terms and Concepts of of the interface to to with DHCP It that assigns IP to that or information through Computers and software with each other TCP/IP of that Introduction
Chapter Network This section the to the interface. the interface operation. the computers. the interface to the the interface and the If necessary, the of the interface the functions and operations of the interface, such as the lights. Network Interface Operation that the necessary (such as TCP/IP) computers, and (such as the IP the interface to the Connecting the Network Interface to the the Network Interface the interface users, About users, About Network
Network the interface and from the to the (such as TCP/IP) and IP and the to the section this chapter operating the following to the The operating CD the TCP/IP to the IP the and the of the Click and then and or Network and Click and then the Network If the Account appears, the
the following the If they already to Network Software If the the to them. Double-click the to the the IP the and then OK the The to the section Connecting the Network Interface to the Network The following the the interface with Necessary TCP/IP, SNMP (IP (TCP/IP) The following the Necessary LPR (TCP/IP) Network
XP XP, the following to the necessary The XP CD the Click highlight and then Network and Network LAN or High-Speed the Network of this the following the If they already to Network Software Network The following the the interface with Necessary TCP/IP, SNMP (IP (TCP/IP)
If the the to them. LPR Double-click (TCP/IP) the to the (TCP/IP) the IP the and then OK the The to the section Connecting the Network Interface to the OS To IP to Macintosh, follow the below. From the Apple Preferences the Network Click the TCP/IP Select Ethernet from the Assign IP and other necessary. Click the Apply to to the section Connecting the Network Interface to the The following the Necessary LPR (TCP/IP) OS Ethernet as the the Network the to assign the IP from the and then assign the IP Network
the Network Interface Connecting the Network Interface to the Network Follow the instructions below to the interface to the that turned off. of the to the RJ-45 the interface, and the other to the You shielded twisted-pair to the network interface to malfunction. Turn the lights off, turning off the the lights off turning back otherwise the interface correctly. the interface to TCP/IP the and the Network or the when the You both 10Base-T and 100Base-TX. of using the highest with light traffic. OS or Since the and the to the If to the the IP the
the Network Interface the network interface TCP/IP that the and the LCD displays READY Press the the to the Press to highlight NETWORK SETUP then Press then to highlight ENABLE Press OK appears to ENABLE to that selected. Press then to highlight IP ADDRESS SETTING Press then or to choose of the following IP Press OK appears to the selected. Press to back, then of the following: 10.Press to highlight IP, SM, DG SETTING then The LCD the IP 11.Press or to each then to the the of the The LCD displays the 12.Press or to each then to the the of the The LCD displays the Choose AUTO DHCP to IP automatically. Choose PANEL would to the IP manually. If selected AUTO as the IP the to the Then with If selected PANEL as the IP with Network
13.Press or to each then to the the of the the to the 14.Turn the off then back to network and the IP You first the IP with Browser. the or information about the the the TCP/IP Network that the and the LCD displays READY Press the the to the Press to highlight TEST PRINT then Press to highlight NETWORK STATUS SHEET then Press OK to the Network Network
the Software To to the to the the the section this chapter operating the Network Click and then Click to the Click Network
Select the button, then TCP/IP from the Click Next the IP of the and then Next Network
If the following appears. Select the and then EPSON Network Click Next Click the below to the the the software CD CD or DVD Follow the on-screen instructions to the this the Select the created the then OK Follow the instructions to the Network
XP the Network Click and Other and then and From the You this: Click the then Network
Select TCP/IP then the New Click Next Network
of the following that and Network Card selected, then Next Network If DHCP to assign IP to the the or IP shown the the or IP text Then Next If manually assigned IP to the using the or NetConfig, the IP shown the the or IP text Then Next
that the matches the or IP shown the then Click the to to the 10.Click the to to the and the to the Network
the the software CD CD or DVD Follow the on-screen instructions to the this the Select the created the then OK Follow the on-screen instructions to the Click OK the From Network
OS the the software CD CD or DVD Follow the instructions to the the section below operating and the OS Preferences Click the to Select the that connected with Click TCP/IP Preferences Click the to Click More EPSON TCP/IP from the and then the Click Network
OS the Applications the the and then Select the that connected with Click TCP/IP the Applications the the and Click More EPSON TCP/IP from the and then the Click Network If displayed with More from the then the If displayed with TCP/IP, More EPSON TCP/IP from the then the
Chapter Network Software This chapter to the software with About allows to the interface. to included the software CD shipped with Accessing the EpsonNet The information Follow the below to the EpsonNet Click to or and then Click to From the The appears. Click the the of the screen to information Network Software
About EpsonNet allows to the interface. to included the software CD shipped with Accessing the The information Follow the below to the EpsonNet Double-click the HD the Applications the and then the Finally, the From the EpsonNet with Browser About with Web-based to the the IP of the interface the URL EpsonNet to allow to the interface. Network Software The appears. Click the the of the to information using
Supported Browsers Microsoft or or Firefox or OS X: or Apple or Firefox or About with Browser, to the If the Access the selected, with Browser. Follow below to the Access the Right-click the the and then Click the the Access the Network Software
the Network Interface With assigned IP to the interface using the or DHCP the interface using with Browser. TCP/IP correctly the and the network interface. Follow the below to the IP Turn of the following Click TCP/IP Network the to the TCP/IP Select the IP DHCP becomes and assigns IP automatically. If to the IP manually, Network Software or Select the to from the and then and then type the IP of the interface directly. or Macintosh. of interface/ To the IP of the interface, About users, or About users Network from the Network instructions.
To IP manually, the IP the and the the IP with other the If to and when IP obtained the DHCP the IP (APIPA) to otherwise, IP the command, PING Select when IP with this of the IP Select DNS to the DNS using the DHCP Select and Automatically to the and the the DHCP The to the IP selected, DHCP becomes DHCP server/router If IP Addressing (APIPA) IP assigned to the when there DHCP If the DNS function supported, that and then IP This the IP of the interface every the that to the accordingly. If there or router functioning as the IP of the or the router the If there the If to the DNS manually, and then the IP of the DNS If to manually, the and the the text boxes. Network Software
10.Select Network Interface to DNS to the and to the DNS through the DHCP that DNS. 11.Select or Universal and Select to the Universal and function or operating the and This that the Universal and function. OS only: Select or If the and the If DHCP, the the this 14.Click and the necessary, to the 15.If the appears the the and to the this appears. Follow the on-screen instructions to the Network Software If to the and the directly to the DNS Network Interface Directly to DNS If the the the the user Since the IP becomes the to the IP the where the
with the IP of the interface the URL browser. Top to the to previously the to About to the copyright and information EPSON to the Information the information. the information. Information Network the interface information. TCP/IP information about TCP/IP. SNMP information about SNMP. Access information about Access Timeout information about Timeout. information about EDM the EDM information. Network Ethernet the TCP/IP the settings/method TCP/IP. SNMP the SNMP. Access the Access Timeout the Timeout. the Network Software
Optional the of the and to the and to the the to Network Software
Chapter Troubleshooting the interface or from the What to The or to as Network If the assigned the IP to the and the What to You assigned IP to the manually, assigned the IP to the IP (APIPA). to What to You or The appears when What to TCP/IP the the TCP/IP TCP/IP the its IP correctly. or the to assign the IP that to the as the Uninstall and then Uninstalling Software IP the Troubleshooting
The Could appears when to the interface. What to This when using Command Prompt from the router. which and then the following command: to with Browser. What to You the IP the interface. The and IP appear the EpsonNet What to If IP the items indicated the appear. Troubleshooting Format: >ROUTE_ADD_the IP of the interface_ the IP of the (the >ROUTE ADD the IP the interface using or the You the IP Network IP Refresh the selecting Refresh from the Increase the of timeout. To this, from the and then Timeout that to slowly.
Network These items to the Item NETWORK SETUP IP ADDRESS SETTING* IP, SM, DG to SETTING* On, INIT NETWORK EXECUTE SETTING* only when selected NETWORK SETUP IP the the to the to the IP the interface. To the IP and from the follow the below. that the turned and the LCD displays READY Press the the to the Press to highlight NETWORK SETUP then Press then to highlight ENABLE Press OK appears to ENABLE to that selected.
Press then to highlight IP ADDRESS SETTING Press then or to choose of the following IP Press OK appears to the selected. Press to back, then of the following: 10.Press to highlight IP, SM, DG SETTING then The LCD displays the IP 11.Press or to each then to the the of the The LCD displays the 12.Press or to each then to the the of the The LCD displays the 13.Press or to each then to the the of the the to the 14.Turn the off then back to the IP You first the IP with Browser. the information about the Choose AUTO DHCP to IP automatically. Choose PANEL would to the IP manually. If selected AUTO as the IP the to the Then with If selected PANEL as the IP with
Uninstalling Software Follow the below to the software. Click and then Uninstall the to and then the Uninstall/Change Follow the on-screen instructions to XP Click and then or Click the or Select the to and then the Change/Remove Follow the instructions to OS Double-click the Click the the the and then the Select Uninstall from the Click the Uninstall button. Follow the on-screen instructions to You the to the Trash.