S7/79/W7
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Software Copyright: This software as as software to which this the rights. The following information the software this each author, the and the Furthermore, there free software of the characteristics of the software that already this this (including that with the software concerned) influence the of the (written issued this Thomas G. This software based the of the JPEG Group. Inc. and Information Copyright Notice
and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-27606
S7/79/W7 easy-to-use, lightweight with built-in It offers to S7) or of white and light (brightness). It SVGA S7), XGA or WXGA W7) You to of and offers these easy and security features: instantly from PC USB Direct On, /On correction with S7) or W7) Security protection, security included), and optional security Additional Closed captioning and ratio with Iris turned A/V that with Carrying and included
This the information to and Please follow these as through to injury. to to Notes information about hints. More Information where information connecting the to and the and from the the or the Download and to If this and the this section, the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information.
A/V cover) Foot release Rear Rear foot foot 79/W7 only) foot USB AC cover cover screw
S7 Source Search (searches light and lights W7 Source Search (searches light and warning lights (corrects items) (displays (increases (selects (corrects items) (corrects items) (displays (selects items) (corrects
Remote A/V off Aspect buttons USB required) buttons Source Search and Source buttons assign function) (activates buttons) (arrow) buttons and
the below to or the Mounting screw of to mounting
and Warranty with warranty that with the warranty included with offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the included with You using the included CD, or epson.com/webreg. products, and service. Optional To of the offers the following optional Product V13H010L54 V13H134A25 Universal mount plate round plate security ELPSL01 50-inch aspect 80-inch aspect Screen ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 ELPMBP03 ELPMBC01 ELPSC06 ELPSC08 ELPSC80
Product ELPKC19 ELPSV01 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321001 ELPDC10S Soft shoulder and carrying hard-shell wheeled carrying Gear You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPKS61 ELPKS62 ELPKS58 ELPKS63
the his chapter to the and to or or to such as VCR, DVD or Follow the instructions this chapter Unpacking the Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to Connecting sound through the Turning the and off
the the the these VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. instructions. (If the hand, the carrying PDF and CD-ROM AA Remote Carrying Protected
Additional to the To from DVD or other One included with or purchase the ELPKC19 from Optional Accessories To One included with or purchase from Optional Accessories To RCA-type with or (with and white Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the This the front of the the and enough to the to to these as the the there of around and the the within of grounded outlet or cord. the
the increases with the aspect ratio the and whether other the and below to the of You the the S7 Projection (A) Screen to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to of
S7 (A) to (B) inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to the
the Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to Projection (A) to (B) inches to inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inch to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to W7 (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to
(A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to W7 Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to the
positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from the W7 Projection (A) to (B) inches to inches inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to to inches inches to inches to inches inches to from the front, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about with the of the If the below to the front foot. the the to become shaped, the
You the three other or Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting to the Projection the to the correctly Connecting to You the to the USB This lightweight with when the You the to that including PC computers, and computers, and instructions. To sound through the You to as wireless when from the
The USB OS. If the software automatically, manually. the Connecting to the USB You XP, or (SP4) to the USB and USB (recommended) and than USB The first to the USB software from the Follow the instructions to the the USB the to USB Turn the of USB to the USB the of the to USB or appear as the and the software automatically. Follow the instructions the to the USB software. If Warning, or (You these instructions the first USB
the software displayed the You switch the to other using the Source Search or Search the or the You optional to play sound through the finished Chapter instructions and the from the USB Connecting to the VGA You to the the VGA that with (the of the VGA to the Computer and the other to You to the the to RGB or You optional to sound through the the Dont to force to with or of You the or or the trying to
the You to the as wireless finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the Connecting to You to the the to its If RCA Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB Connecting RGB Source to optional to sound through the finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the
Connecting Source If RCA to the and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the the If the with purchase from
If the with purchase from the Connecting Source the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting finished instructions turning the and Chapter instructions and the
Connecting Source If (three or purchase from or the of the RCA) to the (or the other of the (HD15 to the optional or You to the the to If to sound through the instructions finished instructions turning the and instructions and the the
the Connecting RGB Source You to RGB using the VGA with the the to the RGB and the the You to the the to RGB If to sound through the instructions connecting finished instructions turning the and instructions and the
Connecting If to the as as the You to the A/V or switched to appear the First VGA connected to the Then to the as shown: the LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or The turned the to to the (though to Communication On the
the Sound Through the You sound through the the and to the the the other of the to the connector(s) or Connecting You sound from the to with built-in amplifier. the to to with and the other or
the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to the
the Turning the On and Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to turn the the A/V cover). of the the and the other
The light Press the the or the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If prompted to the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when or with switch. You to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the or then the and light the warning the when the This and If when Direct On and the the when the restored.
selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You the to turn off the and when to This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If the the cord. the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press to The the the the This incorporates technology. To turn off, its as below, or off switch that to the You to the to cool first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The off and the You then the cord. If to turn the the light flashing, then the
and the Follow the this chapter Selecting the
and the Selecting Source You to the connected to the (such as or DVD Selecting the switch input from of connected If the the Source Search the or the the to of the Source buttons the or USB If cant or cant the that or the Once to If the too high or too as below. If the isnt To or To the brightness, or To the aspect If to the and/or sound, Chapter Source Search Source buttons
the of the If the too the the front foot to Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If the or to the height of the the the the to or the as below. the You the directly front of the and it This the If the or to or the and to the and the
and the If distorted, of the following: Press the correction the the S7 W7 Select the the Then the arrow buttons the to the of the correction buttons correction buttons
Focusing and the Turn the the to the W7: to or reduce the the S7: to or reduce the the or (reduce) the You the the instructions. If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. and the
and the Selecting the The the brightness, and this to Press the the to option. Press the option the right corner. from of these Brightest or TV bright bright Theatre: natural-toned high-contrast bright (only when the to or USB Sports: TV bright (only or Matches the of displays. Blackboard the white Whiteboard bright with white text and graphics.
You the aspect to height) ratio input Press the Aspect the Press the Aspect repeatedly to through the Select from of these Aspect Normal through the only) using the and the aspect ratio of the Choose this to the and the of the using the aspect ratio of Converts the aspect ratio of the to ratio elongated to W7 Normal: the and the aspect ratio of the Choose this to the and the of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to ratio elongated to using the of the and the aspect ratio of the The off the top and its aspect Aspect and the You the aspect ratio when from using the USB
and the using the of the the aspect ratio elongated Native: as (aspect ratio and Black appear or off, the
Presenting With the includes of to of them the which the from anywhere the to This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting
If than seconds, the operating to release the operation the bright or sunlight Presenting With the Remote the Remote as Follow these the the the front or back of the or the within of the the within to the of, or or below, the receivers the the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the or the A/V the to off the and sound, and This to temporarily without the of bright A/V To the and sound back the or the A/V You such as or to the screen whenever the A/V information.)
You the to off the to the the A/V closed instructions. Action Press the the to the action or The the sound To the action, the You of the the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the arrow buttons to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the arrow buttons to around the Press the to Press the SC to the to its The function the the sound. the to the Presenting With the Remote You the while
To temporarily off the sound and the A/V or the A/V You the as wireless when from the You to to the as Presenting With the Remote the To the the the or the On the W7 the or the You the the With the Remote You the of to to the to the If the USB to the to of the following: through the or buttons the as would wireless the arrow, and buttons of these USB to the USB the and the function to buttons
To using the or buttons, as the USB the Then using those buttons. or to Left-click If to the as wireless as the USB the Then as follows: the arrow buttons to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the arrow buttons to the where release the Right-click Presenting With the Remote
Presenting With the Remote Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the arrow the to the the using the the or to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the and the security features
the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the arrow buttons the or the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the arrow buttons to through the of of the options or the selected highlighting the option to the arrow to the to the to sub-screen. Press the or right arrow to To from or the or arrow to highlight the and the the to and to the (or to the You the to
Restoring the You the option to the factory-default the that To the to their factory-default the highlight and to the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Iris the the or and the You to of these: Computer/RGB the the the or
The the input selected. The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness. Select the then choose Normal or ECO (the Normal the the options as the and brightness You each of each Brightness or the the light and areas. the of the the of to the Sharpness the sharpness of the the of the Select High to the or to (Not selected as the the Select to red, and and (Not selected as the Iris Automatically the to the brightness of the only when or Theater selected as the the input
Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB the options as this On to Turn off to to the and to to the the of the input If necessary, or Normal ratio the
You the to the and the Tracking this to this appear or If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the arrow buttons to and Turn this to the If the right the the the type of connected to the Choose RGB or or that (with or or only) Select the the type of connected to the this PAL (then PAL60 Aspect the aspect ratio (ratio of to height). information.
You the to the the and other features. W7 S7 the of the the or If that or the Sharpness S7 only) the from to of the buttons the or of the the button. information. choose from three information. from of The ECO reduces and and the operating life. or lowers the of the the
the shortcut to of the following items: Closed Caption Info the the the assigned item displayed. and You the to the the displays Direct On, closed captioning, or off, and other operations. or off. Background: the background to Black or when or of the when the turned A/V the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. Closed Caption closed captioning that as
Select (to the front of (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the Direct On: to to the when the (without the the to turn off and received to the amount of the the of the off automatically, from to Cover to the off when the A/V closed than High when the to that the properly. Turn this off Select On to the to and from when (the light USB to the USB Select USB to the USB to Select to the to Select to the wireless and the If the A/V the about seconds, switch and or Rear and Rear/Ceiling If Direct On the connected, and the when the restored. the
the 21L Select On to the to and from using 21L software and the USB Communication Select to the the Security To unauthorized of the Assign You the to the from and from the section. that and/or when the A/V button pressed. The with to theft and to the should the buttons; this classroom when to that touches the buttons while the the to theft using locking
Protection The the Follow these to Press the the to seconds. You this Select the type(s) of protection to On Protect unauthorized of the the and turned to the Select On then to to the Protect Protect and the from On then to to the Protect the arrow to and to the and the and the to four the Press the then to the Turn off and the the If the to the the Also, to write
If the the appear. It appears and the cord. the Starting the With the function this when and the the and the to the four The and If the following: If the correct, prompting to the If incorrect three with the The operation and the switches to the then the from the and the back the If the with the that appears the Where To If incorrect the and to service.
Creating You from or to the and then as You as the displayed when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and Choose this as the and selection displays the the arrow buttons to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to factor and the choose the You to Once to the factory
You these to them from without the the this as the appears, and the or while the the Completed to Choosing to the to as the the when theres or the when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Choose from these Background to to when there to On to when the A/V to to when the A/V finished, to the the function, of the buttons, or of the buttons the The to the Press the button, highlight the and Select and the
Select (to buttons) or (to buttons the and Select and to the Press the to To the function, the and the the seconds. displayed and the released. Security The includes security locking to its theft when or locations: Security You security as shown below to the to or mount. security The security (located the of the with the MicroSaver security You purchase this from Security security the
the
clean of the turn off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the and that the and clean. or to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the Transporting the
the with or the to shocks, or thinner, or other These the To V13H134A25. information. the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the To or smears the cloth cleaning Cleaning the cleaning, turn off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and and wring the cloth Then the Cleaning the includes to the performance. If collects the clean as clogs and overheating, which the Turn off the and the cord. from the or office or the with (such as paintbrush).
You the to both If the too or the as below. the You to the You the from The or torn You repeatedly to or or 800-GO-EPSON to V13H134A25. Turn off the and the cord. the cover the of the the of its as shown. ABS resin, and polyurethane of to the
Turn off this when to the of the the the the clicks the The of the about hours the Normal and hours this ECO to the It to the when: The or to The the appears the and the light flashes To and the as as You to the the light flashes red. light
or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L54. Follow these to the Turn off the and the cord. the cool least hour The immediately the cover screw Then the cover off. the screws holding the cant them). these screws the warning the cool the that the and should to injury. If the the should to the of the cover, If the the passed, the that the increases. appears, the with as as
The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the cover securely cover when the back the the as shown and straight the (If easily, facing the right Then its screws. the cover, then its screw. the as the section.
the the to the using the Press the the or the You the Select the and You this Select and the and finished, to Checking To the of hours the used, the and highlight the Info You this: the The information displayed the input currently selected. If the than hours, the hours as 0H
batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to other than those specified this and of or and these of the reach of and the The of the about hours the Normal and hours this ECO the hours this to the of the the the as below: Turn the Press the catch the cover as the off. AA the and as shown.
the battery and clicks Transporting the The and hand-carrying the the carrying Follow these to when the A/V cover). If USB connected, from the the to their (highest) the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the the incurred
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the the or the Press the the or the You the the arrow buttons the or the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the item and the To the the or If of the to the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light to the following of the lights: light light Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. The or You or the to Flashing or cooling or flashing There with the the to the light light
light(s) light(s) or Flashing Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clean. Flashing Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing If of these the as Flashing Flashing Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the The overheating, which the off automatically. the switches to (about there of around and the The clogged. Clean or the as to If the of High the If the to overheat the using the the cord, and as The internal Stop the the cord, and as There with the or Stop the the cord, and as The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the clogged. Clean or the as to If this the the cool and then If the cracked, as If the cracked, If the If the of High the The Iris or Stop using the the cord, and as
The If the when the the connected to the and The the from the outlet and as If the Direct On function and immediately the back the back Press the to the back The the If the function cant the buttons the using the instead, or and the seconds to release the With the or Sound appears the that the light flashing) and that the A/V the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the
The attached or the If from DVD or other and its If from or the You try of the connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as If connected and or to the Source Search to the Allow seconds the to the the connected turned If using PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the If the while the or already turned the function that the to Turn the and the off and then back might to the the to that both the LCD and or
If OS X: Preferences Click Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the and or refresh the If necessary, of the displayed. Press the the or the the the the information. Press the Aspect the or the Aspect from the the Press the the to the function. correct. the You to existing created them software information.
If the necessary. If from with activated, off. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the isnt its as The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD the input selected the If or with the the If the to the Sharpness the If from its with the If from the the to the and
The There or smears the Clean the as the the If the the to the the to directly front of the the to reduce the amount of correction required. the within the from the the You to using the from to If from to the tracking and as the section. You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the or the the to the Tracking, and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background. You the to It only with through the
of the used, exactly match the or the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. Press the or option the the If the and the You the and the the Brightness and the the to the The to replaced. instructions. the input selected the that to the and connected securely.
There sound, or the sound enough. the to the or the the A/V (Press the A/V to If includes the turned the or muted. to this clicking the right of the On to the from (top right of the or the function If DVD or other the connected correctly, as Nothing appears The that connected through the With the Remote The to commands. the the receiver. within of the and within and from the front or back receiver. The correctly or To the
the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. If buttons than seconds, the Release that to the Where To these technical services: to with the S7, or W7 (U.S.) or S7, or W7 You and and troubleshooting or with to Representative To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply.
please the following information Product S7, or W7) Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active S7 (SVGA) (XGA) W7 (WXGA) Light (brightness) S7 Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light W7 Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light
Technical Specifications ratio Normal with Iris turned the S7 to inches to to inches to W7 to inches to Projection S7 to inches to to inches to W7 to inches to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio W7 ratio S7 W7 ECO Normal correction Projection UHE High Efficiency)
hours (Normal hours (ECO V13H010L54 Remote AA Height inches including inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC 2.8A to ECO Normal (Communication (Communication On) to F to C) to F to C) Humidity (non-condensing) to RH to to High the Technical Specifications selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the
Technical Specifications and United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950-1 Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX ICs this Compatible These the high and To from the computers refresh thats with the resized to the The of allow to correctly; Computer, and Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85
Computer, and Refresh XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 WXGA60 WXGA75 SXGA260 SXGA360 WXGA160 WXGA260 WXGA+60 SXGA+60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Native Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications W7 Computer, and Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 WXGA60 WXGA75 WXGA85 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 WXGA160 WXGA260 WSXGA60 WSXGA75 WSXGA85 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60 WSXGA+60**
Computer, and Refresh VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV when as the Native Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the or back than that specified correction If the mounted should technicians mounting with this If mount and apply to the mount to the screws from or or the the crack and the from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or mount, to the screws from and or the or heavy the where to or humidity. the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. of the the where it to or
Notices of through the or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided. If using or least feet of the to allow You to the and or to cool the the of the the of to F to C). Doing and to the the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the the shock. the when the from the and servicing to service the following If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; If or from the If the or or frayed; If or the or to or If or the housing as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service
the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or If the country other than where purchased the that country. cords, or the This fire or shock. the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when the to the when to comply with these fire or shock. the where the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the that become warped or heat the or to the while the its off, the disconnected from the and disconnected. to the immediately because the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with the or mouth. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Notices
Notices FCC Compliance United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations.