Copy Scan HD ULTRA and business and to (black/color); as fast as lights the buttons includes LCD to and built-in wired and wireless from and right productivity to or of originals built-in two-sided with and clarity the Bring back to easily the to Professional right One-of-a-kind easily and Preferred SM two-year warranty and toll-free telephone with protection count
Copy Scan ULTRA HD Specifications Hi-Definition Advanced with DX5 Light Light and Cartridge scratch, and Resistance/Print Longevity to 200-year to than Droplet as as Black text to text to as as seconds Copy Black to to Memory: to (CIS interpolated Copy Color, Black/White, Text, Graphics, Copy Quantity to (PC-free) Copy with Copy background to Reduction and and Copy CDs/DVDs, of Scan to memory or USB Scan to PDF, Scan and to Scan to PC, with optional LCD, to and with optional Correction of with input trays, to and the built-in LCD PC-free Correction, Select and Crop, and and print-by-date, and ID, Select to college-ruled, and cards, photo ID, and CD LCD, Direct CD/DVD Specifications Black-and-white and as as Memory: to Compatible Memory Cards SD Memory Card SD, MicroSD SDHC SDHC SDHC Memory Memory Memory PRO Memory PRO Memory PRO- HG Memory (M2) Memory Compact Compact Compact II Card Card Card Card Card Direct PictBridge (cameras/phones), DPOF measured first based and measured from of feed. Additional based software and complexity. www.epson.com/printspeed information about Double-sided the only with optional One-year warranty to purchasers; toll-free and second-year warranty within of purchase. With phone without charge the of the Telephone charges apply. based testing of specialty displayed to light intensity, and atmospheric the longevity of life, or properly them. www.wilhelm-research.com the information. the of The of other products and longevity and Cartridge based printed, type, of and amount of the the www.epson.com/cartridgeinfo information about America, Inc. www.epson.com Airport CA M1W 3Z5 www.epson.ca Specifications to without and and of Corporation. and DX5 and service of Inc. other and and/or of their respective and rights these Copyright Inc. CPD-26471R1 Supported PRINT Correction with advanced and red-eye PC-free A4, B5, A5, A6, length) Supports Bright White and Scrapbook Envelope DL, C6; Capacity sheets Recommended Cartridges High-capacity Light Light and (W H) Black Connectivity with Ethernet USB PictBridge, Bluetooth (optional) XP Professional XP, OS and or Software Included CD, to Scan, ArcSoft Creations ABBYY Correction and ICM Sound to F to C), to F to C) Relative UL60950-1, CAN/CS4-222 EMI FCC B, CAN/CSA-CEI/IEC CISPR Rated VAC Rated Rated ISO ENERGY STAR Warranty warranty and toll-free with Bluetooth Whats The and instruction CD-ROM with and creativity software, cord, (CAT-5), telephone cord, SM and free with offers (offer the United States), Hi-Definition High-capacity Black and Standard-capacity Yellow, Light Light