Theater
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing, LLC. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-20687 Copyright Notice
Introduction The theater-quality the of offers these features: Native 720P and to incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the intensity based the and black/white of perfectly the through and 3LCD increased and the unmatched with the built-in light expanded, and sophisticated tracking HDMI (High Definition Interface wide-format Complete including mount and hours of ISF Foundation) including front and mounted, with and offset to lighting and of Introduction
cover D4/SCART (RS-232C) Introduction foot HDMI (RGB) AC switch
cover light Warning light Mounting Source Switches the input the item the correction buttons the of Aspect the aspect ratio Select/Line Selects items or the Introduction
Memory Aspect the Changes the aspect ratio buttons Source buttons Switch to the the of the the of the to the Lights the buttons easy Introduction light Lights when commands On and buttons lighting Select/Line Selects items or the ESC the item the of the S. the tones of people appearing the off the
Optional the following optional the Product (ELPLP35) V13H010L35 (ELPAF09) V13H134A09 security ELPSL01 ELPSV01 You purchase from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and Warranty The with basic three-year carry-in warranty. who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service To the that with and to products, and service. Introduction
This This the information to the to and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the to injury. to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choosing Location You the as shown below. the
Ideally, the height where its the top and of the That the and the to the This the If the or below to or to the the this the of the its using the function If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the the too to the or right, or the
The of the the from the to the and the the this as rough aspect ratio aspect ratio Projection Projection to to to to to to to to to to to feet to to to To the when know the (or the when the the Projection You this from the these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. the
the To the first to the location, based the of the as to locating the the following from the of the to the mounting inches inch from the of the to the of the inches inch The following the of the
The included mount the to the or the location that Follow the instructions included with the mount to the which pounds. The or where of of pounds. to the with the mount, head screwdriver and to the or If the the to invert the that appears right Follow these Press the the Press the buttons to the then the to Press the when If to AV with the to the of ESC/VP21 buttons the
Connecting the You the to type of such as VCR, DVD or or You to or PC or Apple You to of the of the shown below: HDMI HDMI (with to to RGB RGB RCA the the to the three Match the and the Select (NTSC) or (HDTV) as the
to the HDMI (High-Definition Interface) If HDMI, to of the following (highest first): or to the to HDMI or of these of these If to the to the or the properly Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded the
The DC when the turned This whether the or off, and to or when the to the as shown. the Remote The AA Warning: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the the and clicks the the front or back of the within of the with the within from the receivers. the the to and the If the red, the the
Turning On the the Turn connected to Turn the switch the back of the Press the On the or the the To children from turning the the Child If the High the properly cool the the high The about seconds to and If to the as the switch Turn the the
Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the the cool about seconds. the light flashing and off the switch the back. It to the necessary. Turn the off when Continuous 24-hour-a-day reduce the of the the without turning off and as or and reduce life. Selecting the Source The Source buttons the and switch from of connected to the (such as DVD or or Press the Source the that to the to which connected. the Source buttons
If the Source the of Press the or to highlight and the Select If the using the or the the Press the or to highlight with NTSC or with HDTV or the the type. Then the Select If appear, the troubleshooting To temporarily off the and the the Press the to to the
Positioning the If the the the and to its You to the Press the the then hear click, the centered. If the becomes to turn, the further. If to the height of the the the front of the and the the correctly. the foot
Follow the instructions this chapter to to the and and quality. further Correcting the If the or the function to its If the or the off to the of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the To correction, the or the or the as follows: Press the the Press the buttons to the then Press the or to the of the Press the when To the correction to the and both the and the least second.
Focusing and or reduce the the or of the the Choosing the Aspect Ratio resized to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the If connected to the HDMI, or portor the when or to the Aspect
If the to choose of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded Normal using to to the whole This stretches the right and of the the unchanged. (You when correction.) or recordings Through than and to its without to the Through recorded than and to its If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the to the the when choose Aspect
Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the to with the closed, and the to the with them Select the to then the the Choose from these the brightest the the Night HD that to those professional-use and white or those with that to the the Night, or the built-in increases the and tones.
the and Tones To further the and the and Tone using buttons the (Not when You these and other and the You of with the Memory easy Select the to then of the below. appears beneath the the and the of ColorTemp the 5000K and 10000K. Higher increase the and increase the tint. S. Tone the of tones. The this necessary. Higher increase the tones and increase the tones. S.
the You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. Press the You the following the of the following: of the correction and the Select You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Select Customized Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow buttons to the to the of to then Select. the appears, Select You the following the Select If to back and the the then the Select from the the appears, the arrow buttons to the the that to Then Select. the appears, as necessary, then Select
the The includes to the from once and to from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the buttons to the then the Operation Choose from these options: Child to the the about seconds. (You the to off, however.) Since the to the to from reach. to the the appears the whenever with Operation To the the To and the Select the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the buttons locked. If turned the Child off the and cool The Child the cool-down buttons
You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the the You the or that the and Memory while their You the and the To the the the or You this (the the connected options If connected to the options Press the or to highlight option, then the Select to Press the or to as necessary. You to the Select to choice. finished, the to to the or the to the the highlighted
To the the Select You this the of the Press the or to highlight option, then the Select to Press the to the You the following through the while their Sharpness Black White You to the Press the the then Then the the to the the these options to the Select from to the the arrow buttons to choose the the
Navigation Navigation Select whether to the which which buttons to to choose Select the the Quality the these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input HDMI, A, B) and the input switch to the other input and Brightness If the from connected and appear the White Level/Black or the Brightness/Contrast. You of these both) each and this first, then the with the The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other the following the the light and of the Navigation
Brightness/Contrast Brightness/Contrast If the Brightness and highlight and the Select then choose Brightness/Contrast the the brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the or this reduces and and to the of the White Level/Black White Level/Black If the White and Black highlight and the then choose White Level/Black the the White that the brightest of the washed Then the Black that shadow-level the of the Iris Iris this the amount of light the to the brightness of the The each and Advanced This the threshold which of the IRE). with the United States, this specifications to of the EPSON White Advanced EPSON White This when the to Night, HD, or If bright of the or overexposed (when the input IRE), this to this turned the the
Advanced This only when HDMI selected as the If DVI and connected to the using HDMI/DVI the of the to match that of the this turned the the EPSON White Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following Choose High-band to such as and clothing. Choose Low-band to and backgrounds. Advanced The 3D HD Processing film-sourced the pulldown and the accordingly. this to when the input and to to its This when or or RGB
If the correct, them these the first three below to the If to the with the each and the intensity of the the and the and the appear warmer or cooler. You this the the information. You to the information. Tone Tone to the tint. the amount of or the useful correcting black-and-white they tinted. You this the S. Tone the information.
RGB RGB/RGBCMY RGB If the RGB highlight RGB/RGBCMY (the first item the and the Select then choose RGB the the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest shades. RGBCMY RGB/RGBCMY RGBCMY If the RGBCMY highlight RGB/RGBCMY (the first item the and the then choose RGBCMY the the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, yellow). each or to to another option. You from to or from or increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. You this the the information.
to the the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the tracking when the of (such as text white background). the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first.
Selecting Memory and the with memory locations to to the each of inputs. Selecting Memory You easily the memory using the memory the Press the Memory the the arrow buttons to the then the Select the appears the selected Creating Memory Memory the through the options and the Aspect and and Press the the the Memory then Memory the memory to then the Select to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Memory
Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the Memory then Memory Press the Select to the memory the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the of the following: Select to clear the and to You should the when information. Select to to their A, Memory, and and
the this section to the and on-screen and of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Scaling Advanced Scaling this the of the that normally the Select to both the and of the Normal displays the HDMI operation. to slightly reduced interference the top or of the (displays Select Normal to includes both the and of the (displays the arrow to the of the the Caption Caption the and of the that only the aspect ratio to to the of the and to the or Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as the Aspect the information.
Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the that appears when switch or of choice when the or when the to temporarily To the first the to the to Then and follow the instructions the the Background to as the to the Select the ratio to Screen Turn this off to from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Select (instead of Black or to background. Record
Other the of the the and right the or the Projection Mirrors and/or the front, rear, and overhead Direct On Direct On to when the switch without the On the or the the that the to this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of connected to the to the the or or to manually Turn this the to while the operating. You this to or
Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the To the back the On the or the the Child Child the the to child to the information. the buttons the to the from once information. High High the of the properly cool the
to the clean. You to clean the to overheating. Warning: of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, If necessary, cloth with and the the with
Cleaning the the turn off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the the of the once every months, or often the If cleaned periodically, become clogged, and causing overheating and to the Press the and the light to flashing. The Turn off the using the switch the back. the and Turn the that and other office to the as shown. If the using (such as clean paintbrush). If the to or the Purchase V13H134A09 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
If to the release the and the cover the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
the The to hours. You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes half-second The the appears the when projecting. selected, and V13H010L35 from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please to the Information the Warning: the cool (about the that the and should to the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Press the and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the the and hour to the Warning light
Press the latches the cover and off the cover. the screws the (they the the as shown and straight Warning: The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the or the as below. the the the back the switch the back, and the Then follow these to the Press the the or the to the then highlight and the Select button. finished, the to The the least hours.
Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the to the Info The following information appears: Source Refresh Rate Info The information displayed the currently selected The Hours shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the cover and the the from the the its or
Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the the of and that the the the turning the they click.
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first the or the the cool off the switch the back, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the Light and light the switch the back of the turned and the connected securely both light The Turn off the switch back to turn off the or the to light flashing The the to appear. light flashing and cant the or off The cooling the light flashing and Then off the switch back to off the or the to light Warning light
Light and warning light High-speed cooling If the too flashing automatically. there of around and the Clean or the light The too which off the automatically. cool then back there of around and the Also, or the light flashing half-second light flashing You the the connected and the switch turned Then the light to the If the the the to the If the High the properly cool the the high The to included with the to the and cover securely installed. There Turn off the switch the back of the and from the Then
appears the screen or the displayed. Press the Source the or of the Source buttons the to the input Allow seconds the to pressing the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light flashing, and the cover off. The (or If the light the to the back turned connected correctly and appears the If using PC Press the function that Its often with CRT/LCD You to such as the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If with OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this isnt another
Click the of the One of the top of the other. If using with OS or From the Apple then and Sound Click the and then top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the (Allow seconds the to The or reversed. the Projection the of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the Scaling to correctly the to the the If connected and the the off. Click Click top of the other
The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the to the function to its the and buttons the You to the function to the as as the or and height the top and of the Then the to the This the The or the correctly connected If and or the securely connected both If using interference amplifier. If the and turning off LCD The the correctly There the Clean the as the the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and
The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the brightness and the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service Remote The to commands. within about of the and the from the than You to the the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater.
Where To technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the connected to of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.1 to to Brightness ANSI ratio to inches to to to to ratio Aspect ratio or correction to UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL to hours, V13H010L35 AA Specifications
Height inches including inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to 120V), to V) to 120V), to V) to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Specifications ICs this
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the incoming It these as or videowhich through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and the The RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as the following or Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Format/ Normal Through Through SDTV HDTV The to the of and the or as the Normal Aspect Through Aspect Through Specifications
RGB Normal Through Through VGA* VESA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 SDTV* HDTV* HDMI input Specifications Aspect
ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP theater from the Following of the Item Command ON/OFF ON PWR ON A/V ON/OFF ON MUTE ON A/V selection Black MSEL Source 4RCA SOURCE HDB15 SOURCE (HDMI) HDMI SOURCE within SOURCE 4X SOURCE D4 SOURCE C0 OFF PWR OFF OFF MUTE OFF MSEL MSEL SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE 1F RGB SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (RCA) SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE C4 SOURCE C5 SOURCE CF Specifications
Item Command CMODE Aspect ratio ASPECT Specifications Night CMODE CMODE CMODE CMODE HD CMODE CMODE 0A Normal ASPECT ASPECT ASPECT Through ASPECT Through ASPECT ASPECT
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. through the or the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or it performance, indicating service; or the housing Notices
Dont the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. Other that such as heater, the Notices
If the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. United States WARNING Notices
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: America, Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TW800 Notices
America, Inc., Warranty What Inc. warrants to the user that the with this warranty purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of three years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to to or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or to the of the the that to the If repaired carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously repaired to the of or, option, another of and quality. or products the warranty of the covered this warranty, that each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers of the the United States and of this and This warranty cover other than This warranty apply to refurbished or reconditioned products, and this warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. Notices
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to you.This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Accessories, cleaning and replacing, to Anti-theft Aspect Aspect selecting, Iris Black Blurry Brightness specification, C connecting, to Child Cleaning to and AV to to ColorTemp. Computer, to Declaration of Conformity, Direct On, Background Service, Support, technical warranty, to EPSON White ESC/VP21 FCC
to HDMI, High Service, of buttons, to to aspect selecting to Info to Interference, Interlaced anti-theft buttons, correction, Index life, replacing, to instructions, to specifications, cleaning, Lights, to buttons, Memory Memory creating, to Mounting Moving Navigation to
to Positioning Positioning to to to cleaning, to lights, to to to to turning and off, to Remote buttons, lighting buttons, to to to RGB RGBCMY instructions, to Sharpness, Tone Source buttons, Source, selecting Specifications to
selecting, Static, (Synchronization) Technical Through Tint, Transporting Turning and off to to VP21 Warranty, to Where to White Caption