EPSON EPSON EPSON CPD-11971
EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information contained with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and EPSON service and and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those CPD-11971 Copyright America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice
Follow these when reading this to to Notes information and Introduction EPSON You to or and to three and easily switch them. the EasyMP.net features directly to the and then them without to PC or the following to learn about: the from Introduction
Introduction the from to the of the following Presenting without If the connected to its EasyMP.net features to directly to the This the and without to PC or EasyMP.net Microsoft such as and Wordas as of instructions, Chapter Connecting or If using EasyMP.net, to the directly to or positioning the Then turn to to or PC, or to VCR, DVD or other type of to Chapter instructions and the the You the to and the and sound, and highlight using as If the as wireless to through from to the Chapter office PC
the If EasyMP.net, USB such as or directly to the This the and highlight If to USB or the EMP software to using (You to to the with wireless Ethernet to about Whichever that of the to the EasyMP.net software and Including sound If connected or and includes sound, of the built-in computers) or wireless LAN (or Introduction
of If the hand to when the the to to related topic. Introduction This the information to and its software. and information, or to and the Reading This The CD-ROM includes of this You to with the CD-ROM CD-ROM the and or To to If from the CD-ROM. the this of You to the topic of choice clicking the of the of the You the arrows the or the the right of the to through the information,
If with the with or first. You troubleshooting Chapter If these the EPSON service. and the PIN the the of services hours Where To information. Introduction
Introduction
Presenting Without the connected to the its EasyMP.net features to without to PC or (If to or instructions.) If without to to the (the the while instructions. to to the memory directly or the Follow the instructions this chapter to the Highlight with and Presenting Without
to www.presentersonline.com This includes of covering and tricks, and templates and art Presenting Without Creating Follow the below to thats with the You of Microsoft and their or specially The of slideshow and playback features. Supported Applications and EasyMP.net of Microsoft and You using of the following: and Word and and (including and (RTF) (JPG), (BMP and DIB), and graphics (PNG) EasyMP.net Word as as that cant while them and formatting slightly from they appear used; the Notices section the Creating Another type of to the You this using the EMP software included with the This slideshow of the playback attributes, such as each and the to automaticallyeither when the first turned or
To follow these the EMP from or from the To the to to the to appear the the to from the to the If to incorporate from the the then the that the to the If the to when played, them the Right-click, choose then the of each to the To the completed to the the from the that appears If with PCMCIA the directly the memory instead of the instructions and the the Presenting Without Computer information creating the the EMP
Presenting Without Once the to the as Then highlight the and To to the the the (or right-click with then the arrow the that appears the buttons To early showing the the If to when the first turned and then Automatically (You the to or To the To and the to
to the Follow the instructions this section to or directly to the to to the the section. to the the memory and where located, choose of these to to the To from office PC to the below. If the with the and to from location, If directly the memory the from Office If created office PC, the of to the using the EMP software; below. If to directly to the to to first. the normally (such as to to the then Downloading While the to to the the EMP Software Follow these to to the Click then EMP Presenting Without You to without first to the
and OK You the to or to existing or Presenting Without You this with the PC the PC Click the as shown You this Select the of then OK (If necessary, the arrow and the from the If isnt listed, to the Search the currently the appear the right, as shown:
To to the highlight its the of the then highlight the where to the right of the Then the instructions information the EMP Utility, the Downloading While the If the and to to the that location (such as or another PC the the to of the following to the the USB and/or directly connected to the the EMP software PC the Follow these Turn the as and the If necessary, EasyMP.net as the (Press the EasyMP.net the You this Click the Presenting Without Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr to Preset
Without Computer You this with the the the Click as shown You this Select the of the PC (or shared where located, then (If the or isnt listed, or to
currently the connected appear the right of the To to the highlight its the right of the then highlight the where to the of the Then the instructions connected PC Presenting Without You the to or to existing or If to type or USB or PC the EMP software.
Presenting Without Copying Directly to the Memory Card If with PCMCIA the memory the and directly the to the the as below. If necessary, the memory thats already the Press the to the of the to the If the recessed, and release that Then to the If CompactFlash the the the (with the the
If PC to the memory and as as the and the PC the to to the memory as Follow these to Turn the as and the If necessary, EasyMP.net as the (Press the EasyMP.net the You this the the the You this this Presenting Without If the and to thats the EMP The to Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr You USB or or the EMP software instead of the to the
To that correctly, to selected the Presenting Without Click as shown the of the following: If the memory its the If PC, the the top of the the of the and its shared or then You to the If connected to this its from the as shown below: then Once connected, the the To its or highlight and the
Follow these when If showing Microsoft Word or through the the of the If spreadsheet, to clicking of the the top of the the the to to the To to the the and then the back arrow the that appears the You the and then the arrow buttons to directly to the of choice. selection, the to the and with with the the then the to to spreadsheet to this Presenting Without to to A/V R/C ON OFF
Other with this Presenting Without Highlighting You highlight with or and with on-screen effects, the or sophisticated effects or Choosing If to the screensuch as arrow or to highlight the to the To or to write text the or (A If USB or Graphire directly to the USB as below. to the EMP PC or thats to the USB or To USB or Graphire directly to the of the four USB the back of the as shown: with the that the of the as that the to and the of the the to or to right-click, the of the the of the
template with the that the clear overlay. The template includes the highlighting and functions as the EMP software, the section. the EMP Software If PC or the as the the EMP software to the and the You or connected to the that of thats with To EMP follow these Click EasyMP then EMP You this Select the of then The EMP software highlighting and Presenting Without You of the template from the CD-ROM. EMP to type text
Presenting Without While the or to the to or the EMP to to the the of the You the buttons the top of the to the to highlighting as shown: or or The other the to features. If of what the mouseover text appears. the information. EMP the to clear highlights
the You and write as below, or white board). Follow the instructions the sections below. Follow these to or the to It spreadsheet, or other type of the Right-click with the (If using the the of the the of the You the shown below: Click the The to To from to right-click. You this clear and Presenting Without
Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Preset to Presenting Without Select of the other as shown. You clicking the appears selections, the to both and right-click, then the to and to them, If or of the following: If the the (applications) then If or the EMP software, the the then If the EasyMP.net the white appears and the to To from to right-click. You this Select of the other as shown. You clicking the checkbox appears the to both and clear and
right-click, then the and to them, the section.) and Notes You the including and and them the memory This them You them to other the You them as JPEG or the function to them HTML This (and others) them PC using browser. To of the following: the the as shown. If using or the EMP software, the If currently of the right-click with You this Click the as shown. The as the memory If to as To to other the the section. to Presenting Without Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Preset to If the EMP software, the directly to instead of to the memory Click this
Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 to Presenting Without If to JPEG to another without first them to HTML, of the following: If the the to PC or using as If office, the to using the EMP software as If to the as HTML them using follow these of the following: If the the then If or the EMP software, the then the If the EasyMP.net screen the EasyMP.net the lower-right, then from the to the
You the to selecting each and clicking the To the as HTML the You this and, optionally, To type the of the following: USB directly connected to the as would USB or as shown the EMP software Click Presenting Without You selecting it and clicking the To to right-click and To the the numbered buttons through the
You the to office PC using the EMP software. to the the the top of the selected, then Copy to to PC. Presenting Without Once the them the clicking the the top of the While to to or to or the To the to another the follow these as and with the to which to the Click the the to selected. Then the the to which to and Copy The the with the and they created as of the To the such as Microsoft
Presenting from or VCR from to to the as this chapter. If to VCR, DVD or other as noted, the this chapter included with the instructions this chapter the following: Positioning the Connecting to (PC or Macintosh) Connecting to Presenting from or VCR
Dont or the the or there of around and the Presenting from or VCR Positioning the You the approximately to from the when with the the below as to the from that the increases with the and whether the with other positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON; the
Connecting to Follow the instructions this section to (PC or Macintosh) to the The to the To to the as below. If to the of to through slideshow to the as If to the built-in sound to as off the and they the to and the to Connecting the To from the as below. of the VGA to the (VGA) the other of the to the Tighten the screws the (VGA) VGA If Presenting from or VCR If with RCA follow the instructions to other of the
Presenting from or VCR the switch to the right, as shown. If necessary, the of or screwdriver to Connecting to If to and the properly, from or from the to the below to the R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Mouse/Com Remote VGA switch to right)
To the its cover as shown and the DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to of the Then the (with the the If its to the as shown below. Then the the Tighten the screws the Presenting from or VCR
Presenting from or VCR Connecting the If to the of follow the below. This shows the Mouse/Com the round of the to the Mouse/Com as shown. To the as wireless choose the that of the with as shown.) PS/2 PC PS/2 MOUSE USB SERIAL MOUSE MAC MOUSE
of the to the MOUSE the of the the other of the to the (or USB Tighten the screws the If necessary, to with Connecting the To the built-in the the or and the Presenting from or VCR
To or (BNC) the Presenting from or VCR Connecting to Follow the below to the to VCR, DVD player, or other that the and turned off. the yellow RCA of the RCA to the the other of the to the of To the built-in the RCA to the and right of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the the to and the to RCA RCA
and the to the (as Chapter or connected the to or other (as Chapter ready to the and the This chapter covers the following: Turning the Selecting the the and sound the Turning the and the
You the to and the Follow the below to the and connected and to Turning On the Follow these to turn the the and the off. The light the indicating that the the turned light
Press the the You the the and the turned first. A/V R/C ON OFF The light flashes as the and the about seconds. (To off the Selecting the Source The when turning the which selected when the used. If EasyMP.net selected, the EasyMP.net as shown below; or selected, with the If necessary, follow these to the If from or the (If the If connected thats and displays New that found Comp/ on/off switch A/V and the the when the This
It seconds the to selecting the of the buttons, the to appear. and the To the of the following: On the the Comp/ EasyMP.net to switch and or the to switch the or Comp/ buttons A/V On the the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr EasyMP.net or to switch If with the to the to the If to appear, RCA or or Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
the and Sound If the already to If the yourself, the following: To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If only of displayed, to the information. If using to the sound. Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the and the
and the the of You the height of the using the and the the If the and the (instead of the to the This the You to the as as that its least as high as the of the higher than the of the as shown: the to or the If the recessed, and release to then clockwise or counterclockwise to the or finished, the back higher than of than of height
the If the too it the the the foot release and the front of the This the Once the where release the to the To the height of the the attached to the If the the section. the Shape If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or of the to the of the correction, slightly and the the the this
Comp/ A/V and the the to resized to the If of displayed, with the Press the the The the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and the If connected the from the the while the or of the You the the
Turning On the Automatically You the to You the to or to or of the the displays whichever selected when used. instructions switching The to this the switches to that the Follow these instructions to the Turn the and EasyMP.net as the You this Click the as shown You this Click Reservation as shown and the
and the You this reservation You to Click of the reservation numbers, as shown Then the options the and (If to The appears the Reservation
the the off the If the connected to that to the If to the as when to off the and the cool Follow these to off the Press the the or You (If to turn off, other light Press the The light flashes about as the cools Once the finished cooling, the light and the off. This the it the If necessary, the cord. the to users the and the the input off the and This electricity, the and the of the To the or the when the light or flashing
and the
the Remote the from anywhere the to You to and the and sound, and highlight as If the as wireless to from to the This chapter covers the following information: Turning the the as wireless the and sound Highlighting the Remote
A/V on/off switch R/C ON OFF light the Turning On the Remote The on/off switch its as shown. (as the then the on/off switch to Turn off the or with the carrying this the from something of the buttons. the following when the within about of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the the light to the other the light temporarily. (This of testing the batteries.) To buttons, the cover as shown: to cover
the Remote as Wireless The as wireless to features and the instructions. You as the following when using EasyMP.net The the to through and to highlight to as the through the as shown. when from If from instead of using EasyMP.net, the built-in and highlighting features. These You the of This when and other slideshow-style to to to To the this to the and the when the and The and the On-Screen It the to features; the Turn to the using the buttons. the numbered buttons to the Remote A/V R/C ON OFF
the Remote Follow the the below to the as A/V R/C ON OFF If to the To and the and the to to the the to right-click: Press to left-click: the
the and Sound You the to the temporarily turn off the and sound, the action, the or Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the to switch the Press the to switch (RCA) and Press the Comp1 to first Press the Comp2/YCbCr to or Press Easy-MP to switch to the EasyMP.net the the appears. the If to the the sound thats through the To increase the the right of the To reduce the the of the RCA or the or Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr
You such as the whenever the A/V the instructions. action off A/V R/C ON OFF or the Remote Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to and off the sound. This to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V The To turn the back the Action You the to the when from or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the the the Press the right of the to to four its You the repeatedly to or and the to to the the to around the necessary. Press the of the to You the repeatedly, or and to the You the to to the
You and the as First connected VCR or other RCA as You to follow the instructions the to the and the option. (You cant the Press the the The the to the the to reduce or Once the located and the the the finished the the The the Remote Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Preset
EasyMP.net its highlighting features. To them, the Remote Highlighting If from or EasyMP.net), highlight the using the the You these effects to or to highlighting as shown: spotlight You the highlighting their and through the the instructions. the You choose from three of and them anywhere To the the appears the of the To Press to the third the to the wherever To the the the of the button. You then to with another around the or wherever A/V R/C ON OFF
To the the To the Highlights You boxes the to highlight of or To the the appears the of the This the the to the where to the Press the of the You the this of the the to the to where the of the to Press the of the button. You the outlined the You boxes the repeating through To the To the Spotlighting With the Spotlight highlight of the To the the appears the You to switch three spotlight the to the where To the spotlight, the Remote
the Remote and Highlights With the tool, or the to or highlight You choose from three of To the tool, the appears the If If to another the to the and the (or and right using the the where the of the to To the Clearing the highlighting This highlighting to the
as specifically this to service this yourself. his chapter with the and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
Dont the than seconds, or the the the On-Screen If or isnt the top of the or the cover the The following choices the what to the sound what to when isnt selection the information and of Follow these to Press the You the the or arrow the (or the or the to highlight of the Then the or to Press the or to the (Press to back Press the arrow the (or the the to To the the If of the to the following
What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended below. Light the connected securely. If the its cover securely. The operating normally. flashing The the to appear. The You to off or the to it flashing The cooling Dont the the light flashing. If to the back the light flashing and the off of internal the and EPSON flashing The This to the instructions. flashing The the instructions. light light light
Light flashing The too Turn off and cool the surrounding the and there of around and the You should the necessary, or as the The overheated and turned off. cool then back there of around and the If necessary, or the as the If the to overheat, the caused to the cooling or EPSON flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the cover off. The If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the Brightness the correct. the information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the
You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter You to switch Press the Comp/Easy-MP or the or the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the to the Allow seconds the to the the switch the interface to the right VGA) or to the using DVI restarting If PC the and the function that Its often with such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to On the the LCD and the or to both the or might to the the to that both the LCD and or
If From the Apple then and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. This the as as the LCD If the option isnt the Select of the (It the to
The Not Supported displayed. If connected or the BNC option the correct. the UXGA and the the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the or the the the information. If connected the BNC option the to RGB the If using to the to the DIP switches the correctly. instructions.) correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other the the following: Right-click the the and the to On the Apple choose then and Sound You to existing created them software information.
The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the the the the top. the or of the top of the the The or If connected to the the BNC option the correct. the If than the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD instructions. The There or smears the Clean the as the the using the the Sharpness the the If from to the Tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory
You or the trying the the section. If from and that of (such as the of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This or the the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually using the the (or using the as the the with containing when these and then to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background (such as Press the and Tracking to Press the and buttons to increase the sharpness of the
of the used, exactly match the or The of the right. The incorrect. If the option the to the of red, and If the and the the option the Advanced to the There sound. turning the the and the right of the or the right of the the A/V If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this right-clicking the sound The selected. Press the Comp/Easy-MP or the the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the the Allow seconds the to the
with the Remote The to commands. the turned within of the line-of-sight to the front or back and than to the or right, or or below, the The correctly or To the the light The other buttons the should light temporarily. If they to the batteries. the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant with the the securely connected to both (using the and the the The PS/2 and they the the of the A/V on/off switch R/C ON OFF
with EasyMP.net You to the the (the to turned though). It properly connected to as the the memory the PCMCIA to the the of the the Select to as exactly the as when using EasyMP.net, including sound effects. Microsoft Word and with the Chapter of the information. The highlighting when EasyMP.net. The numbered buttons the to highlight when directly from or highlighting instead;
using the EMP software, cant the the to the of the You to or the EMP You the of the necessary. using EMP cant the You to the EMP to the then each from the the
and telephone services Service Access World From the reach Technical selecting and and technical through Automated Telephone of services hours Services To these services, tone telephone and Access and Where To EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours as the following Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to representative, and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the of the DVD player, and connected of the You purchase carrying and other from EPSON please To purchase or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). To of to the of optional and included
EPSON EPSON CPD-11971 EPSON