EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and and EPSON EPSON and service of Inc. SRS and the of SRS Inc., the United States and selected countries. SRS incorporated from SRS Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. CPD-13534 Printed Information Copyright Notice
EPSON that and Projected with to ANSI or bright enough to clearly with the lights displayed of or The of inputs, with to include smooth motion to the highest and reduction to reduce and You the to four or or workstation or three such as VCR, DVD or You to three The built-in 3D sound rich, features of VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA, and UXGA what type of used, the of clarity.
You the from or with The the allow to the and off, the the sound and switch from or to another, and the built-in If the and the as wireless then as around the Supported Computers and Sources The of and workstations: IBM and Apple (including G3 and G4 computers, and and workstations such as the SPARCstation. The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. The the which or and More Information where operating the and using the You the the the or the www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free.
Download and to EPSON Envelope warranty brochure, CD-ROMs, and EPSON this the and the with the instructions to and to or CD-ROMs The CD-ROM and includes the of this to On the Software CD, the EMP and its If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the Warranty and with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. the Warranty and the International Warranty brochure included who their EPSON offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or usually overnight the You to software to the
The EMP optional; to to the To the CD-ROM that and products, and services. You through the or or the to or from If to to the from the EMP the Software CD-ROM. to the features from this with effects. If to EMP V, the Software CD CD-ROM and follow the instructions the The the EMP You this the EMP instructions using the Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product carrying the and its carrying ELPKS22 ATA ELPKS21 and ELPLP11 Short throw ELPLW01 throw ELPLL02 throw ELPLL03
Product Product throw ELPLR01 mount ELPMB31 plate ELPMBFCP mount ELPMBAST security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch IR ELPST02 Hard-wired ELPST04 ELPPAS1 Wireless microphone ELCVSII High ELPDC02 Motion ELPDC03 DVI to DVI, ELPKC20 DVI to DFP, ELPKC21 Communication and to to There to You the VGA-13W3 (ELPKC06) connecting the to high-end workstation. ELP ELPKC04 You purchase these from or EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epson.com (U.S. only). please ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Welcome
About This This to and EPSON The information to both the and the noted.) Chapter the instructions to the and to or other optional Chapter the to turn the and off, the and the the and with effects, the operating and the on-screen Chapter the to the built-in to the and sound; the or and information about the Chapter and Transporting the covers and Chapter to lights and helpful information Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical specifications the Chapter Notices, instructions, technical information about the and the FCC the of the
and Notes Please follow these as this followed to to to Notes information about Reading This The CD-ROM that includes of this You to with when the road. To the CD CD-ROM the and or the this first You to through Click the of the of the to to the topic of the arrow the or the the right of the to through (The to the of the displays the If text and the hand to to to related topic. information, previous If from the CD-ROM.
Welcome
the his chapter to and The connected to or such as VCR, DVD or You to the or of the following: the as wireless This around the and interact with without worrying about where or of The the or another such as the the shown the (You these which to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying from EPSON or something such as instructions. the
RCA RCA PS/2 PC (yellow) (red/white) PC USB to BNC the A/V R/C ON OFF software CD-ROM
Additional to the To (One usually with To from VCR or other BNC with the To of the Interface (DVI), DVI and of DVI You purchase this from EPSON, as To the to If and the
batteries, the following Dont and as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the of the the The operates the and its Effects features. You with the and as wireless Follow these to the batteries: Press the to release the cover. the cover and the AA included with the as shown. the cover.
Positioning the connecting the to where to The location choose the of the (and and the and from the there of around and the the within of grounded outlet or cord, and within of and/or the the distorted. to the the front of the as as the and the Then front of the and to the the below as to from the to the The based the exactly match the shown; its the and whether the with other (such as the correction or from the Dont or the the or Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the the and
positioning the to security to the the This purchased from or or from EPSON. the from the to the its This the (instead of the to the This the You to the as as that its least as high as the of the higher than the of the as shown: (If to the front of the the correction to caused the the the without its If from overhead, the mounting the to the with its least as high as the of the higher than the top of the Then the height to the to the Advanced higher than of than of
Choosing The to the whether includes sound, and whether to the to Connecting to the only and the Connecting to Computer Connecting to other You VCR, DVD HDTV, or other to You the and the and easily switch Connecting to Other Sources the To the as wireless to the the the (and enough from the to without worrying about where This around the and interact with while Including sound If includes sound, to the built-in This when the of the
the Connecting to Follow the instructions below the type of to PC PC The instructions these sections to to the the If to the BNC or to high-end workstation or that Interface (DVI) Other follow the instructions Chapter to the and other
Connecting to PC To the to PC to: the and the and/or to the as or the EMP software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they Connecting the and This shows the follow the below. (VGA) Disconnect the from the the back of If the as as the the to the as shown. (This useful when to the the the the location of the to
the of the to the (VGA) the DVI/VGA switch the back to the right, as shown. If necessary, the of to the other of the to the Tighten the screws the Connecting the and To the as or the EMP software, follow the below. This shows the the round of the to the Mouse/Com as shown. DVI/VGA switch to right) R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y PS/2 or USB
To the as wireless the PS/2 or USB included with the to the MOUSE the of the Disconnect from the the back of and with the other of the PS/2 or USB while the as To the EMP software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the SERIAL the the other of the to the the back of Tighten the screws the the If and the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB You to EMP that to
the location of the to the Connecting the If using of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound Connecting to PC To the to PC to: the the and/or to the as or the EMP software) the includes sound) Follow the each section the to off the and they
Connecting the of the to the (VGA) Computer (VGA) the DVI/VGA switch the back to the right, as shown. If necessary, the of to the other of the to the the screws the If to other and instructions. DVI/VGA switch to right) R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y the
If and the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB the Connecting the and To the as or the EMP software, follow the below. This shows the the round of the to the Mouse/Com as shown. To the as wireless the PS/2 or USB included with the to the MOUSE the of the the of the PS/2 to the or the USB to the USB PS/2 or USB
To the EMP software, or to the Effects buttons the of the PC to the SERIAL the the other of the to the the back of Tighten the screws the Connecting the If of the to the the the other of the to headphone locations of which to the You to EMP thats to
the location of the to You currently the EMP software with G3, G4, or with the Connecting to To the to Macintosh, to: the and the and/or to the as or the EMP software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they Connecting the and This shows the (You to the as shown.) follow the below. (VGA) Disconnect the from the the back of the of the to the (VGA) as shown.
the DVI/VGA switch the back to the right, as shown. If necessary, the of to the other of the to the the If to the included with To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the free of the Then the (with the the Macintosh. DVI/VGA switch to right) R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y the
the If to the the to the (If necessary, the to the as shown below, and then the to the Tighten the screws the
Connecting the and To the as or the EMP software, follow the below. This shows the Mouse/Com the of the to the Mouse/Com To the as wireless of the or USB to the MOUSE the of the the other of the or USB to the or USB Macintosh. or USB the
the To the EMP software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the MAC SERIAL the the other of the to the or the back of Macintosh. Connecting the If of the to the the the other of the to the
Connecting to to to the To the to the the and/or to the as or the EMP software) the with Follow the each section the to turn off the and they Connecting the This shows the follow the below. of the to the (VGA) as shown. the DVI/VGA switch the back to the right, as shown. If necessary, the of to DVI/VGA switch to right) R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y the the location of match the the locations necessary. (included with and from to the type of
turning the and to choose Mirroring or the the (as as the to instructions. the the other of the to the or Macintosh. If cant the to to the that with If its to the as shown below. Then the the the screws the If to other and instructions. To the its as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the of the Then the (with the the
Connecting the and To the as or the EMP software, follow the below. This shows the Mouse/Com the round of the to the Mouse/Com as shown. To the as wireless of the or USB to the MOUSE the of the the other of the or USB to the or USB the back of the Macintosh. or USB the
the To the EMP software or the Effects buttons the of the to the MAC SERIAL the the other of the to the the back of Macintosh. Connecting the If of the to the the the other of the to the Macintosh.
Other If to the BNC or high-end workstation or Interface (DVI) follow the instructions below. Connecting the BNC Follow these to to the interface the BNC the VGA of the to the the other of the to the R/Cr/Pr (red), G/Y B/Cb/Pb H/C and shown below. R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Remote To properly, the BNC the to RGB If to hear through the RCA-to-3.5 purchase from or the Then the RCA the other of the to the S-Audio and of the BNC the
You to when the DVI the Connecting to High-End Workstation of input to Since the leading workstations, workstation There workstation Workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 VGA) or connecting workstation. Connecting to DVI Source The Interface (DVI) directly from This the of greater clarity than achieved VGA To follow these the DVI to the DVI DVI the of or screwdriver, the DVI/VGA interface switch to the (If to the VGA to the switch back to the right.) If to this the the back of the switch to R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Mouse/Com Remote
Connecting to Other Sources You VCR, DVD or other to The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the specify that detected. that the then to type of The or You the to or of these the If three connected, the selects as the The type of whether or the RCA with the the with or from or the that with the following of which type of RCA BNC Follow the instructions below type of The Computer2/Component and the the input. connected to both interfaces, that from of them. the The with
the Connecting RCA the and VCR or other turned off. the RCA of the RCA to the the other of the to the of If the RCA to the and right of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the RCA RCA
Connecting or the and VCR or other turned off. of the the other the of the three of BNC the and (Dont the to the H/C or the of the the of If the properly, to the BNC the If the RCA to the S-Audio and of the the the other of the to the of the the or other or to
the
the connected to other (as Chapter ready to the and This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the with the the the What to when the lights the on-screen the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter Then as below, connected to You and than or connected, to switch to the as the
the when the This and the Turning On the Follow these to the of the to the the other to grounded The light the flashing and then indicating that the turned the Press the top of the (or the to the (If the turned information.) light The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light and with the displayed. This of the following: Turn or should projected. only: If New that found If and the
If connected than and/or to the or top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the These buttons switch the the and the If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and to the from overheating. What To If You Screen If or with the or of the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the off. If connected than and/or to the or top of the to the (Allow seconds the to the restarting A/V the
If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) the If using with OS or You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then and Sound. Click the and then top of the other. Click top of the other If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these Select Preferences from the Apple and Click Click
To the both and LCD the (If this another Click the of the One of the top of the other. Click If using PC Press the function that Its often with such as or CRT/LCD You to the while or or CRT/LCD On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or the
the the light If necessary, the the the received input off the and only amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the ready to the If using the the cord. the Once to To or below. If of displayed, to the information. If the too high or too If the isnt If the or Focusing and the to the
the to or reduce the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions. the If only of displayed, higher than the or You the to the of Press the the or the The pressing the to around the the If from the switches the aspect ratio and If the to switch back to the You with the when from VCR or other the
the the this the the of the You the height of the the the of the and the the the the of the to or the Press the to then turn clockwise or counterclockwise to the or finished, the back the If the too the to the Follow these the and the front while the foot release the This the
or the the where Release the to the the and the gently. To the height of the the Turn them clockwise to the and counterclockwise to If the becomes the height, the following section. the Shape If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or of If or the to the of the correction, slightly You correction using the the Tracking and Synchronization If from and or the or increase the clarity the or the the the This the and If necessary, the manually the Tracking and buttons the the
the Tracking the You within and from the front or A/V ON/OFF switch R/C ON OFF light cover the Press the Tracking and Tracking to the Press the and buttons to flashing, or the the Remote The features from anywhere the to You to the and off, the and the If connected the (as the as wireless to the to the batteries, as Then follow these the R/C switch the of the to Press the round light The other buttons the light temporarily. If they light to the batteries. instructions. the the or the
Press the the function to to information. to the to the Press the of the with thumb. and and the to To buttons, the below the to instructions these buttons to the The to commands these You too or within to the or right of and or below the front or The R/C switch the OFF light too bright light the light (such as sunlight) the Other (such as heater) the as Wireless the as wireless to or the First connected the the and with the as Chapter that when the If however, to the built-in Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Preset the
A/V R/C ON OFF Press to the Press to right- or the To the the the the and the of the with thumb. and This the To click, the of the This the of click. To right-click, the To the To and the and then the to To the with the You of the using the the Press the right of the to Press the repeatedly to to four Press and the to to the the to around the necessary. Press the of the to You the repeatedly, or and to the You the to to the
the While to switch the the action or sound, or within and connected or as Chapter Selecting Source If the connected to than and/or the buttons the or the to switch the On the the to switch the and the to switch and (BNC). On the Press the Comp1 to the Press the to switch and Press the Comp2/YCbCr to the or the the appears. Sound the or the the of or sounds. To increase the the right of the To reduce the the of the Select Select Select or the
Stop action Turn off and sound You the through the the Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to Turning the and Sound You the A/V the or to off the (and sound) and This to temporarily without the of bright To turn off the the A/V The To the back the You assign or to the A/V displays the whenever the A/V Creating or You and the as connected VCR or other as Press the the The and then appears the appears the of the Press the of the (or and to the the You the to or reduce the
the located and the the button. The and the finished the the The the Screen The or effects highlight the the the You these to or to of (and function) Arrow or Spotlight You effects through the instructions. spotlight arrow A/V R/C ON OFF the
You the Effect to You the Effect to the and of the the the Cursor/Stamp You the as and anywhere You choose from three of To the the appears the of the To Press to the third Press the of the to the wherever To the the the of the You then to with another around the or wherever To the the To the You boxes the to outline of or To the the appears the of the This the Press the of the to the where to the Press the of the You the this of the Press the of the to the to where the of the to Press the of the You the outlined the You boxes the repeating through
To the To the Spotlighting With the Spotlight spotlight of the To the spotlight the of light appears of the Press the of the to the spotlight where to To the spotlight, You the of the Spotlight the and With the or the to or highlight You choose from three of To the the appears the If If to another the to the and the (or and right the To the You the and of the the Effect the
Light and action The You to off, or the to it flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant turn the or when the light flashing. off of internal EPSON flashing The This to Chapter instructions. flashing The or there with the the following the instructions Chapter (If the the EPSON.) flashing The too Turn off and cool using The off overheated. cool then back there of around and the If to overheat, to the Chapter instructions. flashing There with the cooling or Turn off the and EPSON the What To the Lights The lights top of the the and when light light light
the On-Screen If while or the top of the or the The following choices the to with brightness, and the sound selection choose to the information and of Follow these to Press the button. You the Press the or the or or the to the You options that the or the or or the to highlight the to Then the to the choice, another or of To the the top of the If of the choices Chapter the
the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the To the or the when the light or flashing the the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If connected or and through the (the computers or turned off), the first; otherwise to try turning off the To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about as the the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the the and the cord. If VCR or other turn off off the and the protective
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. You own the and information about the and This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound the Creating or information Restoring the the The and the from the or The the and of the projected It the and such as Brightness, Sharpness, and Contrast. The features, such as the and 3D sound. The the and the assigned to the Effects buttons the the
A/V the The allows to or such options as the function, (P P) A/V option, BNC input and The and or which then as or with the A/V option. The Advanced allows to including Comp2 termination, and rear or The About information about H/V hours, and or selection. The the factory the You the buttons the or to the and Follow these To the the the or the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
You the The the and the options the (highlighted) shown the right. Press the or or or the to through the choices. A/V highlight its options shown the right. Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal :Select options Select Select A/V R/C ON OFF the
options to (turned or (turned off). options indicated light. options the the highlighted, the to The highlight to the first option that Press the or arrows or or the to through the Press the or right arrow buttons or right or the to of the If to back to the and then Press the to back to the automatically. Press the to the The options each of the below.
the The to the The options the which connected to the (RCA) or BNC Tracking Brightness Sharpness Advanced About Normal Preset :Select (DVI) 15/BNC) and Brightness Sharpness Advanced About Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion :Select BNC or The following the options the Select Select Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal :Select Brightness Sharpness Advanced About Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion :Select the Select
the item the displayed or right. Select this item and then right the or the right arrow to the Then the or and right to the the the to to the Tracking from the matching the internal clock to graphic Corrects or the with the tracking from the Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. the of the Increase the the or the the of the Sharpness the sharpness of the the of the Choose with such as charts. Choose Normal to tints uncorrected. Choose to with tint, such as the input this should the to allow the to the If to however, the option and then choose from
item Preset Allows to and to including the brightness, sharpness, and and Recalling below.) Smooth turned ON motion smoother Motion from the Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the from the If the selected automatically. however, using PAL items to their Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the Select and then to the If and then to clear the without the
If to overwrite existing to the and the appears, choose and the and Recalling from and and to This than with the the each and them when necessary. Follow these to the Press the the or to the Press to the the arrow or to to the Preset option and You the Preset Selection with the displayed. Press to to the Press the or and Press to to the to the Preset the You the displayed the top right of the To another the the displayed. The to the selected
the Sound the to the sound and of Advanced About :Select item the the Press the right arrow or right the to increase the the arrow or the to the the (high) tone of the the bass tone of the SRS the of the sound. SPACE SRS the of the sound. CENTER items to their factory Select this item and then to the Next, and to the If and to clear the without SRS SPACE SRS CENTER the
the the The highlight with boxes, and spotlights, as You the Effect to these and the The option the to their Advanced About :Select item Cursor/ the and of the assigned to You three and then the when Effect the displayed. To the from the and then choose the each of the three the characteristic and of the assigned to Effect Select this option from the Effect and chose the attributes. Spotlight the of the spotlight assigned to You choose or the and of the assigned to You three and then the when the displayed. To the from the Effect and then choose the each of the three Cursor/Stamp Spotlight
item Cursor the to or high. Effect items to their factory this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without The and the Advanced or Advanced About :Select Prompt A/V BNC DPMS OFF Black ON OFF Black RGB ON OFF the The instead of the DPMS option.
the item to correcting to Selects the the information. whether or user displayed when received. Prompt temporary or the when to ON A/V or when the turned off. Creating or information.) BNC the BNC input. If the RGB If the or the the off the from the input Press the to projecting. items to their Select this item and then the to the Next, and to the If and to clear the without
Advanced Effect Advanced About item Selects the to the English, Spanish, Chinese, or Korean. or off the of the The first and assigned, as the of the Select to the the Select to the yourself, then You the Select or RGB and Then the screen white; warmer white. Black White Press the right or arrow or the to increase or the white or the Comp2 Termination Rear Mirrors the its (left-right). Projection Selecting ON while OFF it off Turn this option when from Comp2Sync Termination Rear Select [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Normally to On the to Can to to Select ON OFF the
the item Mirrors the its (top-bottom). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when the mounted from the Advanced items to their this item and then to the Next, and to the the Advanced If and to clear the without Creating or You to the and then it as the displayed when the You to displayed when the A/V the or as The photograph, or other to Effect Advanced About :Select
and the Follow these to and or the (with the Press the the or to the Press the arrow or the to to the Press or to highlight the option and to You the the as Select and selection appears the the arrow buttons the or the the to the of the to as the Once selected the the this appears the and If to the selected, and through the arrow the or the the to and then the the appears, and If to the the the completed, the or to to the Press or to to the the the the or other while the
the the to the and/or A/V as the and/or the thats displayed when the A/V Press the the or to the already displayed). Select the and then the the or Press the arrow or the to highlight Press the right arrow or the to This as the when the If to as the A/V the arrow or to to the A/V option and Press or the the A/V the or the to the or Press to off the
Information The About information about the of and the of hours the used. the the About displays the information below. Advanced About :Select item ON the of hours the used. the input Source the and the and polarity of the Polarity the of the the of the Refresh Displays the refresh of the Rate ON Source Negative On Polarity Refresh Rate the If the About when the the and the
the Restoring the The the to their Advanced About :Select and the the or to the Select to the or to
of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the and from overheating. The only should the and If other replacing, or service This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with alcohol-based and the touching of the with cleaner. and Transporting the
the with the the top from the housing. and Transporting the Cleaning the clean the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the to Cleaning and the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To or the follow these Turn off the and the Turn the its that the top and the easily. To the EPSON recommends using and other office If the (such as
If the to or the torn, information If to the the to release the and the as shown. and Transporting the included. You should the when the
You to hours the used. warning the cool Also, the of the assembly. Touching the and Transporting the the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The light flashing or The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and quality, the as as or EPSON information ELPLP11 Turn off the and the Allow the to least hour screwdriver to the screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws from the cover.
screwdriver to the three screws holding the (You these screws.) the and the Gently the as shown below. securely. the screws the the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The the cover the as the following section. and Transporting the the of the assembly. Touching the
EPSON incurred and Transporting the the to the the of hours used. Follow these Press the and least seconds. The displayed and then to the ON the arrow or the to Press to the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first hard-shell carrying (such as optional EPSON accessory then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to carrying (such as the optional offered EPSON).
his chapter and with and technical information cant yourself. You the on-screen the the or instructions the This chapter the following: with the this section the and to what the warning lights with the this section the to commands. with the or sound. this section or the If of the the Where To
and lights Light and action The You to off or the to flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The off and the cooling You cant the or when the light flashing. off because of internal the and EPSON. flashing The This to Chapter instructions. flashing The or there with the as Chapter If the the EPSON. flashing The too Turn off and cool The overheated. the and cool Then and back flashing There with the cooling or EPSON with the If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the warning lights top of the These lights to with operation light light light light
the information below what to when these warning lights or other with the The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the The light Press the to off the the connected securely to the outlet and the and the and reseating the The light and the turned off. to the off of internal the and EPSON. or to or the warning light flashing or The or nearing the of its and to replaced. Chapter instructions. The light red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back there of around and the If to overheat, to the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool awhile. If this to the Chapter If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or EPSON as specifically this to service this yourself.
A/V ON/OFF switch R/C ON OFF The light flashing The too Press the to off and cool The light flashing red. The cooling or correctly and the too Turn off, and EPSON. with the Remote The to commands. the turned within of the and within of the receivers (approximately to the or right and or below). The correctly or the or them as the lights and off the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. You cant the with the the securely connected to both the and the Chapter the The PS/2 and the they the the of the
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the cover off. The If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the Brightness the correct. information. selecting the to to their Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter restarting If connected than and/or to the or the or the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the to the Allow seconds the to the If connected or using the BNC option the correct. information. the 1/DVI switch the interface correctly. Chapter
If PC Press the function that Its often with such as or CRT/LCD You to the while or or CRT/LCD On the the LCD and the or to both the Allow seconds the to computers might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS or From the Apple then and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the and then of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple Click Click to of the To the both and LCD the Click the of the One of the top of the other.
The displayed. UXGA the or SXGA the the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the or the the information. If the right or of the off, to the tracking the the the or Tracking the correct. correct. Ideally, should or to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and the to OS or choose the Apple and choose or and Sound Then choose and or another the or the OS X, Preferences from the Apple and the VGA choose the or the You to existing created them software information.
If the to to the factory the Tracking the The distorted, crooked, or This caused the and the to the Press the right or of the the the the squarely. If the pointed straight the distorted. The or of the or the using the the Brightness, Contrast, Sharpness, and the If the Tracking and the should to the the immediately. the or the the to the There or smears the Clean the as The or If from the or the This the automatically. If that the Tracking and the buttons the the correct. It to (or the when these You the Tracking and through the The The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD
The of the right or the the and the The incorrect. If the option the to the of red, and If the Color, Tint, and try the option the Advanced the RGB connected correctly. the Brightness and the to the It to the the nearing the of its life, the appear and to There sound. First that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the the A/V If VCR or other the turned the Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter If includes the turned the or to the securely to the and headphone or The selected. Press the or the the Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr or the the
You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please To of to Where To EPSON technical through services, as the following Service Access World From the reach Technical selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the to to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You to of these or charges apply): U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or Product (located the of the DVD and connected of the
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches F=1.72.3, F=1.82.4, Brightness (ANSI) (ANSI) ratio to inches to to inches to Projection to to to to Projection rear, mount) to inches to to inches to Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications aspect ratio ratio to correction to Projection UHE High Efficiency) About hours ELPLP11 Remote AA Supports PS/2, USB, ADB Remote IR Supports EPSON Remote IR 10-foot (typical inches inches inches
Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, to to C), to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 DOC SOR/88-475 CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN Compatible The the following international NTSC, NTSC PAL, PAL PAL-M, PAL-N, and SECAM. the the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following to to C), to RH, Directive 73/23/EEC EN Technical Specifications The of allow to correctly;
PC (RGB) VGACGA VGAEGA NEC400 VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 VGA100 VGA120 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA100 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA100 XGA120 SXGA1-70 SXGA1-75 SXGA1-85 SXGA1-100 SXGA2-60 SXGA2-75 SXGA2-85 SXGA3-60 SXGA3-75 SXGA3-85 Technical Specifications
UXGA48i UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85 MACLC MAC II VGA SVGA MAC16 MAC19-60 MAC19-75 XGA MAC21 PC (YUV) HDTV480P HDTV720P*** HDTV1080P NTSC (SXGA) NTSC (XGA) PAL (SXGA) PAL (XGA) SECAM (SXGA) SECAM (XGA) (those without Although shown, or as the Aspect Ratio the instructions. Technical Specifications
IR Mouse/Com Technical Specifications Interface Connectors DVI VGA switch VGA DVI R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Mouse/Com Remote and BNC BNC or
Assignments The (the VGA the right of the and the RGB, their assignments: (ID GND GND GND GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND (ID SDA Technical Specifications
The when the without the If the or correction, Specifications and Projection the below to when know the from the to the or to from the to the of Since the of the rotating the both the and To the of when know the To the when the of the Inches: Throw (ELPLL02) To the of when know the
To the when the of the Throw (ELPLL03) To the of when know the To the when know the of the Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Short Throw (ELPLW01) To the of when know the To the when the of the Short Throw (ELPLR01) To the of when know the To the when know the of the Projection
Notices his chapter includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If two-prong to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Notices
Notices the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or exposed to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country.
Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based directly from the containing of the Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: LCD EMP-8200/ELP-8200 EMP-9100/ELP-9100
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Notices
Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers only the United States and and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices