Foot release foot Computer1/Component Computer2/Component Rear foot Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active F=1.75 to length=24 to reproduction Brightness (High brightness (ANSI) cover I/R USB I/R RS-232 and related and related ratio to inches to to to rear, sound aspect ratio ratio (High brightness correction Security Projection UHE High brightness: about hours brightness: about hours V13H010L30 Remote AAA Rear foot About About vertically Height to inches foot to inches inches Supports USB B)
Rated to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) to RH, (non-condensing) to RH and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC60950 Third Edition EN EN Compatible The NTSC and PAL international as as SDTV and HDTV Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL MPAL NPAL PAL60 HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Compatible To from the refresh with the the following the to the If this isnt of the other Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21
Positioning the the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the least inches the and the within of outlet or and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to To the following formulas: To the when know the (inches) [inches] (inches) [inches] To when know the (inches) [inches] (inches) (Projection [inches] If the below the of the to the front foot, as shown. the the to its the corrects the automatically. If the its the To If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the Starting the and other connected correctly. Then as below. If or the the and displays the If the first or of connected, to the manually. the the with the The heat the the of the to the Then the other to
The light top of the indicating that the the light flashing, Press the top of the or the Remote The and the light flashes as the the light ready to Warning: the when the This and If already should projected. If connected the the or the to the connected to the or the connected to the only: If that found If already If the Source Search the or repeatedly Then the DVD or other If prompted to the with If to appear, What To If You the with the as the correctly and from overheating. What To If You If or the turning or the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the cover off. Press the Source Search the or repeatedly the to information about selecting the the to the input selected. If the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or and If with OS or You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound Click the top of the other. If the option isnt selecting of the Click the necessary, and then (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
Selecting the Source If connected to the the to the to the Source Search the or the projected. You of the following buttons the to the connected to the to the connected to the to the connected to the to the connected to the the the appears. The of the selected (such as Computer1 or appears the the Once to as this section. Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the the to of the instructions. the of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Once the where release the to the foot To the height of the the the back of the If the the section.
the The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or to manually the correction when or Follow the instructions below: To the the or Select the then If OFF highlight this option and Select ON the that appears and to the the To manually the correction the or the to the of the correction, slightly You the the Brightness The brightness of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, of the following: the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the brightness the of the and the the You to the to that the projecting and the which If or RGB the which bright other the which The following the the of displays. increased brightness bright (the (the when from with with increased Theater increased when or TV bright Blackboard chalkboard the white To the the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the Correcting If and the right, or properly the the the or the the This the and (You this to The seconds, and then the appears the reappears, about three seconds the correction to Dont other buttons while this If the option the to OFF the function
the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You or off the the finished the follow the recommended to This the and protects the from overheating. If using first. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about seconds as the cools the to To turn the the light flashing. Then the Press the foot release and the to the front foot, as shown. the and the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing Turn off and connected to the the Remote using the the AAA batteries, as the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This useful to temporarily redirect without the of bright To turn off the and sound, the A/V The To the and sound back the A/V You such as or to the whenever the A/V the information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however; and connected the action the though the To the action, the or Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair the of the to the crosshair the the to the to the selected to While the to the the Press the to the to the to its
the Aspect Ratio If the the to the aspect Follow these Press the once to the aspect ratio to Press to to aspect You or to the aspect the as Wireless the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to To with the connected the USB the and or Left-click or Right-click To the the To the the the the and the To (or left-click), the To right-click, the To the To and and the and the to the then release the To or the Press or to back the the the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the the Follow these to the AAA Press the to the cover. the then the as shown. the cover. (It should
Protection If assign the appears the whenever the If the incorrectly three the locked. the and If the incorrect the locked and locked authorized servicer You the to as the and/or Unauthorized users turn off or This theft and to the should Additionally, to borrowed temporarily the of that the function reactivated and the the Follow the instructions below to first the and then the and/or protection. If should to the and the to the the to proceed. Press the the about seconds, the Protect If already the Protect Release Starting the with Select and You the the Select and the the and the to The displayed as the appears. the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and To the and follow these Press the the about seconds the Protect Select ON Protect and Select ON and Then If to the temporarily the without the and Then the while the to the of hours (from to the If the to the turned the to 0H The counting as as the Protect (You the this to the the passed, and the correctly, the to 0H and the to or this when finished To Protect and Then ON and this the appears whenever the turned the Screen the and as the A/V selected as the Background the of the when the Protect function Press to the Protect
Starting the with If the to the the the function this when the the the as the buttons to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release the If the and them the that appears the Protect Release If incorrect the and authorized servicer to the the function, the buttons the Follow these to the buttons: Press the button. Select the and Select and the Select ON and Then and to the Press the to the You the seconds. Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended the following light light light Flashing The The operating normally. Flashing The cooling the light to flashing The or the to The overheated and turned off. then back there around and the Also, clean the and If it overheats, the Flashing Flashing The too Clean the and and there of should F. Flashing There with the or the and
light light Flashing The or correctly, or the cover the cover or or reseat the Flashing the with as as If to the there might Flashing Flashing There internal the and Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the to the Cleaning the clean the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or the with cloth with thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the and and the and of the every hours of If cleaned they become with This overheating and the the clogged, the the The overheated To the and follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. Clean the the back of the and other office If (such as Turn the and the and the of the If to or the torn, The V13H134A06) or to please to included. the when the
If to the off as shown. the as clicks the The typically about hours of high brightness or hours brightness It to the when: The or to The light flashing The the appears the when the To brightness and the as as You hours the the Info Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the or the United States V13H010L30 please to Follow these to the Press the to off the hear the the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the Warning: the cool If the the to injury. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover (located top of the the cover then off. the screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant the screws.) the as shown and straight these screws
Warning: This includes that mercury Please and or recycling. the Gently the If easily, facing the the of the assembly. Touching the Once the its screws. the (The should covered, and the top of the cover should with the of the Then the cover closed and the screw. the as the section. the You the the to clear the the the the If the the of hours that the used. the and turn the Press the the and the Then You the following: Select and You the following: Select and Press to to the or the to the
Optional Accessories the following optional the Product V13H010L30 (includes V13H134A06 Samsonite wheeled ELPKS35 ATA hard-shell carrying ELPKS51 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPAP01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch V12H162020 High V12H064020 security ELPSL01 mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMB36 ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC Related CPD-18615 CPD-18614