Choose location Unpack the You should the following items: Remote and Protected CD-ROM the to or of the shown below. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest and included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. (optional) You to the while the (when the connected to the Computer1 To the sound the CD-ROM instructions. the the cover. the the cover. The ready RCA to VGA (optional) (optional) and The Choose the If the rear or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. temporary front Choose from the (included) Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose Rear from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below shows based where the the of the the Turn
Choose location Unpack the You should the following items: and CD-ROM the to or of the shown below. the If than choose the that the quality. The from highest to lowest and included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. RCA (optional) (optional) and You to the while the (when the connected to the Computer1 To the sound the CD-ROM instructions. the the cover. the the cover. Protected The ready The Choose the If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. Table temporary front Choose from the to VGA (optional) (included) Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose Rear from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below shows based where the the of the the Turn
the to or using of the shown below. Check the If than choose the that the quality. The from highest to lowest and included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. RCA (optional) (optional) You to the while the (when the connected to the Computer1 To the sound CD-ROM instructions. the the the cover. the the cover. The ready Remote and Protected CD-ROM Choose location Unpack the You should the following items: The Choose the If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. temporary front Choose from the to VGA (optional) (included) Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose Rear from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below based where the the of try the the and Turn
and the A/V cover). the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. The light or If connected than the Source Search the or to the to watch. If appear the the Troubleshooting section Turning off the If first, while the Press the the or the the The and the light With theres cool-down the and ready to the To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the and the to or reduce If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the or buttons the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the options. the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Choose then follow the instructions the to You www.epson.com/webreg. the to (If already and follow the instructions to To the PL Where to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. and hours of to without or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM Purchase and You purchase carrying and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the A/V cover) the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to watch. (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If using the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and checked. and and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-25115
and A/V the cover). the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. The light or If connected the Source Search than the or to the to If appear the the section Troubleshooting Turning off the If first, while the Press the the or the the and the The light theres cool-down With the and ready to the To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the and the to or reduce If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the or buttons the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the options. the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Choose then follow the instructions the to You www.epson.com/webreg. the to (If already and follow the on-screen instructions to To the PL Where to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. and hours of to without or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM Purchase and You purchase carrying and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the A/V cover) the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If using the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and checked. and and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-25115
the To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the and the to or reduce If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the or buttons the the corrected. the To the the repeatedly to through the options. the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the CD-ROM automatically, the then the Choose then follow the instructions the to You www.epson.com/webreg. to the (If already and follow the on-screen instructions to PL the To and A/V the cover). the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. The light or If connected the Source Search than the or to the to watch. If appear the the section Troubleshooting Turning off the If using it first, while the Press the the or the the and the The light theres cool-down With the and ready to Where to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. and hours of to without or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM Purchase and You purchase carrying and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the A/V cover) the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If using the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and and and of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-25115