WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those The of this to without Inc. Information Copyright Notice
that than pounds. The offers ANSI or ANSI of brightness. From classrooms to and bright and ordinary displayed of 3LCD and You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple and Core computers, computers, and and With the displays from VGA through UXGA. You of the following HDTV, VCR, DVD (such as Microsoft PlayStation and or The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM You the to LAN the from the included EMP software. You to four to the the With the Source Search to input the the the
To unauthorized of the assign which displayed to the and the buttons through or information about security features, the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to the to or to the Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, and other to instructions. the The switch from to of or the and other features. sound connecting to the of
to this includes warranty brochures, and The instructions to and to or This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about More Information about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and The templates, art, and sound as as Services to the and services to the Cluband free. Press the the or to Download and to the or If checking this and the the service to fast. and the PIN information. The instructions apply to the and and cover both noted.
and Warranty with carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the the warranty brochures that with offers SM Service charge. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually within business the Service To the that with and to using CD, or products, and services. the the these items: Remote and VGA to the the (or when the to another location. instructions. Protected
cover and LAN Remote mount Security foot Foot release L-R input Computer1 only) Rear foot Security A/V Remote A/V and input RS-232C mount Welcome
and off Searches Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other which from and to VGA To or and correction Left/right and Automatically
Optional To of the the following optional Product Product VI3H010L42 (includes V13H134A13 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch aspect 60-inch aspect 80-inch aspect 83.6-inch pull-down aspect and aspect ELPDC05 high V12H162020 security ELPSL01 mount with Security bracket/cabling mounts You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPSC80 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC To purchase (U.S.) or
the his chapter to the and to or You to four four or and instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to
You the Projection from the and Downloads section of www.epson.com/support to to to only) to to the Positioning the the to where to If the and isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the somewhere and from the the below to exactly increases with the and other these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord.
to the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the isnt this the shaped, instead of or If the below the of the to the front foot, as This the to its You the using the the or using the The corrects the automatically. information about correction. If necessary, the manually as Other Installations You from the or from the with the mounted Rear To from overhead, the optional mount information.) to or Rear/Ceiling the option the To from the rear, Rear information. the
If with RCA follow the instructions to the Connecting to You the to that VGA or BNC including PC and computers, and and Follow the instructions this section the to with the VGA included with the the to with VGA5BNC the to to: to the as as on-screen the to with to Connecting with the VGA Follow these instructions to to with the VGA that with and the turned off. If the to the from the VGA that with the VGA
of the to the Computer1 or Computer2 the other of the to or If or and cant the to optional If connected the to the Computer1 and to the and the Connecting To from through the Sound Through the the screws the If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or Computer1 and Computer2 the
VGA-5BNC the Connecting with VGA-5BNC If through BNC follow these instructions to the to with optional VGA-5BNC and the turned off. the from the VGA to the Computer1 or Computer2 the BNC to BNC If to the and the Connecting To from through the Sound Through the the screws the VGA If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or Computer1 and Computer2
Connecting If to as as the to the This while the turned and or switch the A/V the to off the when the connected to the Computer1 the and off. Then the to the as shown: If to other and turn instructions. the LCD to the correctly. If the If the computers refresh to or
the Sound Through the You to of the built-in You the from or of the to the or the the other of the to headphone or or or If to other and instructions. and
Connecting You sound to with built-in amplifiers. sound through the built-in the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to and cant the or to the the
The TV the Connecting to Sources You DVD VCR, or other to You to four The HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the It RGB and The type of the RCA A/V the with or from RGB the VGA included with the the optional to the to to sound from through the built-in or instructions.
Connecting Source If RCA A/V the and DVD or other turned off. the RCA of the to the yellow the yellow the other of the to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or the
the Connecting Source If to higher which usually with or purchase from ELPSV01). information. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the and the other the of To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or
Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to or that RGB using the VGA that with the the and DVD or other turned off. of the VGA to the Computer1 or Computer2 the the other to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than to the or as the the Source Search the or Computer1 and Computer2 the
the Connecting Source If them to higher which purchased from ELPKC19). information. the and DVD player or other turned off. the VGA of the to the Computer1 or Computer2 the three of the the or To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than to Computer1 or Computer2 as the the Source Search the or the Computer1 and Computer2
Sound Through the The built-in with of W. You sound from through the RCA-type this RCA-type to the to of the RCA to the the the and white the other of the RCA to the output If to other and instructions. the
the To to the input when the or to RCA to to the of the to the the the other of the to If to other and instructions.
Connecting You sound to with built-in amplifiers. sound through the built-in the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The while sound to and cant the or to the the
the
the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Then as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of connected to the manually. Turning On the Follow these to and the the A/V cover). of the to the
the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned Turn or already. Press the the or the to turn it The and the light flashes as the The about seconds and the light If should or If to the (With that found plug-and-play If to the Source Search the or to switch to Then the DVD or other If prompted to To and the If to appear, What To If You the as If the the first to the as the the when the This and
The of the selected appears the right of the Projecting Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as and DVD player). If the the Source Search the or the projected. If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other What To If You If or with the turning or try the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the A/V selected the the section. Allow seconds the to the the to the input selected. If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to pressing Check or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the
If from and the the and to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then or Displays. Select VGA or LCD or and Click Select
Projecting the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt To If displays incorrectly, You other to the as the brightness, and aspect the Chapter information. Focusing and the to the and the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the the to of the instructions.
the Height of If the too high or the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Once the where release the to the foot The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt follow the instructions the section. Projecting
the If the or the that displayed distorted. To the or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or to the correction Press the or buttons the to the of the correction, slightly You to instructions. You the the Brightness The brightness of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the the of the and the
Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the or the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to the function the You the and the to increase or the the built-in You the buttons the to the Press the to increase the or the to appears the while the buttons You the the You the each input
the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You turn or off through the Turn off this when to the of the To the or the when the light or flashing the finished using the follow the recommended to If using first; otherwise to to properly. To off the the the or You this (If to off, other or seconds Press the The the turned off, and the light (To turn the the button.) With theres cool-down and immediately turning off the Press the foot release and the to the front foot. the A/V the cord. Turn off and the If the awhile, protective
the Remote from anywhere the to the and off, the of and the (The Chapter using the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to This chapter covers the following information: the and sound the
the Remote the and Sound You the to the temporarily off the and sound, the action, or the and connected as Switching Sources If to than and/or the Source Search the or to switch the the the appears. The of the selected (such as Computer1 or appears the Source Search
the You to the to that the and the which Press the the If or RGB the which bright The following the with bright input only). Sports TV bright or input only). when bright Text when and white bright Theatre when Brightest bright when conforming to the Blackboard Choose this when to You the to the the the Remote
the Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the or the A/V the to off the and sound and This to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V or the A/V the The To the and sound back the or the AV You such as or to the whenever the A/V information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however. Also, the to the action from the To the action, the A/V A/V
Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the four arrow buttons the to the crosshair the to the to the selected to While the the arrow buttons to about. Press the to the SC to to the the Aspect Ratio If the Aspect the to the aspect to height) ratio from You to or or (Down) (to or You to or Normal Press the Aspect to through the options. You the aspect ratio using the Arrow buttons buttons the Remote Aspect
The off when than seconds. This life. It helpful, when the carrying and the pushed. the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the the of the Remote the The AA Follow these when to them: Press the to the cover. the batteries, then the as shown. the cover. (It should
the the the or to on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the and clarity the input features Selecting options and other information the security Restoring the
the the The and the features: The the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The to the input You input the and aspect and tracking and The the the It allows to the and correction, brightness to high or of the receivers, and the while projecting. The the the the the or and or to displayed as the or whenever the A/V the and The Network and optional the or the The Info information about and or The the factory
the buttons the or the to the and Follow these Press the the or to the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the and arrow buttons the or to through the highlighted the the the or the to The highlight to the first option that the and arrow buttons the or to through the of options. (The options which selected.) highlighting the option to the or right arrow buttons the or the to the to the to sub-screen the options the
the Press the or right arrow buttons the or the to To from or the or arrow the or the to highlight the then Press the to to the or to the the automatically. Press the to the Colors and Clarity The to the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The options which selected: and RGB and
Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the and arrow buttons and to the following options: Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or projecting with bright input only). Sports: TV bright or input only). bright Text: and white bright Theatre: with (the or Brightest bright displays (the when from with Blackboard: Brightness or the the light and areas. and the or of the the You High or the
and RGB the and the of to the Sharpness or the the and intensity of red, and the correctly, or the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to manually You the of the tracking and and the aspect ratio to Press the You the Select the You of the following and
Press Then the and arrow buttons and the to the following this On to the Turn off to to the Tracking from the internal clock to information. Corrects or the with the tracking from the information. the arrow buttons to the the right, or this On when or that interlaced-to-progressive fast-moving If while switch this to or Selects the from connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 If this from to of the following: RGB or RGB or the If repositioned the then the the to the
the and this PAL PAL60 Aspect the aspect ratio (ratio of to height). Select Normal or or (Down) with or finished, or The the the from and to applying security Press the Select the
Press Then the and arrow buttons and the to the following options: from to Automatically from to when the foot or retracted. (Not when from the or using projection.) Select On or buttons or the the You the from the to this the off the the light to steady turning Brightness Select brightness when the too bright the The reduces electricity and Select High to the brightness. the Brightness the the the Remote Deactivates the front and/or back that from the This to interference from bright lights. to focusing and the and correcting the (To the displayed finished, or To the function from the the about seconds. the
the Protect turned the Selecting the to the the You the and/or the the and the screen background and or the Press the Select the Press Then the and arrow buttons and the to the following options: or off. Background: the background to Black or when or of the screen when the turned A/V the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. Turn to the or whenever the turned information.
front of the front of the mounted from the Rear: the Rear/Ceiling: the mounted from the To from to or Rear to Rear/Ceiling and the A/V the seconds. Direct On: this as as the cord. You to the button. the off the input of (as the the of the off automatically, from to This to the off when the A/V closed than High using the this to that the internal of the properly. Turn this off Network On to allow the to when the (the light Select the to the finished, or the Direct On turned the to the off, the light steady then the cord.
You to of the the RGB, RGB, RGB the Selecting Network information connecting the to and the the and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the button. Select the Info You of the following
Hours the of hours the used. The of the from about hours High to about hours brightness If the shown to or the information displayed red, Source the input currently projected. RGB and the input RGB and the input and the Refresh Rate RGB and the refresh Info RGB and information that the service technician. informations about This information service required. finished, or the The the least hours.
If should to the and the to the the to proceed. the the Security To of the the following: that and/or when the A/V pressed. Assign to the from turned from and the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the anti-theft If the the displayed as the and/or Unauthorized users off or This to theft and to the should If the appears the whenever the If the incorrectly three the operation and to the cord, then to redisplay the If incorrect the and to to Where To If using the awhile to that temporarily the that the reactivated and the used. the Operation of the buttons or of the the
Creating You to the and then it as the and/or the that when the A/V The photograph, or other to The this the Follow these to the and to the the to the You from or such as DVD Press the and the the arrow and to to the as and selection displays the the arrow the or to the of the to Once selected the the Choose this as the choose and If to the selected, and and the If the Protect function ON that the recorded. to the Protect function or the
The the option On If the Screen to the If the Protect function to On the Background You to turn the function off first. Once the to its factory If already the Protect Release Starting the with the this and then the as and the the or other (computer, while the the Completed To the as the background screen when the A/V or when the and Then Background and and Select A/V and and finished, to the Press the the about seconds the Protect Select and
the the and the buttons the as shown. The displayed as the appears. the You the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and Press the the about seconds the Protect To the On Protect and On then To Protect and Select On then this the appears whenever the turned the Screen the and as the A/V selected the as the Background the of the when the Protect function To the the Network Protect and Select On and Press to the Protect If the to the the You the to the as theft buttons the
the Starting the with the function this when the the the to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please try If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release to the If incorrect the and service. If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To
the You the function to the buttons, or the the Press the Select the and the and arrow buttons to and the Select to the buttons, or to the Then and to the Press the Security You of security the You the security the of the to Security You to the to or heavy as shown below: the To the seconds.
The and Network and to their when To the inputs, the option the To the the option the Network To the the option the the Restoring the The to their It the hours to their instructions the To and the to the Select to the or to
of the off and the cord. the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transportation to the clean. or smears the You to clean the and or to cool the and overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the Transporting the
to the and Transportation Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If collects the or the of the them as below. clogs and overheating and the the and the displays the The overheating. nothing the and or the
To the and follow these Turn off the allow to cool and the cord. To clean the and recommends and other office If them using (such as paintbrush). You the to both If the to or the torn, or to V13H134A13). If to clean or the off, as shown. and Transportation
ABS resin, and polyurethane of to You to hours the used. Turn off this when to the of the warning the If the the to injury. and Transportation the and clicks the The typically about hours of high brightness or hours It to the when: The projected or to The light flashing The the appears the when the To brightness and the as as or V13H010L42. Follow these to the Press the to turn off the hear the the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the cool).
the screwdriver included with the or Phillips-head screwdriver to the screw holding the cover (the cover located top of the the cover then off. the screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant the screws.) the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Dont these screws and Transportation
the of the assembly. Touching the to seat the and the cover. If the properly or the cover the and Transportation Gently the the If easily, facing the the where the PUSH appears. Once the its screws. the cover (The should covered, and the top of the cover should with the top of the Then the cover closed and the screw. the as the section.
the You the the to clear the the warning Follow these the and the Press the the or and the Then Select and You Select and Press to to the or the to the and Transportation the the If the Hours the of hours that the used.
incurred and Transportation Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first carrying then firm using cushioning around the hand-carrying the to carrying
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with the the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the the or Press the the or You the the and arrow buttons the or to highlight the to Then the to the Press to another topic or to If of the to the following What To the Lights The lights top of the the and when light light light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended the following
light light light The operating normally. Flashing The the to appear. The or You or the to Flashing The the light to flashing and Flashing The too the surrounding the C) and there of around and the Clean the and necessary. instructions. The overheated and off. cool about then back there of around and the If using the turn High as the the clean the and If to overheat, to the Flashing The or correctly; or the cover the cover or or reseat the necessary, as clean the and If these Flashing the with as as instructions. If to the there Flashing There with the or Clean the and If this the the off and There internal the Turn the off and
with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the A/V the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. If the the Press and the the seconds to release the lock. The or If the it off the to the and If the light the to turn the The attached or displaying the If the switched off and then the light flashing and Then the the Computer1 or Computer2 the to the selected information. turned off the of the the Brightness the or High the Brightness the With Direct On the of the the and then right back the to the least of the receivers turned the
Nothing appears the the VGA connected to and the Computer1 the from connected to the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter the to or turned If connected and or to the Source Search the or the to the Allow seconds the to the If connected to The Not Supported displayed. UXGA and the the If necessary, as the selected the It should normally to The buttons the The Press and the the seconds to release the
of the displayed. If from or RGB the the If this to the the information. If of the the the the to and to the Aspect the to aspect ratio or another and activated. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt another Right-click the the and OS X: On the Apple choose Preferences then or You to existing created them software information. The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the upward, the the top. Turn as or the or buttons top of the the
The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD If from or the the If using PAL this to PAL60 the securely connected both Select the Compatible If from the the or the the to tracking and automatically. If that the and Tracking the The the the cleaning the as the You to using the from the within the the Sharpness the You should to the the immediately.
of the used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the tracking and If necessary, manually the Tracking and the as To these the with such as background or white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The of the right. selecting instructions. If the and the instructions. the Brightness and the the input the matches the from the connected If the too and connected or RGB to the Computer1 or Computer2 as the input If connected to of these If from or the selected the to the If the the nearing the hours as and necessary, as
There sound. Press the the or the the to the If turned off the and sound, the A/V the to them If DVD or other its turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as the connected to the or If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and The selected. Press the Source Search the or the You the the that appears the Protect Release and If the the and try the The You the to the You purchase from
with the Remote The to commands. within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). If the than seconds, the Press another operation. The correctly or the as the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. If the of the receivers the to interference from bright light. Turn off that such as heater. You the You the to features. If another from
Network You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the to Network On If the using XP or as the restarting You the when that the to Network On that the to the and correctly; correctly the Network or EMP Where To these technical services: to with the or You and and troubleshooting or with to templates, and
To purchase (U.S.) or to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM Monday through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product or Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
the Network software included with and EMP only) to switch and the function to about To the software to first EMP Then and the to as This chapter covers the following information: the software Connecting to Selecting and with EMP to the
the Network the Network Software The software CD-ROM includes the software to the from location. The Software CD-ROM includes EMP the from location. the software, these Microsoft 98SE, (SP4), or XP IBM PC with least III At least 256MB of RAM recommended) At least 128MB of free XGA or and or higher the Software the software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD Click Custom then EMP selected. Click then follow the on-screen instructions to software.
Connecting to the Network Follow these to the to and with IP the to using or the to the LAN the Press the to the Network
the Network Selecting Network Follow the instructions this section to the the Press the the Network Press Then the and arrow and the to the following options: Wired LAN If assigns automatically, the DHCP If automatically, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To numbers, the buttons the using the to the the the from the EMP software.
SNMP If the SNMP option to IP This the the SNMP software. the instructions the section. the the this the Press the the Network and Select and Select the following as necessary: Select On to of there with the SMTP the IP the SMTP the You from to each of the the SMTP The You from to Destination Choose of the Destination then the where to when the Network You from EMP If with which to the to If to Network On the the the (when the off).
If to the while the then Network On the Network to the to the specified with the EPSON and the following information: The of the where the occurred The IP of the where the occurred of the EMP EMP to It easily the or off, switch and its using EMP the software only) as The to the should already to and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP from the or right-click the shown then Click to EMP
to Follow these to search EMP Select New search) Click Search to currently operating the Select the to clicking its then the group, necessary, necessary, and the Click the through to the the You with of The EMP and occurred. the the Refresh The following the EMP or the group. Warning or the group. Right the and to the group. currently updated. the Network If the found, connected or correctly the To from the right-click the and To when turned Network On as the the information, right-click the and Property
the Network or Warning or when the or incorrect Right-click the and to the currently updated. Network connected to the the disconnected, or Network selected as the the Network The The off; The The off; The internal The internal The internal (high). The internal high (high-temperature warning). The internal too high (high-temperature The turned off automatically.
warning. The nearing the of its life. High-temperature warning. The too to The or incorrectly. flow. The to cleaned or replaced. flow as cover the cover The reached the of its life. The reached its of or incorrectly. High internal The turned off automatically. as as as Other as the Network
You from the If to the the Network You to of with the EMP From the function Turn the function On the IP and of SMTP the to three to to the boxes. Click the buttons to the which the OK If EMP to each of the the function The and of the includes the and the or to the those the fixed, EMP indicating the
to the If connected to to and to the through that the connected to as Follow the instructions to to Network On the the and the IP of the to the If what the of the the and Wired LAN from the Network to the IP of the You of the following: If the Network OK If the Network the then OK You screen the Select of the then as These to those found the You the High and the or the and Hours the the the of the to choose the action, off the and sound, or the or off. the Network
the Network
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active with MLA without MLA F=1.6 to to (XGA) Brightness (ANSI) (High brightness Brightness (ANSI) (High brightness brightness ratio to inches to Projection to to Projection rear, sound aspect ratio ratio
selected, and brightness Technical Specifications (High brightness correction Projection UHE About hours (High brightness); hours brightness) Remote AA (including inches inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, off)
to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to to with High and United States FCC Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 to RH, DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Specifications Compatible You of the following VCR, DVD or The and RGB and the (HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The these international Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM TV525i TV625i SDTV and SDTV and
Compatible You the to of computers, including and Apple Macintosh, and Core computers, computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. Although displayed the of from VGA through UXGA. To from the refresh thats with the the following the should to match the If this isnt of the other Right-click the the and through to the Advanced the then the of the OS From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected, then the and You to existing created them software Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications The these Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60
Refresh Rate VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices his chapter includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily the properly grounded the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through the of the
Notices as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
Notices