Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Select "Brightness" from the Indicates items. Brightness Brightness
Introduction This chapter the and the
the aspect. You whiteboards With that WXGA LCD the Projection WXGA (EB-826W) and other Common to USB as optional With this there You easily with USB and its really and with the and USB from the the to with the Connecting with USB and (USB You and easily and closing the A/V which clear The A/V easy to and to foot to You easily height with hand. You this to people without restricts operation the and who the Protect to and Enhanced security functions without to the to turning the off, the cool cool
The following connecting the to Select whichever The with the following of anti-theft with anti-theft security Advanced offering of to already constructed Advanced to the and the temporarily the SSID disconnecting. that only when the optional wireless LAN of EB-826W/825/85 Security Security the optional USB Network Wireless USB to the JPEG without You to already You from connected to without to to the and and You effective of the "EPSON Software to such as USB or USB memory You slideshow of JPEG USB to the the optional wireless LAN the Connecting wirelessly to wirelessly to
the to and the A/V A/V C Function and Functions when the such as and the of the foot the Foot to and the foot. Foot when the to the closing the and the sound (A/V A/V the service life. to and this to with operation and collects the internal to to cool the internally. If the regularly. this cover when the optional LAN through and and the cover. cover switch Security The Security with the Security Security the the to cool the internally. that become or and or the otherwise affected heat the while Function this cover when the cover from the Remote
the currently and from the Mic to Function (EB-826W/825/85/84 only) and Functions Rear to the when to from connected to the from from or the Screw to the cover input Cover Fixing Screw to the when to output from connected to the Computer1 from and from other Computer1 from the Remote Function to the when to connected to USB or when Also, when to from from connected to the Computer2 the the following Sources, the USB: back Slideshow from USB from and from the optional from other to the USB LAN Computer2 and should normally used. to the with RS-232C This the from RS-232C from the Mic and the currently projected. to the to microphone. Mic C the connected to the Computer1/2 input to the from This or other input to other than the Computer1/2 input (EB-826W/825/85/84 only)
The following the of USB Light ON: USB Light ON: USB operating OFF: USB connected connected to USB Light ON: Function and Functions (EB-826W/825/824/85 USB only) when the optional connected. connected to the USB JPEG Slideshow when or Operation (EB-826W/825/824/85 USB only) USB and the the projected. the to the USB USB to the wireless function. this to to the to LAN and then to (EB-826W/825/85/84 LAN only) the from the optional mount when Function mount fixing to and to the Rear foot
displayed, these buttons items and If when or Corrects the following the through and the Slideshow function however, these buttons the Network Function and Functions or displayed, these the If while which and the and the which shows to with they If when displayed, to the previous the function. items and The of the and whether they flashing or the of the the or off. Function and the displayed, and the selection and If of or the and to the to the Changes to the input that connected to the and [Source Search] C
the On or Function and Remote the pressed, the from the Computer1 input to the Computer2 input [Computer] Each the pressed, the from the input to the input C the and or off. [A/V when buttons If of the and to the the EB-826W/825. from LAN as the Source. The LAN Source function, or or the Up/Down when the Wireless The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] or buttons (Down) the without the of that the and the buttons the the pushed. Wireless function, the displayed, selects items and or
to the EMP NS only) [LAN] Function displayed, and the selection and or to the Function and Functions EB-824/84, this function the pressed. to the input that connected to the and [Search] light-emitting Acts as right when the Wireless function. Acts as when using the Wireless function. displayed, to the the function. If when and the which shows to with they Each the pressed, the Press to the Decreases the Increases the buttons the pressed, to the to USB when using the from connected to USB EB-84. [USB] Brightness assigned as the items. the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch Press to assign item from the when
Functions This chapter and the Security
USB: from connected to USB and from EMP NS projected. LAN: the connected to USB and the input from the projected. The input from connected Source Search You the the following the connected, playback this operation. EB-826W/825/824/85 switch to USB. when input. EB-826W/825/85 switch to LAN. Procedure Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) You the buttons to to the to the input the the Remote input when the [Source You the as input with Search] or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. Computer1 Computer2 C
You directly to the the following the Remote Switch to the Remote or when found. You connected. If about seconds, the the input where the to displayed when the that the currently The following showing the of the Projected Remote the pressed, the from the input to the input Each the pressed, the from the Computer1 input to the Computer2 input Each the pressed, to the from connected to USB to USB when the EB-84. C USB displayed EB-826W/825/824/85. LAN displayed EB-826W/825/85. EB-824/84, this function the pressed. switch to from EMP NS Connection.(EB-826W/825/85 the connected to only)
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Functions Projection the that to surroundings when You easily the selecting The of the the selected. turning off bright This the brightest the If about and tones Application If the while the displayed the Each the the displayed to the the screen and the The the from the bright Theatre the input and the Source such as bright The and brought USB or LAN.) TV bright or The and brought to life. input) Sports this Blackboard tint, when Blackboard that to the using black-and-white bright Whiteboard
the to the of the and Functions Projection the Iris Remote Procedure the the Press the and Iris from the the Remote Procedure Each the or the cover A/V or off. The each Select On. the A/V closed, or when operations activates and the turned off. If to the Cover to from the and sound to played back the and the A/V to the where A/V activated. If this function when the You choose to Black or as the A/V from the C Press the to the Iris when the or Theatre when from You this when to the what or to such as the and Sound Temporarily (A/V
the Aspect Ratio when connected that that recorded or The and the of Aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio when the Aspect Ratio to the the the from without Also, operations such as the function activated Functions Enhancing the Procedure Remote Procedure Remote Each the or off. The Aspect the from the the the Aspect displayed the If the while the Aspect the to the Aspect and the Aspect If the while the or displayed, the or The to back the while the and to from the where while used. displayed cleared.
Through the Aspect Functions Enhancing Projection EB-825/824/85/84 the switches and Each the pressed, the Normal, and Through. EB-826W Normal C
the Aspect (EB-825/824/85/84) Functions Projection You the Aspect as follows. input to the Aspect of This when to Aspect of to the to the the Aspect of the input Normal input Aspect. This projecting when If of the or Normal from the the of the
You the Aspect as follows. EB-826W offers WXGA (Aspect Ratio the Aspect to the Aspect (EB-826W) Functions Projection input to the the Aspect of the input Normal input to the Aspect of input input as that the the input the aspect projected.
input input Projection of the This clear If the the of the the of the input to the projected. Through Functions Projection Normal If of the or from the the of the
the This allows to the and to the about. Functions Function You choose from three of buttons, the to and left/right. and with the Remote the Procedure from the or Each the the appears or
to the of the that to the This useful when to to them such as and of the Functions Projection Remote buttons, the to and left/right. and with the Procedure
the Remote to the Functions Projection Remote C the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the button. holding the XP Professional/Vista Edition/ Compatible OS to to The ratio appears the The selected buttons to or Press the If selected, and Reduction the Press the to It to the Wireless function the function to used. the to of both the and operating the further OS to the Remote to USB the To the Wireless function, USB to Wireless from the USB of the connected with the USB the USB of and the USB the
buttons, the and with the Once the the operated as follows. Functions Projection the operation of the reversed. The Wireless function while the following If the to the While the to and left/right. While the Source displayed While the function While the function While displayed While displayed While While USB operated While the While used. Right click: Press the click: Press click: Press the clicks Moving the previous or This useful the Slideshow. Switch and To previous To Release the to the location. or While the the
Background A/V and from Protect to On the Network Protect to On Network the to the the of the following the prohibited. Network Protect (EB-826W/825/85/84 only) the prohibited. Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions You people the the without The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft the following to Protect. Protect anti-theft as the At Furthermore, the that displayed when turn the This acts as Protect activated, people who know the the to the the of purchase, Protect activated. Protect) and turned (this to Direct On). If On Protect On to the the On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
Turn Network Protect.(EB-826W/825/85/84 only) Select Network Protect and then the Select On and then the projection, the about The Protect displayed. seconds. Security Functions Procedure the buttons. The as While holding the four using the The the this to If the The the displayed, and then the fourth the displayed. Select and then the shown displayed Press the the Remote Remote the the the as further theft If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the If the incorrectly, displayed prompting The accepted. displayed. to the the the Select Protect and then the On Select and then the button. Press the Select On Protect and then the button. Select On and then the Press the C Turn Protect. Turn On Protect. the displayed, the the buttons the Remote
of the buttons the the locked. While holding the the the the buttons. Security Functions Procedure operation. The operated the buttons and only or when to This or shows when to from the projection, the and the Procedure that appears the and the and then the switches to If this If incorrect three the that the the and Service the from the and then If the of the The operation locked. about and the back The displays the the the Remote thirty the following and The the If to the and input the operation locked. as operations from the including turning the of the the locked. You or off. of the following to the buttons the Restricting
through the to the to or theft-prevention Security Select or Security Functions the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the The to the C Select when the displayed. chose. From the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the the from the released. You release the of the following The Security with the Security Security the You about the www.kensington.com/ Security the often mounts and the includes the following security to from the Anti-Theft
This chapter to the and its
the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the and Source currently as shown the following shots. the used, input supported. each and Source. of Functions /USB Function You the of the to surroundings. You the Brightness. Brightness You choosing of the following.(This item selected selected as the from the You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. Red, You the of each individually. when NTSC input You the Tint. You the light and the You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness (This item or Theatre selected as the from the Iris On whether or to to the light projected.
You the to their To items to their Function of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You the when the LAN. (EB-826W/825/85) Normal as when of the to the connected or to or to the of the input identified. If the correctly when to such On You whether or the to the when the You when appear the Tracking Function You the and right when of the that the whole projected. You when or interference appear the
IP each field the This with amount of when input) On: to to Function of Functions You input from input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as Reduction If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You input from Computer1/2 input You the to their To items to their You the Aspect Ratio Aspect when selected from the Projection On Turn to You the Function
Function You this to operation of the of Functions the Mic too to hear from the or the too high the crack. the Mic turned to from the Mic selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and Select the too bright such as when or reduced. about life: about You the to of Brightness You the each You the of the to operation Remote or the Remote light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the from the Remote the that the without other While the To the the the Remote or the displayed, and correction assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the You the item assigned from the with the pressing the the Brightness Info, following items to the You the to their To items to their
of Functions Screen You whether or On the (the when the displayed. You whether or On to the Source when the Source, the Background You the when to Black or A/V Black You the displayed A/V as or when the when input, and You related to the You the that as background Background, A/V and Function You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling You from the following to the the Projection Rear Rear/Ceiling
On to and the that the such as to On the the off within On to this when input and operations Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. of to restored. Operation Function of Functions to On this off the the A/V closed. High to On when the of Cover to On the of purchase. to USB when the and connected USB and USB You SNMP to and the of the the or using the "EMP You the following when the this to Communication On. The Mic function from the when connected to the Mic This this to Communication On and Microphone to On and the of the the software with this to On, whether On or when the to Communication On) Microphone Protect to On Protect, relating to You Protect" to to Wireless when the to operated the Remote You and from the to their To items to their You the displays. IP and to allow EB-824 owner's to EMP products, If On Protect Protect On input when Microphone to On "High
Network Protect to On Protect displayed and the You Network Protect to Network (EB-826W/825/85/84 only) of Functions EB-84 EB-826W/825/85/84 Function You the each as follows. Network Information Wireless LAN Security Wired LAN Others The following Network items. Network You easily text to such as Security the of connected to the the and the This function
to the and of or or to Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the the Notes operating the Network of Functions Each the [SYM1/2] selected, and the Each the [CAPS] selected, and the section the and the and the Network the and the Network the Network Soft operations the to input. Press the holding the the and buttons the to the the Remote and the buttons. to the and then the to the to input. The Network items that input of this the following software displayed. buttons the Remote or the
EB-84 EB-826W/825/85 of Functions to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the the connected Network. to when the using software. the to the when connected to editing, to characters. Function You to characters. to On to the when to the to EMP NS from from Normally this should to On "Connecting to Network and Projecting" (EB-826W/825/85 only)
when the optional Wireless LAN Wireless LAN (EB-826W/825/85 only) of Functions Advanced to when to wireless to when to EMP NS to the the to the to SSID. SSID the Wireless LAN which the the SSID. You to characters. SSID Function the LAN Wireless LAN IP You input the IP assigned to the You input from to each field of the However, to (where from to the following IP used. You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. On DHCP Select whether or to DHCP. If this to You related to the following IP Gateway You input the IP the the You input from to each field of the the following Gateway used. To the SSID from Network Info the Network and the LAN this to SSID to (where from to
To the IP from displayed Network Info the Network and the LAN this to IP Function of Functions when the optional Wireless LAN Security (EB-826W/825/85 only) WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication authentication or authenticating Security, follow the instructions from the of the about to access. Advanced WPA/WPA2: This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA and without This the without This the encrypted the and the match. that this "TKIP" and "AES". WEP: encrypted with (WEP Select type of security from the following items. Security Function
You the following items. WEP selected of Functions Function You the input the WEP HEX HEX ASCII Format You the WEP WEP Selects the WEP ID ID the which the The type of character and the that to the WEP You the WEP the characters following instructions from the If the of characters shorter than the character length, or the of characters than the ASCII alphanumerics, characters. ASCII alphanumerics, characters. character length, HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters and Format Encryption Encryption Encryption Encryption You than characters the from than characters. You PreSharedKey (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the PreSharedKey and the pressed, the and as PSK Function WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You the following items.
of Functions Wired LAN IP You input the IP assigned to the You input from to each field of the to (where from to the following IP used. You input the the You input from to each of the the following used. On DHCP Select whether or (On/Off) to DHCP. If this to Function You related to the following IP Gateway You input the IP the the You input from to each field of the the following used. To the IP from displayed Network Info the Network and the LAN this to IP to (where from to
this or the information the of the "Reading Function (EB-826W/825/85/84 only)" of Functions You input from to each field of the the following IP used. You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP Function to (where from to You whether or On to to characters the Address. You or to about the and the of the to when abnormality or warning the You You each Address. You input the the SMTP The You input to
EB-84 EB-826W/825/85 of Functions Others To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Function to (where from to You to the SNMP You input from to each of the the following IP used. Trap IP Trap IP the to this to On to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery the wireless or wired. (EB-826W/825/85 only) Priority
of the Network of Functions Function the the appears. To of the Network network
the of the projected and the of the Items that displayed the and Source currently as shown the following shots. the used, input supported. Info Only) of Functions LAN /USB /USB reaches the the characters yellow. You the operating Function You the of the to the Source You the Source the connected currently projected. Source You the of the This information service You the Info. Info You the Refresh Refresh Rate You the The as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and This Info about that occurred the This information service required. the
of Functions Network The following items to their items and You items the to their You clear the and it to "0H". when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the Remote C Confirm the selection. If with the the displayed to the You the the and displayed as shown the below. the the The displayed. Press the Procedure Press the button to Select If the to the to the the Remote
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three that the operating of the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. Warming the this or cool while the flashing. Indicates the operating to the following to what the and to that they Indicates the internal C Indicates the
If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this Stop the the from the and or the the and Service or or flashing the the from the and or the the and Service The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, clean or High (overheating) If the the the the from the and or the the and Service of or High to On the and cracked. the following Clean the If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and turn the If cracked the and the
to of the replaced). If cracked with or further If the yourself, or Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Iris using of or High to On If the cover or the correctly, the that the cover and securely to the Flashing that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning or flashing or o If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as with If the indicated this the the from the and or If the operating properly, though the showing to the the the and Service
supplied" If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard or the sound "I to the and sound heard from the microphone" "The Remote Other the completely the completely and from appear and noth displayed" relating to appear" the (EB-826W/ such as interference, or white "Interference or appear appear. "The "Not supported" displayed." or of "Projection automatically" displayed." of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and The whole appears purplish or white, performance, that the ted the and the appearing the appear and and LCD match, this of "The or or the aspect right" when appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. the switched off? Press the [A/V the Remote to A/V A/V active? that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. Press the to the the the to the the connected input such as screen completely of the the correct? the A/V the A/V closed? when from the correct? the completely when the to output only. when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the displayed Projection Press the to the If to the to Operation to On
The "Not supported" displayed. to the to the and the Refresh Rate output from the "Supported Displays" the to the the connected the and the Refresh Rate to the when from the correct? when displayed. If the to the LCD or to the accessory to Computer's title such as or "Connecting If the while the of the or already turned the function that the to as as the the to Turn the the and the when the output externally, they appear the LCD or accessory off and then back the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or with built-in LCD the to the of the recommended the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too within the recommended
appear the the about hour used. If the the of the and this the to If the from to or the off and the to the the to the the connected Interference or appear when from the correct? If the correctly the Press the the or the the to Tracking Tracking and from the If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the "Supported Displays" the and "Tracking correctly? when when the selected? Press the the Remote or the the to from other while from the of the If the correctly using the using from the correctly? the to the the connected Press the the Remote to the The or or the aspect projected? when
If activated the Properties" of the only about of the the screen projected. To the the off the when the the that the with the the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected Displays" when the selected? right the and from the from connected to the or input the from the the correctly? from connected to the input Brightness Brightness the from the the Brightness correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the from the correctly? the and correctly? Brightness Brightness the and from the the Brightness correctly? Brightness Brightness the from the correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the
when There the or the the If this the the the from the and or the the and Service the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or normally. the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. and then the Press the to turn the the button? Press the the If to the to the to the Remote from the Remote the the selected? Other the the from the input and then the the connected correctly? Press the [A/V the Remote to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the sound heard or the sound Disconnect the from the Mic and then the the microphone correctly? sound heard from the microphone
the Mic that sound heard. Mic the Mic turned too the location where light the Remote the Remote Remote to from the sunlight or light from the Remote The operating the about the too from the the the Remote the light-emitting towards the the when operated? The Remote the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? Remote the from the the the Remote selected? the from the the to the and If the or the the and Service the to abnormality and the to To the function when the Communication On from the to Communication On? received the (EB-826W/825/85) of to the the correctly. Notification function correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the Network
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
from (Rear from front of the The the following four to the of the location. (Rear/ and from the from the and from front of the the from the the screws from and or and mount. This serious to the screws from or things such as or or the mount, to If the mount fixing to the the the crack causing to from its mount and the of when the from mount). If correctly, causing and Warning the its This malfunctions to Rear or Rear/Ceiling from the You the as follows the [A/ the Remote about seconds. optional mount when the from
If collects the the internal of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately the or when the displayed. You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with the cloth using to the Cleaning the The of the or become such as or thinner to the cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them than this using the to the with If displayed, cleaning, the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the Clean the and the when the following displayed. The overheating. nothing the and or the
the with batteries. This section to the Remote the and the that the becoming this ready. You other the AA If the of the or it them with AA or or the Remote Press the battery cover clicks C the cover. the of the and the to the the the Instructions the batteries. Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the the appears. You should ready appears, the with as as If to the the passed, the characteristics of the and the the that the increases. the used, the become or the High Brightness continually About hours Brightness About hours The the displayed when It to the when: The when the from to the The flashes displayed. the and used, fire, or the If or reassembled shock, or that the and should to the of the the there that the If the of which the should cover, the cover gently. Warning The or to
the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver with the or head screwdriver. Then the the cooled then the straight and to cover. about hour the turned off the to cool the cooled sufficiently removing the cover. If the burns or other It enough. the off the and the Procedure
the the the that fits the location "PUSH", and once the screws. the C the fixing screws. further If the cracked, with or the the
the the cover. The though the cleaned. The turned brown. It to the when: to the the off the and the The when the from Procedure Please regulations or recycling. the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the correctly, the This includes that mercury of with The records the turned and the the from the and when to the the indicated correctly. the the replaced. the Hours
the the of the and straight C the the cover switch, and the the cover. cover. Press clicks the
of properly with of the Polyurethane of the ABS the cover.
to ELPKC19 The following optional and Please of to without and optional and as of: purchase these products as and when The following of the country of purchase. Optional and the to connected to this to to and from the used. when the to wirelessly and USB ELPAP05 (EB-826W/825/85 only) Wireless LAN Unit ELPAP03 (EB-826W/825/85 only) when OHP or ELPDC06 this to with the Soft carrying ELPKS16B Optional when the high when the ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount roll-type (Aspect Ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25 ELPSC10 of to the from and Service to this or the the This the as the with the that easily. (Aspect Ratio ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 roll-type (Aspect Ratio ELPSC06 as as ELPLP50 ELPAF22 of these the with the too
Select from the the the buttons and the operations they the the You the that currently as the erased. the to as the and then the the the Remote Procedure and the You If Protect from Protect to On Protect to If selected when Aspect, or the function currently C "Choose this as the displayed, the the Remote or the the to the as to the of the
the factor from the the to the of the to as the The the the the this as the Completed. displayed. displayed, Once the the seconds. the or connected while otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the Remote You to Select this displayed,
to To the the following to the reference. and Projection Units: to Units: the from the of the to the of the Projection (EB-825/824/85/84) of Units: (EB-826W) to to
Units: to and Projection to Screen Units: to
Connecting and USB Devices (EB-826W/825/824/85 only) and the optional connected to the USB and USB the connected or JPEG the USB played back as Slideshow. "Slideshow Operations" the optional connected, from the projected. Connecting USB Devices To USB USB C USB or the [Source Search] the to switch to the optional as the The following to USB the connected to the the [USB] the to the the USB with the from the or to the using USB If USB the correctly. and such as and USB should connected to USB than length. If the the AC with the with, or specified with the Slideshow function correctly. the directly.
Connecting and USB (EB-826W/825/824/85 only) finishing follow the below to USB from the Removing USB Devices the optional from the USB and off the to the and then Procedure
to the (supplied). C Turn the Connecting with USB and (USB the USB to the to USB USB from from the computer.This function the displayed. from the to the to the USB "Connecting the first the A/V "From the Connecting the directly to the and USB Turn the Procedure
to the If to installation, If the USB Select Click Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB Connecting the first Procedure using EPSON EPSON USB EPSON automatically. USB this try to the and then to the and to the software. the and Service authority, displayed
It while projected. Please projected. From the Connecting with USB and (USB It while projected, the as and the USB or off the to the C Applications that of DirectX functions correctly. only) EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB and then clear the If automatically, If the the The disconnected the If nothing reason, To the EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB USB There to the EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE EPSON USB and Disconnecting checkbox.
Connecting LAN (EB-826W/825/85/84 only) with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN the the following and interfaces To malfunctions, shielded LAN LAN To LAN To LAN C
the Wireless LAN the Wireless LAN Unit (EB-826W/825/85 only) the cover switch, and the the cover. cover. Procedure C the LAN using the screw included to the Screw to wireless LAN
such as to the input or input You from connected to the or the Connecting to (EB-826W/ only) Connecting to the This that when the You input from Computer1/2 and the connected to the using the with the with To To C
the the using output from the built-in and switches to Connecting to (EB-826W/ only) Connecting to You microphone from the connecting to the Mic The Connecting microphone (such as with the the You with built-in amplifiers to the to of sound. with To To Mic To C
Reading Function (EB-826W/825/85/84 only) The IP the where the On the function to and warning the the following The where the occurred and of the EPSON occurred. or appears the of the with occurred the that the each To The of the The following with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" cover related that the the Check the or input to the turned High Warning High-speed cooling High (Overheating) Iris Iris
Command Item MSEL input, the the and the ON to the the and the If the terminates abnormally, turned and then the command. and ESC/VP21 Commands Command (CR) to the of each and Connector Command Item PWR ON On ON/OFF SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE RGB PWR OFF SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB (EB-826W/825/824/85) SOURCE LAN(EB-826W/825/85) MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MUTE OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL
Flow length: Parity: <At the <At the input RS-232C ESC/VP21 Commands <At the (PC <At the Function ground GND TD ready DSR RD ready DTR
"Product information EB-826W EB-825 EB-824 EB-85 EB-84 network-compatible as of their to Class1, and confirmed the and Information Association) as The with the Class1 established Class1 established the JBMIA It with commands the following commands the JBMIA. About URL: and Command Function Command Source AVMT AVMT Non-compatible commands INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 INPT INPT INPT USB INPT LAN INPT USB information EB-826W/825/824/85 EB-826W/825/85 EPSON
Supported (EB-825/824/85/84) Supported Units: RGB) VGAEGA VGA SVGA Normal Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA WXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" when other than those input, that the projected. supported. the VGA
Units: Aspect Refresh Rate Units: Aspect Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM)
Supported (EB-826W) Supported Units: RGB) Through Normal VGAEGA VGA SVGA Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA WXGA+ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19"
Through Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Units: MAC21" when other than those input, that the projected. when selected as the from the the VGA Through Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Units: Through Normal TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Aspect Refresh Rate
EB-824 EB-84 EB-85 EB-825 EB-826W Product Specifications Specifications (H) (W) (W) (H) (D) including section) TFT active WXGA (W) (H) to AC to supply UHE ELPLP50 (Communication On): (Communication to to to +60C (Communication On): (Communication to to +35C to
EB-824 EB-84 EB-85 EB-825 EB-826W Product Computer1 Connectors Specifications Computer2 RCA (L, R) DIN input RCA input USB A) USB A) USB USB Connector A) Optional LAN Unit USB USB B) USB Mic RJ-45 LAN RS-232C This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Supports USB USB to that USB. TM DNX ICs this
Specifications of The software with the or the optional that the following EMP NS with EB-826W/825/85. If the of than and Software SP4/XP/XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP3/ SP1 III or USB EMP EMP NS Recommended: II or Recommended: MMX or SE SP6/2000SP4/ XP (HomeEdition/Professional) SP1 or SP4/XP/XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP3/ Recommended: OS or OS or SP1 OS III or CPU Recommended: or Recommended: 512MB or 256MB or 64MB or 20MB or 50MB or 20MB or Recommended: or PC G3 or Recommended: 512MB or or 256MB or Amount of Memory of than than XGA or than SVGA or and with authority of than than XGA
FCC United States Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers Specifications that interference installation. the to to the interference or interference to or reception. there reception, which turning the off and This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC and and, These to reasonable protection and with the instructions, If this interference to and interference installation. This of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the from that the or Increase the the and receiver. or the to which the connected. expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Each to the interference received, including interference that to the to the following this with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class that the tested and found to with the Records interference, and this operation. established the FCC this It the of the If this than interface the FCC or Declaration of this to and shielded interface with this connected to interfaces. or The of non-shielded interface to this the the and interference which the authority to the WARNING H294C/H295C/H296C/H297C/H325C of Product: EPSON
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section easily terms that with the and that the text of this to other publications. AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the this technology, and to the function (ON). the AMX AMX Discovery The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio which the and to quality. to that of three and URL (Aspect Aspect Ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the that the and The type of commonly household to The brightness of the light and of increased or to and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to Network. DHCP sound Normal that which to this and of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and alternately. High-Definition that to high-definition which the following HDTV This (router) Network to of or or reception and (or Aspect Ratio of Gateway (Gateway Address) of whereby the from from top to to to to IP
The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and Refresh Rate international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to Definition that to which the HDTV SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP SSID with counterpart Wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID High-Definition This that the of the Network from the IP Address. type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of The of the of these (the of the Tracking. If Tracking The from If the match this the correctly, appear the Tracking The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP WPS of Protected Protected the as of easily and LAN. WPS type of with of that IBM computers. XGA
of their respective owners. and rights those Other only and or already IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International and the of the Microsoft of and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States. and of Apple Inc. WPA and WPA2 of the United States of America and other countries and areas. and DNX of Inc. of Corporation. Notice: photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of or or mechanical, information Neither Corporation. with to the of the rights of this reproduced, from the of the information contained Notes unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those The of this or without further this and the "EPSON the and the the of the GPL years the If to the of the GPL please the This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL of of this of GNU GPL PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
the that redistributors of free individually The terms and copying, and follow. the To this, rights with copyright the software, and offer of such whether or they, or the them these Also, each author's protection and to that everyone this which to and/or the and its to that what Finally, free threatened constantly software to clear that everyone's free or licensed the the rights that You that they the that introduced others that there warranty this free software. If the software the authors' they know their rights. software. The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL Notes The GNU as follows. You the GNU PWC950 SDK wireless_tools patches this The below, to such the copyright distributed the of or and based the the or translated another translation included without This to or other which the Each as copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION freedom to and free software--to the software of free software, to The software to freedom to and Foundation's software and to other whose authors to to that the freedom to the GNU to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or other Software Foundation software covered the GNU of free and that know these things. its users. This to of the Software instead.) You apply to Preamble Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE the Whether that what the Activities other than copying, and covered based the of this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or
the (or with based the of or You and the (or based Section from then offering to the to distributed the terms of Sections to the which distributed the terms of Sections and with written offer, least three years, to (This allowed only or the of Sections and with the machine-readable associated interface of another based the with third party, charge than of physically and software or, The the of the third to the with the as the distributed If of or offering to operating which the that include that normally distributed or the other the of this from the counts as of the though and the the to and of the Accompany it with the information received as to the offer to with the and of the or with such offer, with machine-readable of the software or, that of the following: the Subsection when such interactive the which based the the of the whole written rather, the to the right to You charge the physical of and as whole to third the of this sections of that from the and reasonably the of this section to rights or rights to of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the You or of the or of You the to that or from the or thereof, to You and of the as You that or publish, that whole or normally such based the that warranty) and that users redistribute the terms of this whose other to the or the of Section that and themselves, then this when the sections as of whole the these and the user to If the normally reads commands interactively when copyright and that there warranty (or ordinary to or including of this the interactive These apply to the as whole. If and its apply to those sections when them as each copyright and whole, and to each and of who wrote the of or based the based the and and such that conspicuously and option offer warranty protection fee. to the and the of of this with the of these Notes
to the to or other property right or to of such this section author/donor to or to software through of this which to it and If to incorporate of the other free whose to the of software distributed through the of protecting the of the software Each distinguishing If the of published the Software Foundation. If the The Software Foundation and/or of the of this choose from to write to the author to the option of following the and of that or that of that to the If the and/or of the restricted countries who the this geographical which people software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright the Software Foundation; this. It the of this section to induce to or incorporates the as written the of this or countries excluded. such this of free software and of promoting the and of This section to thoroughly clear what to the of the free of those that other and that choice. published the Software Foundation. of the of this software generally. If as to obligations If, as of or of or the from the to this otherwise to further the of the rights both and this would to from of the of the section to apply and the or its These actions this and other obligations, then as or the and terminate rights this who or Each redistribute the (or based the other reason to directly or indirectly through then the of this they from the of this royalty-free redistribution of the those who rights, from this their terminated this Therefore, or the or the to these and You to and its terms and copying, or You or the as You third (or based the of this the (whether or otherwise) that the nothing to or the You to this If of this section or section as whole to apply other as such the or based to this the Notes
Foundation; of the or option) This software; redistribute and/or the useful to with the library. If this what You should received of the GNU with with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This of the the commands You should as or MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the to "copyright the necessary. If the interactive, this when free software, and to redistribute to the GNU instead of this If subroutine library, This distributed the hope that WITHOUT this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., (which written The hypothetical commands and should the something other than and they mouse-clicks or terms of the GNU as published the Software Copyright (C) year of author This incorporating Inc., copyright the information to and ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MA USA. GNU items--whatever of of type interactive the NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. NO WARRANTY Notes the the to this to free software which everyone the of each to effectively the of warranty; and If and to of the to To the following to the It to them to each should least the "copyright" and to where the to the and of what to Apply These Terms to New Copyright (C) of author> redistribute and these found. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
these rights or to to these rights. These to the free library. Also, the and the to the that they them of the or rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or or that the software and Finally, software threat to the of free To rights, to that to restrictive from Therefore, This the to specially they, or the If other with the library, that obtained of the with To each to clear that there warranty of free software, to freedom of to that effectively the users of of software (and this service wish); that of the library, whether or fee, software packages--typically the Software Foundation and other should that what they the that the about whether this or the ordinary the the the rights that You that to that the freedom to of free and that that with the to the and authors who to You first think to based the below. author's affected that might them these terms they know their rights. the freedom of specified this introduced others. the library. these things. apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the "EPSON the and the If to the of the LGPL please the This includes the software which of of this of GNU LGPL Notes PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR the of the LGPL LGPL The GNU as follows. You the GNU SDL-1.2.13 Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February freedom to and free software--to the software free The software to freedom to and the GNU to Preamble its users. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the
This to software or other which distributed these terms. based the Library" You charge the physical of and Activities other than and covered to the of warranty; and of this with "library" of software and/or as containing the or of or with this they its The of using the to with (which of those based the of the of the of warranty; intact the that to this and restricted, and from such covered only its You and of the Library's the or copyright that to associated interface or the of Section that You or of the or of to library, the as that conspicuously and The "Library", below, to such software or which "Source the of the the copyright or other authorized the to and of the library. distributed the terms of this writing Whether that what the and/or translated straightforwardly another each copyright and "this as included without the based the Library, and and such and what the that the option offer warranty protection fee. and to of these the Library. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION Although the protective of the users' people to the whole GNU operating as as its the This the GNU with library, whether statically or shared library, the freedom than the ordinary It library. The ordinary therefore such there to the The terms and copying, and follow. other to non-free the fits its of The the of the combined of the this, non-free allowed to the library. there to the free to free software only, the of library, that becomes To These the reason the ordinary freedom and the wherewithal to that of the that free the as non-free this this to to the based the library" and to the GNU C non-free that the library". The from the library, GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU to and from the ordinary the this the to other free software of non-free that the of that with the the of people to of software. other with the library. whereas the combined with the to those non-free operating Library. Notes
that instead wish.) other Section or the of Sections and covered this Section terms of such Sections and software that the Library". isolation, the without the Library, or the that the Library" from header that though third to the with the that of the of the instead of this to of the Library. To this, instead of to this (If You and the (or or of than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then to with the or with the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU Once this that the then offering to the from Library), rather than that the library". The therefore machine-readable which distributed the of You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU though the Whether this This option when to of the of the of the Library, the the of the ordinary GNU to and the the to the that the Library" with the that of of the Library, that with the library. The threshold this to precisely If of offering to from of the Library, and therefore the of this from that that library. these notices. to that, the supply written rather, the to the right to If facility the to function or of to or this function optional: the the of this section to rights or rights to that the facility, other than as which based the Library, the of the whole You the to that Therefore, Subsection that function sections of that from the Library, and reasonably the terms of this whose other to the the (or with based the Library) of or and themselves, then this of another based the with when the sections as of whole when the facility then such function or the facility operates, and whatever You the whole of the to charge to the other the of this These apply to the as whole. If that of the and its terms, apply to those sections when them as supply the function whole, and to each and every of who wrote function to the of or based the Library. The software library. the and the of third the terms of this of its Notes
It that this the of other as this otherwise to both them and the together with the combined of the fact that of together with other covered or rights, from this their the with written offer, least three years, to of the based the and of the other the with of the based terminate rights this who that the already of these or that the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed operating which the that the the specified Subsection include anything that normally distributed or that normally the operating otherwise and that these things: the Library, with other This You with, or the this and such combined library, that the If of the offering to from offer to the specified with the and of the with, or the and terminated as such based the Library, and explaining where to the You that based the than the of this accompanying of the distributed the of the Sections already this that from the the that the Library" with the to containing of If such and (which distributed Sections and and, the containing this it and that the and its covered this You as reference directing the to the of this Also, already the rather than copying the Library, and that terms of choice, that Accompany the with the machine-readable length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether You with each of the that the the to the to notices, include the copyright the them, as supply of this If the displays copyright the including whatever the that the who the of containing that Section whether or they to the Sections or that of the with the Library. interface-compatible with the that the that the the and then to the of the Library, the the of the the customer's and containing the Library. (It and and functions or machine-readable that the Library", as and/or of the library, the as as the the the of Section the and properly with with the Library, with the such of the Section the directly with the of these things: with. Notes
Each distinguishing If the The Software Foundation and/or of the the option of following the and of that or If to incorporate of the other free whose of this which to it and incompatible with these, write to the author to of published the Software Foundation. If the this. the of to the to If the and/or of the restricted countries choose or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical from to incorporates the as written the of this or countries excluded. such this the free of of software and of promoting the Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; those that software which copyrighted the Software published the Software Foundation. and of software generally. or If as to obligations other property right or to of such this section If, as of or of or author/donor to or willing to software through based the Library), of this to the of the section to apply, and the to the of software distributed through the would the of protecting the of the software this Therefore, or the (or redistribute the (or based the Library), the this and other obligations, then as other reason to and its and copying, or of this they from the of this that of that to the directly or indirectly through then the or its These actions royalty-free redistribution of the those who both and this would to from of the which implemented people from the to It the of this section to induce to or of the rights You You further the (whether or otherwise) that the This section to thoroughly clear what to nothing to or the You to this If of this section or with or the to these terms and section as whole to apply other other and that choice. third with this of the of this the or based Library. Notes BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY
You should as or Inc., copyright the to "copyright the library, necessary. written of Coon>, of That's there to the OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO DAMAGES. Notes California, Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD This includes the software "University of BSD Software Distribution warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of BSD This from software contributed to of of each which of the Copyright The of the University of California. rights copyright to the BSD as follows. If library, and to of the to the To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to free software that everyone redistribute and warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to them to the of each to effectively the of change. You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary to Apply These Terms to New where the found. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS Redistribution and and with or without Redistributions of the copyright this that the following of and the following Redistributions the copyright this Neither the of the University the of its of and the following the and/or to or products from this software without other with the written This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or Software Foundation; of the or option) This free software; redistribute and/or the with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., You should received of the GNU terms of the GNU as published the information to and to the library's and of what MA USA Copyright (C) of author>
NOT covered the copyright and instead the acknowledge somewhere that the and additions, or to the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that or publicity relating to this software or products from This as of from the If only distributed, then the accompanying NOT the of IJG author's or You that wrote this software. If These apply to software from or based the IJG This software "AS IS", and its the that "this software based the of the products, that warranty or to and this software (or with to this software, its accuracy, merchantability, or README included, with this copyright and no-warranty The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, to the library. If ought to acknowledge included this of L. include redistribute the This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights of this software the software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". responsibility the authors NO specifically and the of this software as the of If of the this software distributed, then this of its copyright of CA. thereof) without fee, to these IJG this than the clearly indicated accompanying LIABILITY of as to its and as specified below. the JPEG Group". IJG LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG of of each which of the Group's software. of and the accompanying copyright to the as follows. README the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which that this software please You this software whatever You to English: LEGAL ISSUES know!) This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below.
July through October Copyright and as with the following to the and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors If immediately following this and distributed to the Copyright COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: of Contributing Authors S. Raymond copyright the Software Foundation freely The CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe only the Huffman that without or this reason, arithmetic altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to with the LZW GIF reading It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered The Unix with GNU It IBM, AT&T, and Hence The IJG included to and write GIF To This the LZW the GIF from the free JPEG software. arithmetic as there its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely "The Graphics the Copyright property of than GIF the to that Incorporated." Notes There warranty interference with of the or of or This with and as with the following to the through March Copyright There warranty that or the and the of satisfactory performance, and and to the and with the following additions to the with the of Contributing Authors: Tom with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Andreas Distributed to the and as through Copyright The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. this and the the that included the This of the of the Copyright of and copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.)
Also, the PNG PNG of the OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source and and of the Source Initiative. to and this or "png_get_copyright" function "about" and exemplary, or which from the the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such through Copyright The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and hereof, without fee, to the following the of this as to the PNG Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, the of merchantability and of The Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and This Copyright or from or products. If this as such and The of this acknowledgment appreciated. as the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Inc. the following of BraceySam Tom the Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. (C) and Copyright software. of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following plainly as such, and that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would The of this software as the software. required. This or from
the of A. It include or Other authors noted the history that follows The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) to from RFC header rather than C++ from Martin Edited slightly TOC The and author of L. that the RFC as copyrighted. statically or If redistribute would that include the The written and If the would to The free without warranty of history information include third-party Notes warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. which the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of the terms and of the copyright to the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. This includes the software which The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. to to this software including and to it and redistribute freely, to the plainly as such, and This or from that wrote the software. If this software of of each which of the acknowledgment the would The of this software This the MD5 RFC whose text Copyright (C) rights as the software. of MD5 (RFC copyright to the as follows. L. required. following software. The copyright and this included software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software granted, of charge, to of this of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to of of each which of the without restriction, including without the rights to publish, with modifications, and/or Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. to the following copyright to the as follows. or of the Software.
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER or otherwise to the or other as this the of the copyright PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ABOVE OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR this Software without written authorization. Notes
Indicators........................................................ Info IP Address................................................. input A/V Index DHCP.............................................................. Direct On............................................ Background...................................... cover....................................................... Hours.................................................... ESC/VP21....................................................... foot....................................... Brightness Blackboard...................................................... Brightness....................................................... Saturation............................................. Computer1 Computer2 Connecting USB Devices.............................. Contrast........................................................... mount fixing Cleaning the Cleaning the and C Notification............................................ Mic Mic Address..................................... function................................................. High How to the to the Network Network Protect.............................................
Theatre............................................................ Tint.................................................................. Trap IP the operating Others Operation........................................................ Optional Overheating.................................................... Protect........................................ Security Security Sharpness........................................................ SMTP Soft Source.............................................................. Source Search........................................... Specifications.................................................. Sports............................................................... SSID................................................................. Supported Displays........................ Info......................................................... and Protect............................................ Shape................................................. On Protect.......................................... Presentation.................................................... Projection........................................................ Wired LAN Wireless LAN Wireless Rear.................................................................. Rear Remote Rear foot.......................................................... Refresh