EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and and Corner of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and service and and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Inc. CPD-16107R5 Information Copyright Notice
EPSON theater-grade that offers to ANSI of brightness. of and the 1.4-inch LCD ratio low-brightness incredibly From to and clear bright includes these features: Connectivity EPSON connected to four and to of the You include sound each of the the easily switch them. Complete the to charge of the action, of the or the as or to the You of to and With the PC to and the EasyMP.net (optional; The optional EasyMP.net offers browsing, access, wireless and of Microsoft slideshows memory computer-free
If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. This the information to and Please follow these as through followed to injury. to to Notes information about Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. instructions to Includes this warranty brochures, and EPSON the with from the the or the Download and to EPSON
and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the world. and the warranty included customers who their EPSON offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or overnight the To the included and to EPSON. products, and service.
Unpacking the the the shown below: Projector* Rear cover software CD-ROM Remote AA VGA USB from to the the (or the when to the to another location.
Additional The with the or to the To to player, of these RCA BNC These usually included with the section Chapter to of the of You to purchase from EPSON or from To sound from from To to the Interface (DVI) DVI-D from EPSON optional DVI to DFP and Apple or the shown from EPSON; to VGA
Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product and V13H010L23 V13H134A02 EasyMP.net option board V12H114P01 Mounting mount Projection 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch Rear-projection throw to throw to throw (3RCAVGA) DVI to DVI DVI to DFP and ELPAP01 Remote ELPKC28 Distribution ELPDA01 ATA ELPKS47 security ELPSL01 High ELPDC02 High V12H064020 You purchase these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPMB41 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 V12H004R02 V12H004W02 V12H004S02 V12H004M01 V12H004M02 V12H004L04 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPKC20 ELPKC21
the his chapter information the where to it and to to (such as VCR or DVD or to or Follow the instructions this chapter Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to Connecting sound through the the as wireless the
You mount the the or projection. the Positioning the If the and isnt already the theater or to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to If the to the below to the with that increases with the and other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the isnt this the shaped, instead of or If this the Corner function to the You the anywhere the and top of the and then the to or the If the below to its This the to its the the as height the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from EPSON; Optional Accessories
RCA BNC VGA (RGB the Connecting to You to to the the to its If RCA Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB VGA or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source that connecting RGB the highest of the next-best and finally RCA connecting to: to the as as to sound through the
Connecting Source RCA usually with the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned to as the to the
the Connecting Source with or purchase from EPSON; the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned to as the to
Connecting Source included with the of the If they (BNC) to the If they RCA to BNC to the the (with the to and the BNC the Match the (or to the the If to sound through the instructions If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned to the following: the then the BNC to or as exiting the BNC as the to the BNC
the Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to that RGB the type of to the If VGA below. If three R/G/B, Connecting BNC Connecting VGA Computer the VGA with the the to the and the or the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned to: the then the Computer1 (or Computer2 to exiting the (or as the to
Connecting BNC BNC included with the to and the R/G/B the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the to: the then the BNC to exiting the BNC as the to the
The of and to the instructions. the Connecting to You the to that VGA, BNC, or DVI-D (or DFP) including PC and computers, and and hand-held You to four the To to the or VGA To the BNC To the DVI Interface) to: USB the as to the as as on-screen necessary to
Connecting to the or Follow these instructions to to or both of the the VGA that with the of the to the or the other to or Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned to: the then the Computer1 (or to (this the exiting the (or as the to the If or and cant the to to the as shown from EPSON;
The or they H/C and the Connecting to the BNC the type of BNC (these If VGA VGA5BNC If through BNC 5BNC5BNC the to the BNC as shown. the red, and to the and the Then the the H/C and the other to or Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned to: the then the BNC to (this the exiting the BNC as the to
Connecting to the DVI DVI-D (this commercially that of DVI offered the to the the to the DVI as shown. the other to DVI Optionally, sound through the or USB to the as If to other Chapter instructions turning the and the Once the turned to DVI as the to the optional DVI to DFP from EPSON;
the the If or the VGA when to If to to the VGA to from EPSON; To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the VGA Then the (with the the Tighten the screws the
Connecting the Remote If connected as this chapter, the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to To the wireless function, USB and of these operating and XP OS to OS the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB USB the using the of to Left-click Right-click
The from connected or LCD to the correctly. If the If the refresh to or the Connecting If to the as as the You to or switch the A/V to off the To to the as shown: Follow these to the The displays the currently selected Press the to the active the To to (or preview) the A/V first the necessary the then the A/V option to Black to or to from connected A/V You the while the turned the to Network ON
Sound Through the You sound through the or (Attaching to the instead of directly to the the to the sound.) Connecting to the To sound through the follow these the connecting included with the Which connected: If connected to the or DVI the If connected to the BNC, or RCA the to the to the connected the other of the to the connector(s) or RCA the If connected to the BNC to to the the sound,
the Connecting To to the follow these the to with of to (such as the included with the or to purchase or to to the of the to the the the other of the to You to to the The internal while sound to the
and the from or or with the optional EasyMP.net, to follow to the Follow the this chapter Turn the and the the the and the
To the the correctly and from overheating. and the the and other as Chapter Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning the If connected or the the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to turn the the the as shown below. The light flashing and
Press the top of the the the (If this first using the the and the switch the of the turned The light flashes as the and to appear about seconds. the light flashing and about the ready If connected Windows-based to the New found and the Turn warning the when the This and
To and the If to appear, You to the and the Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected to the (such as or DVD or EasyMP.net that option If the the Source buttons the or the The Source as follows: The Source buttons. the Computer/DVI to switch connected to the and DVI (or to EasyMP.net, that option the to switch connected to the and BNC The Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each that the and BNC to input RGB or RGB connected to of these to the selected to match the You the input the
Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If or with the the following: the correctly, as the light and flashing and the cover off. If connected than and/or to of the Source buttons the or the to the (Allow seconds the to the button.) If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and the the and follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or with such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the and the
and the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If using OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected. Select the VGA
If using OS to You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the Select as shown. (Allow the to the selection.) Click Click Select and the
The and when the wide-angle and the the Once to To or below. If the too high or too If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Focusing and the the (or the to the the buttons to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the instructions.
the Height of If the too the the This the the height of the If to the further, the the the To or the the buttons the (or the the If to the further, the the Press the foot release buttons each and the front of the and the The buttons when the wide-angle
foot The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the Height as and the Once the where release the to the If necessary, the or the height turning the the the to or manually the as the section. the or the directly front of the of the and the (instead of the upward) to the If this isnt of these to the If the the right and only, correction as below. If the its using Corner You both correction and Corner the Correction To when the right and of the following: the buttons the to the
the the the and From the and Then and the as corrected, the slightly shorter. If necessary, stretch the to its using the Height Corner Corner to the when Press the the (or the Select the and From the and Select Corner and You this Press the to the to the the (or the arrow buttons the to the and as to corners. SC to the and the information the
You this to The with and the Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the (or the the This the and
the finished using the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If connected or first; otherwise to to properly. To off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes about as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the Turn off and the If the the to them. the and the cord. and the the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If to the If using the the cord. To off If to Network ON the off the OFF? Press Press other To the or the when the light or flashing
and the
information and to the professional to includes of to of them the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as or to highlight You as wireless when from this easily when To further to or and then as the or the when the A/V This chapter covers: Activating and using the the and sound Highlighting with the Creating
If the than seconds, the operating to Releasing the operation. Activating and the Remote The on/off switch its as shown. using the as then the on/off switch to it Turn off the transporting or this the from something of the buttons. the the front or back of the or the within about of the If to the from the light to the buttons the light temporarily. the bright or sunlight, or the properly. On/off switch
the Navigation The buttons that the and they the to highlight If connected the of about freely while ESC the buttons to features, the following to highlight to the of to the If the EasyMP.net option, these buttons to the features. The buttons that its ESC Arrow buttons
Giving If than the selected onesby using the ID To to the ID to match that of the of the the ID to the ID The ID If to follow these Press the the You the the Advanced2 and highlight ID Brightness High Advanced1 Advanced2 About Select Select ESC ESC Press the right or of the to increase or the ID Press to the SC to the ID Network COM COM RS-232C USB ON OFF OFF RGB RGB BNC Termination
the ID The ID If to follow these Press the ID the You light Press of the numbered the to the ID through Select to or to match the ID of the to The ID light off and the ID If to the ID, the following: Press the ID the flashes. Count the of flashes; this to the ID. Giving
the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the the of the If the responding to the the following: the on/off switch (shown the ON Press the light and to the buttons the light (If bright to them light.) If the buttons light the as below: Turn the the cover AA the first. the cover back
the and Sound You and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the brightness and Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the On the there Source buttons: Press the Computer/DVI to switch connected to the and DVI (or to EasyMP.net, that option the to switch connected to the and BNC On the there Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each that the and BNC to input RGB or RGB connected to of these to the selected to match the You the input the the the appears. You the and sound as Chapter Source buttons
as the highlight surrounds the the currently selected You the the to highlight and then to Giving Sources You the function to the Press the You the currently selected the as shown. other (including the currently selected the right and the If connected to or there incoming the that appears Currently selected Press of the Source buttons the to switch to the SC to the without switching
Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and (If connected to the This to temporarily redirect without the of bright To off the the A/V The To the back the You such as the whenever the A/V Action You the to the action or Press the to the action and the the The sound Press the to You of the using the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to about. Press the to the SC to to the A/V buttons
to or to the BNC, and/or Chapter Select connected to the If from connected to the DVI, or BNC the This from the or the the or to the DVI, or or BNC and the the connected to the or Then the Press the the and the Highlight the to or then Press SC to the the displayed, then follow these to and the Press the the the to the the buttons to reduce or Once the located and the the the finished the the or The
the Brightness If the of the to too You to using the Press the the To the brightness to lower, the to highlight the Advanced2 Press Brightness and then choose High or Press the SC when the To the brightness, the to highlight the Press Brightness then the as Press SC when to the the of the To the the or If necessary, the tone the To temporarily off the sound (and the A/V
Highlighting You to something the or straight or to There three choose from, and each the To the the Effect the appears the If to of the to the Three options the of each the the to the the To straight the where the to and the to where the to and To the the of the then and the lights. Then the to the and the Press SC when If to and SC to clear the
the You the and of each of the three the and of the with each and the the Press the the highlight the Effect and You this Select Select each of the three the following of the following Rate the of the the of the using the Changes the You the to the the SC to from the Rate Advanced1 Rate Advanced2 About Rate
To the about lights. Then the to the where to release with the If connected as Chapter the of This when and other slideshow-style to to the to to Left-click Right-click To the this to USB and the While this the to through slideshow. or to
Creating You from or to the and then it as You as the to when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the the to It from or such as DVD or Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Effect Advanced1 Advanced2 About Select the shown right, and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and You off the when there or when or the as
To to A/V Black as the A/V the arrow to and then the as appears, and Confirm as the or DVD while the the Completed, SC to to the Choosing to the as the or the when theres or when the A/V Press the to the already displayed). To as the highlight the Advanced then Select highlight ON then To the or A/V with the following Highlight the then Select the which to appear: Highlight to (instead of when there incoming from the currently selected Highlight A/V to appear when the A/V Select then This as the to displayed. to instead.) finished, SC to
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the and the the sound the
You the the to the ESC Arrow buttons button the the You the (or the to the and Follow these To the the button. You to the shown below (the from those shown the selected input The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of options. of the options or the selected
highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the then the the SC to and to the (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their the The option the ID, Network, and
The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness of the Select Brightness the Advanced2 then choose High or (the High Selecting the the of the the the Quality You the to the brightness, sharpness, and If from through the DVI there Press the the then the You the (the the selected input the to highlight the option, then as Brightness or the the light and areas. If from to the the automatically; or and then to the yourself. Sharpness the sharpness of the
RGB there to the button If correct, the the (or the the This the and If further these manually as below. Tracking and the If of (such as or or or of the heavy or You the Tracking and manually: the with containing when these to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. Press the the then the the Tracking to the or right of the These to RGB through the DVI the
the the to reduce the or right of the to the tracking first the If stretched, partially off, or completely the the match that of to the the automatically; or and then to the yourself. the If the slightly off or exactly. You this to Preset the Once the the the them as group, of of the From the Preset and to Press then to overwrite. Press SC to the The the the Preset the to (Press the Preset repeatedly to the to the Preset to
the and Whether from or player, these to the and of the fits the normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the the the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the switches the aspect ratio and This or recorded the the of the the or to If or the the Sharpness the If the slightly off or exactly. You this to the If stretched, compressed, or correctly the should try the first
the the The to the the the and the or the the Select displays (the when from with or of the other You each and/or the the intensity, from black-and-white to the the of to the Advanced1 the Select to and K. RGB to red, and as shown. (Not selected as the Black the Advanced1 the of without affecting the brightness of light White the Advanced1 the of light without affecting the brightness of
the Sound You the to the sound or Press the the then the You the the to highlight the option, then as the You the the
the You the to the input or off the the and other features. these to the of these should normally the factory the Computer1, Computer2, and BNC Computer1 the the the type of connected to the that RGB Computer2 the Select the the type of connected to the as BNC the Select the the type of connected to the BNC that outputs RGB that NTSC player that HDTV the this PAL PAL60 You this only displaying through the or the Advanced1 This to the to recorded
(fps) and to appearance; or to Selecting OFF without them to which the of that of BNC Termination the Advanced2 This should normally OFF TTL input). If required, as the to ON Communication These options the and from the Advanced1 Select Network ON to the to and as Chapter when turned This the connected to the The when this Network the Advanced2 Used the Chapter If the assigns automatically, DHCP off DHCP and the IP and Gateway If to the SNMP and least IP COM the Advanced2 Used with EMP software. Select RS-232C or USB the the this or the Press the the to the
the that with the Turn off the and then back the to the Selects or to when the The displays that to the Prompt the Turns off the text that appears when switch or (Its to this the the off the input Turn off the to the (this the Rear the Advanced1 Turn to from the Advanced1 Turn when the mounted from the the Advanced1 Select from to the
You to through such as HP to EPSON, then IP the SNMP option the the from Remote software and from (The topics covered this chapter EMP to switch and EMP NetworkManager to to To the software, first as Then and each to This chapter covers the following: the software the to EMP EMP NetworkManager the from Remote
The software the from Remote the Software The software CD-ROM includes the software to the EMP and EMP Network the software, these Microsoft SE, NT (service or or XP IBM with least MMX II or recommended) At least 256MB of RAM At least 7MB of free XGA or and the Software Follow these to the software: the software CD-ROM CD-ROM You this Click
Click the to to the If to when the option to EMP Network highlighted, then the Follow the instructions the to If to to the from this the option EMP and the the software, the to Once these from the from Remote If to the software, the the
the the Advanced1 off, or to or the the from Remote Connecting and the the EMP software to to each to to and with IP the to or the to the the as shown. Ethernet To Turn the Press the the and Network from the Advanced2 Brightness High ID Network Effect COM ON OFF Advanced1 BNC Termination Advanced2 About About Select Select If assigns automatically, DHCP RS-232C USB ON OFF Select Network
If automatically, turn off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To using the the lights, then the shown below. To the from the the right and arrow buttons to the of the to then the and arrow buttons to increase or the Increase or Select the the of the to the the the or the the This the SC to the the from Remote If the SNMP option to IP This the using
the from Remote EMP EMP to from This easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software as The to the should already connected to and Closing EMP To the EMP from the If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP To EMP right-click the shown then to Follow these EMP as You this Click to Click
Click as shown. You this Click to currently operating the and the and found the as shown below: Select the to clicking their Then and the Click Click the from Remote If the of appear, or its existing EMP NetworkManager
To from the highlight the and To when turned Network ON as the the the from Remote You the EMP The EMP the Source, and shown below. This which currently used, from which (or they and Source information, the and
The following the meaning of the Projecting; Turned off; Turned off; The following the of the Network connected to or disconnected). You this off BNC DVI the from Remote
To turn when selected Network ON as the the the from The following the of the recommended to (the nearing the of its life; High-speed cooling (the too to Overheating turned off automatically) or cover The the and off the and the to of its selected the to (with the clicking of the buttons.
the If to the information about the Refresh the EMP You often EMP the From the You this Select the and OK the from Remote If the to whenever to
the from EMP NetworkManager You EMP NetworkManager to notifying when with EMP NetworkManager, the software as Then follow the below to each to Selecting the to To the EMP NetworkManager from the You this If to the already EMP displayed as as shown:
If to manually and its IP the selection You this the IP and The to the EMP NetworkManager You to to each from EMP NetworkManager: Right-click the of the whose to then to characters length. the from Remote
The or to to to To Network ON as the the the from Creating the If EMP NetworkManager already from the You displayed as shown: Double-click the the whose to created EMP NetworkManager to the and this that the correct. to the (turning off DHCP the
You the to characters alphanumerics only, including the the EMP and EMP NetworkManager. This than Click You this Select ON the the IP and of the SMTP (The from to to three where the to Click the to each then the which to Click OK then the Confirm as the with the heading TEST MAIL to the The and IP included the of the the EMP NetworkManager. (It to to or received.) the from Remote reported when input to If the normally as which to
If to the the from the If to each of the using EMP NetworkManager. The includes the heading EPSON the The of the the of the the IP of the The to the reported EMP If appears the that occurred. appears when the or
of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean. or smears the You to clean the the of the to cool the The should the and (when with If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the Transporting the the
the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the The that should cleaned to If the become clogged, the overheat and Clean the three months, or every hours of them often the Cleaning the To the follow these the as the and and office to from the the back the its screws, and the cover. the touching the of the from the to overheat and prematurely.
included. You should the when the the Cleaning the To the follow these Turn off the and the cord. to the If the with such as paintbrush. If the to or the as the section. or EPSON the United States to ones. please the Turn the ceiling-mounted). the them to the
each from its releasing the as shown. the the with the each the assembled back the the
You the and Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of this warning the cool the that the and should to injury. the the The typically from to hours, the Brightness Selecting the brightness the life. It to the when: The or to The LAMP REPLACE appears the and the warning light flashes The light flashes (the burnt or EPSON the United States V13H010L23 please Follow these to the Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately If the mounted the the cover. Release to rear cover
the cover screws to them the Then the cover. the three screws the cant them). the as shown and the straight Gently the Once the its screws and the cover. (The the cover the as the section. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the touching the of the from the to overheat and prematurely. included. This to them
The shows 0H the least hours. the the the to the the Press the the (or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight About then You this Effect Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 Advanced2 About About Select Select Select then You this Select then finished, SC or to 1400H Source Computer1 Computer1 SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
Transporting the The heavy and and Follow these to or hand-carrying the should the to to To the or the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell and then firm cushioning around the optional from EPSON; Its to off the carrying This the from something of the buttons. the The heavy when to physical or injury. EPSON incurred
the
You on-screen the the or Follow the instructions the his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. If the correctly, first its lights and If with the or sound, the This chapter covers the following: Checking the lights with the or sound with the Contacting technical
Checking the If with the the following: the lights the top of the (as below). The lights often about the of the You the About This information about the and currently selected input What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light If the to indicating the of lights the the then follow the recommended
this to the lights, then follow the instructions provided: lights flashing off Light and If lights the connected securely both the outlet and the If the the cover securely the light the Press the to the light flashing the the to appear. the light the operating normally. the light flashing the cooling the light flashing and If to back the light the and lights flashing, the too this that the clogged. Clean or as the C) and there of around and the
lights flashing off Light and the and lights red, the overheated, which off the automatically. about the to cool, then the cord. that the clogged. Clean or as the F C) and there of around and the Then the back and the If the to overheat, EPSON Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. the light and the light flashing red, there with the or the and EPSON the light and the light flashing the the of its life. To operation, should as as the light and the light flashing red, the as If these lights the the and the cover attached. If three lights red, the internal the and EPSON
the About Screen the About to information the of and the of hours the used. To the About Press the You the Highlight the About and You the hours and input the right: The typically from to hours, the selected Brightness If the shown to that, (The shows the least hours.) If to the The information the input currently selected.
with the or Sound You the If trying to the using the the switched off (theres on/off switch its or the the instead. the properly connected, then the light to the The light flashes about as the and then operation. (If the lights The projecting Press the A/V the to the off temporarily. The If the light the to the The attached or the If the the and the cover securely reattached, or the If turned off the cooling the light flashing and then the to the back
You the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter If connected turned and If connected to You to the (the to which connected). To switch the Source the or Allow seconds the to the connected the and the You to to both its LCD and through its You the Supported displayed. the selected the It should normally to UXGA and the the If necessary, to
The stretched, off, or the Press the the to the the or aspect If connected to the or BNC the input selected. Select the the type of or If from the the or the the This the and (To these yourself, If from the This the to the (the right or Access (as would to other then off or You to the the slightly off-center The isnt the If the the the the top. retracting the that the and then the to the height of the If to the the with the If the the from the or right, the the the of the facing the squarely. If cant the this the the the
The or If using the selected the If using the the or the the This the and If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and through the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to using the from to If from the the or the the This the and the Sharpness the should to the the immediately.
of the used, exactly match the or The of the right. If connected to the or BNC the selected the Selecting the to appear or Press the the the options to the and lighting You further the using the to the the the of its life, the become and the to the to the and the There sound. the A/V the to the sound-level. the sound connected properly the should connected to the headphone or the turned the or muted. On PC, to this clicking the the lower-right of the
with the Remote The to commands. the turned the switch its the ID matches the ID of the to If know the ID, the ID to this with If the than seconds, the Releasing the operation. The correctly or To the batteries, within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to or right and or below). the lights and off the sunlight. lighting, lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. connected and cant the with the the securely connected to both USB and the USB
Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Where To EPSON technical through services hours as the following Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
information A: his the location, such as theater or and Mounting The four front or as shown: mounting Rear To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to the Advanced1 to the upside-down. To from the rear, Rear If the (anywhere the and the top of the the function to the of the on-screen the A:
If the wide-angle to the or You the to the height, and correction used). aspect Projection height inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to inches inches to to The aspect ratio the height reduced. Projection to the from the to the The the or the or the function. A: than the or to the which electronically. If mount the the screen to to the the This the to its the using the function the or the the and to the below to know the of to information about other
the this section to the and of the the type of with which Rear Projection the with the function, as indicated the and (V12H004S02) to inches to Projection to inches to To the when know the To the when know the Rear (V12H004R02) to inches to Projection to to To the when know the To the when know the Projection (V12H004W02) to inches to to inches to To the when know the To the when know the A: inches. The to the of If to the of from its or or with
A: Throw (V12H004M01) to inches to Projection to to To the when know the To the when the Throw (V12H004M02) to inches to Projection to to To the when the To the when know the Throw (V12H004L04) to inches to Projection to to To the when know the To the when know the
Converting and or The the previous the of to its these to the of from its or height: height these to the width or height of from its Height Converting and The the previous that If to first to the of the Since the aspect ratio the height reduced when If the height of the to to the of the Then the to the If already the to the of to the height of the as high as A:
that the from A: the Rear If mounting the the the cover to the appearance of the To the cover, its the as shown, then the cover the To the cover (when the and or disconnecting release the locking the of the cover as shown: If to each ID This the the to each If of business and to to and them the from Remote Computer To release the
B: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inches F=1.7 to to (XGA) reproduction Brightness ANSI (high ANSI brightness ratio (high brightness) brightness) to inches to using the to to using the Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio and ratio correction B: Technical Specifications
B: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) hours brightness); hours (high brightness) V13H010L23 about Battery AA inches including inches inches Rated AC to VAC to VAC Supports USB
to 104F to 40C) to F to C) Humidity to RH, to to United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN Computer Assignments The Computer1 and RGB, their assignments: Synchronous GND GND GND SDA GND GND GND SCL GND to RH, B: Technical Specifications
B: Specifications Compatible You of the following VCR, DVD or The and RGB and the (HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The these international Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV (525P) SDTV TV TV Compatible You the to of computers, including and Apple Macintosh, (including G3 and G4 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. Although displayed the of from VGA through UXGA. To from the refresh thats with the the following
the should to match the If this isnt of the other Right-click the the and through to the Advanced the then the of the OS On the Apple choose then or and Sound Click the and OS From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected, then the and You to existing created them software The these Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGA120 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 B: Technical Specifications
B: Technical Specifications Refresh Rate XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA48i UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21
C: Notices his includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the near outlet where the easily the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. C: Notices
C: Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to 104F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that C: Notices
C: Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-8300
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes C: Notices
C: Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the purchaser of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously refurbished to the EPSON of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than This warranty EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON
carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA C: Notices
C: Notices
A/V to A/V About Accessories, cleaning and replacing, to Anti-theft Aspect troubleshooting, turning off A/V Battery, Blurry Brightness, Brightness C A/V, to to to to USB, to to mount, to Cleaning to Communication options, selecting input (RCA) assignments, Computers supported, Connecting to to to to to to to Connector assignments, Declaration of Conformity, restoring, Macintosh, and to from to to the to DVI software, to to EasyMP.net option, specifications, to EMP software, to to EMP NetworkManager software, to to
specifications, EPSON Support, technical connecting, FCC Focusing, Foot release Height of to Highlighting to HP to, to to and to correcting to focusing, height, to to with, troubleshooting, to to to selecting to correcting, to and to turning off A/V selecting, to to software, to anti-theft correction, to of hours used, replacing, to light, to to cleaning, options, specifications, to Lights, to to About, to to to to connecting, EMP to EMP NetworkManager, to HP
Navigation buttons, Network to New to selecting, to function, assignments, tool, to Positioning to to specifications, light, to with Presentations to to function, Support, to to sound, cleaning, Connecting features, to from to height with, to (continued) specifications, remotely, to options, to to to specifications, to troubleshooting, to turning off, turning to information about, ID, Prompt Corner, to Rear-screen Remote as wireless ID, information, buttons, battery, slideshow with, specifications, troubleshooting, to to options, to Restoring
instructions, to specifications, from to to SNMP Network Software installation, to Sound troubleshooting, Source, selecting, to specifications, connecting, Specifications brightness, to to creating, to lights, to action, Technical Switching to Synchronization, Technical light, to Tracking, Troubleshooting cut-off and and sound to to to to Turning off (using A/V Turning off USB to to supported, to to selecting to assignments, Warning lights, to Warranty, to Wireless
Index
EasyMP.net option below) lights Foot release arrow buttons to Activates and off Switches connected to Press and to arrow buttons to and sound PM Remote cover foot selects option to previous on-screen or aspect ratio and sound optics Remote section of A/V buttons and sound Light and as or to selections Activates active optics sound and the and off On/Off switch the and off R/C ON OFF A/V the Selects or on-screen Source Source Switch connected to Press to to ID ID
Foot release foot arrow to selects option Activates sound optics EasyMP.net option below) lights and off Switches connected to Press and to arrow to Tracking and PM and section of A/V buttons and sound cover Light buttons and as buttons or to selections Activates active to previous optics on-screen sound or aspect ratio and sound the and off On/Off switch the and off R/C ON OFF A/V the Selects or on-screen Source Source buttons Switch connected to Press to to ID ID