Turn On the to the back of the and the other grounded the cover. the cover the the that with the and them as shown. Then the cover. the ON/OFF switch to the To the the or the The once, and the light flashes and then CAUTION: the the properly: Press the the cool while the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the the To the the foot release the front foot and the front. Release the to the foot EPSON Press the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the facing the squarely, or the or Tracking buttons the If or the or the to Choose to to the To to If connecting to below. To If wirelessly the back of this ON/OFF switch You the TM software and and wirelessly. instructions. To memory If connecting to turned the and the as sections and the that with the to the the other to or If cant the to to instructions. Press the Search the displayed. Turn
EPSON Turn On the to the back of the and the other grounded the cover. the the the that with the and them as shown. Then the cover. ON/OFF the switch to the To the the or the The once, and the light flashes and then CAUTION: the the properly: Press the the cool while the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the the To the the foot release the front foot and the front. Release the to the foot Press the buttons to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the facing the squarely, or the or Tracking buttons the If or the or the to Choose to to the To to If connecting to below. To If wirelessly the back of this ON/OFF switch You the TM software and and wirelessly. instructions. To memory If connecting to turned the and the as sections and the that with the to the the other to or If cant the to to instructions. Press the Search the displayed.
If or the trying to from the light the and flashing, and the off. If the or the Search the If active, the A/V the the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD If and the the following: the CRT/LCD or function as If this the both the LCD and (Allow seconds the to OS X: From the Apple Preferences then Select the VGA or LCD the (or and Click this OS or From the Apple then or and Sound Click the then top of the other; this both the and the LCD If this option isnt the and Click If correctly, the the to If wirelessly... Follow the this section to or wireless from XP, or OS or NOTE: You already the (EMP NS software and and the instructions. Also, or or turned the and the as sections and the front of this Select as the pressing the the the with the facing upward, as shown. the of the NOTE: the Other and to the other Once the the displays this: (optional) From the EMP NS OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications If this the and IP or wireless and OK You this Select If the properly, listed. If listed, If appear, the Once the of appears, and If the four that appear the Network and OK the the top of this to the You the transmitted to the and floating appears the with the Where To Telephone Services service, and To the the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services through services hours and to and of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-18221R1 Printed XXXXXXXXX Click to
Click this If or the trying light the to from the and flashing, and the cover off. If the Search screen or the the If active, the the A/V the and the the function that It such as CRT/LCD or If and the the following: or CRT/LCD the function as the If this both the LCD and (Allow seconds the to Preferences Apple From the OS X: LCD or VGA Select the then and (or the checked. Apple From the OS or Click the and Sound or then then top of the other; this both the and the LCD and If this option isnt the Click If correctly, the the to If wirelessly... Follow the this section to or wireless from XP, or OS or You already the (EMP NS NOTE: software and and instructions. Also, the or network or turned the and the as sections and the front of this Select as the the the the with the facing as shown. the of the the Other NOTE: and to Once the the this: (optional) From the EMP NS OS X: Double-click the EMP NS Applications If this the and IP or wireless and OK You this Select If the properly, If listed, If appear, the Once the of appears, and If the four that appear the Network and OK the the top of this to the You the transmitted to the and floating appears the the other with Disconnect the Where To Telephone Services service, and To the the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services through services hours and to and of Corporation. and of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-18221R1 Printed XXXXXXXXX Click to