WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and 3LCD and EasyMP, Corner, and Wall of Corporation. and and and service of Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-18223R2
easy-to-use, lightweight that offers to of brightness and ratio incredibly and clear You to of and or wired LAN Ease of The correction and Corner features and Wall function and without of of The focuses the These features to the Complete the to charge of the action, of the or the as or to the You of to and Microsoft With the PC to remotely and the Security To unauthorized this includes security features including and the to the buttons.
This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. the instructions to and to or Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Access technical information, including and to
If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight. the To the included and to products, and service. Welcome
You these which the the the shown below: Remote and VGA USB to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying information, and instructions. Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other You purchase from software CD-ROM
and the shown from below.) to VGA Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L31 V13H134A07 ATA hardshell ELPKS35 ELPKS52 Samsonite wheeled mount Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 Projection 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down ELPAP01 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 V12H162020 High V12H064020 You purchase these from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPMB36 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09
and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the Turning off the
You mount the the or and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded outlet or cord. TBD
Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the the the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or Screen and the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from Optional Accessories
The light indicating If the Direct ON (as the light flashes when the light flashing and the ready. to and the the and other as the or or other installations). Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning On the Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the of the the and the other grounded light
If the light the top of the the the to the The once and the light flashes as (If this first the the and the ON/OFF switch the of the turned The the and then displays The light flashing and If connected Windows-based to the New found plug-and-play If prompted to Turn and the warning the when the This and To electricity and the the function. This off the and reduces whenever the information.
To and the If to appear, and the Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected (such as or DVD If the the Source Search the or the repeatedly the to the You using the Source buttons the or the as follows: The Source buttons. the Computer/Component to switch to the Computer/Component the to switch connected to the and The four Source buttons. them to switch to the each (The TM You to the
Troubleshooting Follow these You Cant If the trying to the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the off. If than and/or to of the Source the or the to the (Allow seconds the to pressing the If PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the and the
and the If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected.
If using OS to OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Click Select and the
foot and the the Once to If the too high or too below. If the To or If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter the Height of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning the the the to or manually the as the section.
You the the or the to and the and as as the Wall to then You to of the to Focusing and the turned this off), the buttons the or to the the the or to reduce or the Press the the or the top the to increase the and the the or the to If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. and the
correction correction Corner correction and the the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, of these If the (top, or right), using the buttons the or the If the its Corner You both correction and Corner the
Correction To when the following: the of the the four buttons. Press the whose the of the of the with the of the the the the and From the and H/V and then and Select or and the the to the as buttons and the The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the to the aspect
You this to The with and the Correcting If connected to and the right, the the This the and If appear the and the the the the while the Tracking or the Tracking If the appears or and the the the while the or the
the finished the follow these to Turn off the To off the the the or You If to off, other button or seconds the to Press the The off and the light as the cools the cooled, the off. If to the the If the front foot, the foot release to the and the cord. If its ON/OFF switch to OFF and the Turn the off when using Continuous reduce its life. The Direct allows to off from such as switch. This installations. or table-top the as as turn off. (The cooling Then the and You the to the immediately turning off.
and the the Direct ON Function The Direct ON function Its mounted switch that connected to the outlet the to and off. or table-top the to You the to the immediately turning off. Follow these to Direct ON: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct ON and Highlight ON and Press or to With Direct ON when the or the the light flashes and then indicating the ready.
information and to the professional to the Remote includes of to of them the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You to corrections that or as wireless when from This chapter covers: Turning and using the the and sound Projecting without with the Highlighting
If than seconds, the operating to release the the Remote Turning On and the Remote The ON/OFF switch its as shown. the as then the ON/OFF switch to Turn off the or this the from something of the buttons. the the front or back of the or the within of the If to the from the light to the the light temporarily. the bright or sunlight, or the properly. ON/OFF switch
the If the to the the following: the ON/OFF switch the ON Press the light and to the buttons the light (If bright to them light If the buttons light the as below: Turn the Press the of the cover as the cover off. AA the first. the cover back the Remote the following the as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the using the of
You the to the and sound as Source buttons the the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Source Search the or repeatedly the the On the there other Source buttons: Press the Computer/Component to switch connected to the Computer/Component or the to switch connected to the and On the there four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each the the appears.
Sources You from each connected to the Press the button You the currently selected displayed the as shown below. other (including the currently selected the right and the If to there incoming or the of the that appears Currently selected Press of the Source buttons the to switch to the Press to the and the or to the screen without switching MP the Remote displayed as the highlight surrounds the the currently selected the the to highlight and to
If already warning To and Corner instead, to If with the corrections the to the to its the Remote the the using Corner: Press the the (or the the and From the and Select Corner and You this Press the to the to the the (or the arrow the to the and as to corners. the the or to the If Corner selected the the Corner appears whenever the buttons. You then follow through to the of or to Corner.
Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound and This useful to temporarily redirect without the of bright To off the the A/V The To the back the You such as to the whenever the A/V Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the the If connected to of the and to the the This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the
The function RGB the Remote of You of the the buttons the Press the the You indicating the of the the to the the of the to the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its If from connected to the the This from connected to the or the the or to the and the the connected to the or Then the Press the the and the Highlight and then the to Subscreen and the to choose or then Press to the
the displayed, then follow these to and the Press the the the to the Once the the the button; the finished the or The the To the the or of the If necessary, the tone using the the Remote You the the to the To temporarily off the sound and the A/V
If the that Wall off, the Wall to the Remote Without Screen and without of that the of the and the and of appears clear and bright rather than Initial Corrections Press the Wall the or the while Wall appears the right of Then of flash of seconds while the the of the and the The the correction obtained the Wall This the and the To these the Wall Wall Memory This the Wall
Corrections New the correction or location. Press the Wall the or while Wall Press the Wall of Wall as the the right of You of about seconds as the the correction the with the If to the with USB as the of This flexibility when slideshow-style to to the to the buttons to through slideshow. or to the
the the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the about lights. Then the to the where to release to Left-click Right-click
Highlighting While to something the or straight or to You choose from three and each the To the the the appears the If to of to choose from three the the to the the the to clear the the Remote
the Remote the You the and of each of the three and choose the Press the the highlight the highlight and Choose of the following Highlight and To the of the highlight and Choose or and Highlight and To the highlight and Highlight High or and Highlight and Press to from the
Connecting to Computers and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR or DVD You the to and/or Follow the instructions this chapter to: to sound through the
If based to the New found with DVI to to DVI to VGA included with the to to the VGA If using and cant the to to the as shown from Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and You to the To to the Computer/Component VGA to the USB the as to the as as on-screen to
Connecting to the You to Computer/Component the VGA that with the (the If using the VGA to of the Computer/Component and the other to If to the the To the as to USB To optional sound through the finished instructions turning the and the Dont to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers and Other
Connecting to Computers and Other the If or the VGA when to If to the to the VGA to This from To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the VGA Then the (with the the Macintosh. Tighten the screws the
Connecting the Remote If connected as this chapter, the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, or or OS to or OS to OS the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB USB Connecting to Computers and Other The function correctly that from earlier of the of to Left-click Right-click
Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting If to the as as the such as To to the as shown: Follow these to the The displays the currently selected Press the button the to the active the You the while the Network ON the
Connecting to You to four to the the to its output If Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source connecting to: to the as as to sound through the Connecting to Computers and Other RCA VGA (RGB
Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting Source the with the the to the yellow and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting Source with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers and Other
RGB If the players Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting Source Locate the to and of the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and of the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers and Other If the
Connecting to Computers and Other Sound Through the You sound through the or Attaching to the instead of directly to the the to the sound. Connecting to the To sound through the follow these the Which connected: If connected to Computer/Component If connected to the or the to the to the connected with or the other of the to the or with with
Connecting To to the follow these the to to with and the other to purchase or the of the to the the the other of the to The internal while sound to Connecting to Computers and Other
Connecting to Computers and Other
the the on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the and the the sound the security features options
ON ON OFF OFF the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the You screen to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of of the options or the selected highlighting the option to the to the to the to the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and
the the to and to the previous (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the the the ID, Network, and
the the Quality You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and If from there the Press the the and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and the or the the You each and/or Select from these or bright Theatre: with (the or and TV bright displays (the when from with
Brightness or the the light and areas. Sharpness the sharpness of the the of the RGB Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the the and the You to the below. (The the from.) the The Brightness the opacity of the LCD You the brightness. Brightness the then choose High or (the High You the to the and
tracking or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. Preset the the to highlight the option, then as this ON to the Turn off to to the If stretched, off, or completely the the match that of to the the automatically, or to the yourself. (Press the selection.) Tracking this to the this the appears or If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to Once the the the them as using of the Preset The the the the to (Press the Preset repeatedly to the to Computer If the right the the the type of connected to the Computer/Component RGB that
this PAL PAL60 the and Whether from or player, these to the and of the fits the normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the or the displays the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the pressing switches the aspect ratio and This or recorded the the of the the or to If or the the Sharpness the If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to RGB or RGB the If stretched, or correctly the the first
the the The to the the the and the or the the You each and/or Select from these or bright Theatre: with (the or and TV bright displays (the when from with the the Select to and K. RGB to red, and (Not selected as the
the Sound You the to the sound or Press the the and the Choose and You the the to highlight the option, then as the Tone the of the sound. the Security To unauthorized of the the following: Assign this to the to that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed. Unauthorized users off or This to theft and to the should the You the the
If the the Protect Release appear. You and the If the to the the the the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the Protection To unauthorized assign the If appear the whenever the and turned If incorrect three the operation and the and to redisplay the If incorrect thirty the to the The the Protect function OFF Follow these to protection Press the the about seconds. You this the to ON Protect to ON Then Select and to the and Press the the lights, the activated.
the to four (The confirmation the Then the to the Press the the to the If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the every turned the to 0H The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever the the the It appears when the A/V selected the as the Background the of the features the when the Protect function the Its to write and
the the with the function this when and the Press the the to the the four The the deactivated, and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release to the If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To If incorrect the and to
Creating You from or to the and then as You as the when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the Follow these to the and to the the to from or such as DVD player. Press the the highlight the and Highlight and whether the as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to and the
the the as appears, and the or while the the Completed to to the Choosing to the as the You as the when theres or when the A/V Press the button, highlight the and Select and Select the which to appear: Highlight Background to (instead of when there from the currently selected Then Highlight A/V to when the A/V Then and finished, to the the function, the buttons, or of the buttons. Press the highlight the and Select and the Select or and and to the Press the to
If than switch them using To this, to ID each the the ID to match that of the to the ID The ID Follow these to Press the the You the Select the and Highlight ID and Choose ID the and to the the the ID to which allows to If to and to switch them (each its the ID to
the the ID To the ID to match the ID, follow these Press the ID the You light. Press of the numbered buttons the to the ID of the to The ID light off and the ID and each to switch To the ID, the following: Press the ID the flashes. Count the of flashes; this to the ID. (If flash, the ID to
You the to or off, the the and the the displays Remote These options the and from the Select Network ON to the to when If to the SNMP the Network and least IP the Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the the Select from to the the off the when from connected This electricity, cools the and the of the to the the and choose ON or OFF the to Network ON the to the cooled This
the the straighten the and the the the Follow these to these features: Press the the You the Select the and Then highlight and and of these Highlight to the Highlight Corner to straighten the Highlight Wall to or that white. Press then highlight ON or OFF and Highlight and the to
Automatically To whenever the follow these Press the the Select the and Choose and Select and Select and Press the to the when the to information.
the
If SNMP, to without This only. software and from EMP only) to switch and EMP NetworkManager to notifying when with network SNMP, such as HP to facilitys from To the software to first EMP as Then and each to You the (as This chapter covers the following information: Connecting the to and wired network and with EMP to the
If the SNMP option to IP This the Connecting and the Wired Network the software to to each to to and with IP You and the the Follow these to and the the to or Turn the Press the the and Network from the If assigns automatically, DHCP If assign automatically, off DHCP and the IP and as To using the the lights, then the shown below.
To the from the the right and arrow buttons to the of the to then the and arrow buttons to increase or the the the the or the the to the EMP EMP to wired It easily the or off (together or individually), switch and their EMP the software only) as The to the should already connected to Increase or the Select the of the to If to while they the then Network ON
and Closing EMP To EMP or EPSON EMP If the to the then already If the the the lower-right of to the EMP Click to EMP To EMP right-click the shown and follow these to them: Click or EMP or the EMP the You this Click
Click You this Click to currently operating the or and the IP found the as shown below: Select each to clicking its then clicking the Click Click If to the connected or correctly the to wired
To from the highlight the and You this with of Click You the of each of the EMP
The EMP the Source, and shown below. These which currently used, from which (or they and Source information, the and The following the meaning of the Projecting; Turned off; Projecting; To when turned Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
Turned off; Network connected to the or disconnected). You this Network OFF selected The following the of the icons: Computer/Component Computer/Component functional the
The following the of the recommended to The buttons the and or off. the to of its function.) Select the to (with the clicking of the buttons. (the nearing the of its life; High-speed cooling (the too to Overheating turned off automatically) or buttons To when selected Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
The following the of the buttons: buttons the the off the to the Computer/Component the to the Computer/Component the to the the to the Switches the to EasyMP (Not functional the
EMP NetworkManager You EMP NetworkManager to when with EMP NetworkManager, the software as Then follow the below to each to Selecting the to To EMP NetworkManager, or EPSON EMP NetworkManager You the EMP NetworkManager The already through EMP appear as icons. If to manually and know its IP the selection You this the IP and The to the EMP NetworkManager
EMP NetworkManager assign that EMP You to to each from EMP NetworkManager: Right-click the of the whose to then to characters length. Creating the If EMP NetworkManager already from the You as shown: Double-click the the whose to created
EMP NetworkManager to the and this that the correct. (If DHCP to to the (turning off DHCP the You the to characters including the following the EMP and EMP NetworkManager, than of them. Click The or to to to To Network ON as the the that when to Network ON the to the cooled This
when input to If the normally as which to You this Select ON the the IP and of the SMTP (The from to to three where the to Click the to each then the which to Click OK then OK the Click the Network and as the with the heading TEST MAIL to the The and IP included the of the the EMP NetworkManager. (It to to or received.)
the If to each of the EMP NetworkManager. The includes the heading EPSON the The of the The of the The IP of the The to the EMP If appears the it that occurred. appears when the or If to the
of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the clean and the the and of the to cool the The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning
thinner, or other These the To V13H134A07. information. the Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the Cleaning the and Clean the and every hours of If they cleaned periodically, they become with This overheating and the Turn off the and the cord. To the and other office If clean the with (such as paintbrush). If the to or the as the or the United States to ones. please
the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the warning light flashes To and the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt or the United States V13H010L31. please Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately Turn the and the the and of the the They should Turn the back the should the To the warning the cool the that the and should to
the the screw holding the cover to Then the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and the straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right these
Once the its screws and the cover, then the cover screw. (The the cover the as the section. the the to the the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this Select and You this Select and Press or to the
incurred the Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the optional from
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights with the or sound with with the Contacting technical
On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices with with sound Follow these to Press the the You the the the or the arrow buttons the to highlight the item Press the the or the to the To the the If of the the following
Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the to the following of the lights. lights Light The Standy or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant back the light flashing and Flashing There with the or Stop the the and light light light
lights Light Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as If this the as Flashing off of internal the and as The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and highlight the Info You the hours and input the right. The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. The attached or the The information the input currently selected.
and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as restarting If connected and or to of the Source buttons the or to the Allow seconds the to the If PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and computers or If using OS X: Preferences Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected.
If OS to From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the the the information. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and
OS to On the Apple choose and and Sound Select You to existing created them software information. The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the screen squarely. If this the Tracking or Tracking the the If the Corner. Press the the and Select Corner and with the The or the input selected the If using than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD
The There or smears the Clean the as the the buttons the You to using the from to the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually using the the the with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background. the Tracking to
of the used, exactly match the or the to increase the sharpness. The incorrect. If the option the to the If the and the to the There sound. A/V (The A/V pressed.) the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. If using the securely connected to both the and headphone or the the or to You to this clicking the right of the
You the EMP that connected the to the and correctly; Also, the with EMP that the to Network ON If the using XP or as the restarting with the The to commands. the ON/OFF switch the ON as shown The correctly or To the ID to or to the ID; within about of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, turn off that such as heater.
Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Where To technical through services hours as the following Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Software Software CD-ROM includes EMP and EMP Network and the from location. the software, these Microsoft or XP IBM PC with least III At least 256MB of RAM At least 128MB of free SVGA or and XGA recommended
Software the Software the Software CD-ROM CD-ROM or DVD You this Click then follow the on-screen instructions to software. that the GDI testing, the Chapter instructions the software.
his the location, such as theater or The four front mounting, rear or as shown: Rear mounting To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling as the Projection option of the to the upside-down. To from the rear, Rear or
If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the function the or the the If the that the of the with the of the the should and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inches (XGA) reproduction Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio or the Brightness the correction and and Supports USB
Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) Approx. hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L31 Remote AA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to to RH
United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the resized to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Refresh XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA100 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV The
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in
Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or exposed to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing This includes that mercury Please and and the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING This chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-830
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously to the of and option, the another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. However, each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices