that the and correctly, the and the to to the or The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the to others and the of to property. Indications Notations Used This Indicates the of or to property this or Indicates the of death or serious this or Warning Information Indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates procedures which or Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that the the following Clicking this the following The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure Indicates that the from the Clicking this the
who the Protect to and users Enhanced security functions The A/V easy to and easily and closing the A/V which clear You and Ease of restricts the You this to people from without and foot to You easily height with hand. the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off (EMP-83/822 only) The with the following security with anti-theft Security Security to turning the off, the without to the to cool first. cool
and the of the such as when the Function and Functions the foot to and the front foot. Foot the closing the and the sound (A/V when the to A/V from the C the to and the A/V the the (EMP-83/822/X5 only) A/V Security The security with the Security this cover when the cover that become or otherwise affected heat the and or the while C Function
and Functions RS-232C This and to the with should normally used. the from RS-232C Function Rear (EMP-83/822 Only) to the of the connected to the Computer1 input input from other from and Computer1 input to the of the connected to the Computer2 input input from other from and from Computer2 input input from the Function C and the LAN. LAN connected, LAN connected to the or input to the of the from input input the sound of the currently to connected to the Computer1 input to the from the or other This input to other than the Computer1 input C to the
and Functions from other from and Function input Rear (EMP-X5/S5 Only) to from and to the the the from input from input input Also, as when the USB the to USB B) showing to the connected to USB the connected to the the from the Remote Function C to with the following operating Edition/XP Professional OS to to the from the connected to the input to or other This input to other than the input to the C
and Functions the or off. Function EMP-83/822/X5 or If of selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the connected to the and to the input that The of the and whether they flashing or the of the [Source Search] C If when or displayed, these Corrects items and without the as the the the the EMP-S5 C shows to with they and the which displayed, to the If when the function. If when or displayed, these buttons Press to the items and (EMP-83/822/X5 buttons only)
and Functions and the Function If when or displayed, these buttons items and the (EMP-S5 only) buttons
and Functions and the C Function Remote or selection and to the displayed, it and the If of the synchronization, and to the Each the pressed, the C of the that the without the the the to showing to the connected to USB (EMP-X5/S5 only) (Down) the and or off. [A/V The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] or EMP-X5/S5. Turns the or off. Function these buttons when buttons to with the following operating Edition/XP Professional Macintosh: OS to to connected to the and to the input that [Source Search]
and Functions If when or displayed, these Press to the and to the items and Function the function. If when displayed, to the previous shows to with they and the which Function C If when or displayed, these buttons items and buttons Remote light-emitting through when to the anti-theft to the optional mount when the from Turn to and to the C Security fixing Rear foot when to or the This and other from the when The displays
Functions This chapter useful functions and and the security Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the (Source Search) the Projected Functions Enhancing Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect Ratio (Aspect)................................16 of the the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Projection Quality
The following showing the of currently or when about seconds, the connected to If found. You the input where the when only the that the the (Source Search) The input from connected and the input from the projected. You the input where input. EMP-83/822 Computer1 The input where input Computer2 connected, playback this operation. EMP-83/822 only Procedure the the or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected.
Remote Procedure Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting the the displayed the and the bright bright This the brightest and tones white bright Text Application TV bright This and them to life. or input) Sports such as bright This and input) them This Theatre the the The using from If the while the displayed the to the this tint, when Blackboard that to the
Functions Projection From the choose to If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V "A/V the or as the A/V using the activated. or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the supply to off the A/V closed and A/V about "Operation" the the of purchase, the function EMP-X5/S5. Remote Procedure the or the A/V or closed, A/V or off.
Functions Enhancing connected, that recorded or You the aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio (Aspect) from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the (Down) Procedure Procedure the or off. Each the the aspect displayed the and the aspect while the it to from the where If the while the or displayed, the or The to back the while used. cleared.
Functions Enhancing the to the of the that to Remote If the while the aspect displayed the to the aspect This when to such as and to them This "Aspect" from the the of the Remote C selected to to You the or The ratio appears the The the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the the Press the to Remote Procedure
"Network Protect" to "On" "Network" Background", and "A/V from the "Network Protect" (EMP-83/822 only) the prohibited. You people from the the The with of anti-theft security The the following security You who the without Protect Anti-Theft Security Functions the of purchase, the function EMP-X5/S5. that Protect" displayed. Protect) the Protect function activated, people who know Furthermore, the that displayed when as the At the of the This acts as anti-theft the the to the purchase the Protect function activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect whenever the turned from If the the supply to which connected the the On Protect" "On", the Protect" to "On" the following Protect" prohibited. On Protect"
Security Functions Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the C Turn Protect" Press the the following to Protect. Protect Select "Network Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Press the button. Turn "Network Protect". the the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure the the displayed, and then the The as the If the shown four the buttons. The the this to Select and then the fourth the displayed. If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, the displayed. the buttons Remote Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the button. Turn On Protect". Press the the as further the the theft If the incorrectly, displayed The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the operation buttons the of the buttons the locked. You of the the the locked. off. Restricting the of purchase, the function EMP-X5/S5. that Protect" displayed. This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated the the displayed, the the the the the the buttons. the Procedure Press the and the the Procedure and then and the that appears the and the about and then the switches to If incorrect three the If the of the "The operation locked." back The displays the the International Warranty If this the from the that the the the If to the and input the "The operation locked. displayed and the thirty the following as
Security Functions You about the that and the The security with the Security the often mounts and the includes the following security Security the Security Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security the and the operations they the the Select or the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. and the the From the from about seconds, You release the of the "Operation the displayed and the released. following
This chapter to the and its the of (EMP-83/822 Only).....................................24 (EMP-X5/S5 Only) (EMP-83/822 Only).....................................26 (EMP-X5/S5 Only) Network (EMP-83/822 Only) Info Only).................................................34
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top EMP-83/822/X5 Select the to EMP-S5 EMP-S5 EMP-83/ 822/X5 the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each (EMP-83/822 Only) of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with and when selected the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the the Red, You the of each individually. You choosing of the following You the to their To items to their when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each (EMP-X5/S5 Only) Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the "High" selected the becomes with and when selected the (This item selected selected as the the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the the Red, You the of each individually. when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness You the to their To items to their
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each (EMP-83/822 Only) You whether the to the (On) or when the input You the and right that of the of the You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected IP each the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the Computer1 input or Computer2 input Computer1 Computer2 You the aspect ratio Aspect You the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 To items to their
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each (EMP-X5/S5 Only) You whether the to the (On) or when the input changes. You the and right that of the of the You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected IP each field the This with amount of On: converted This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the input You the aspect ratio Aspect You the to their To items to their
of Functions EMP-S5 EMP-X5 EMP-83/822 (This only specified when selected from "Projection".) correction. Function You the (EMP-83/822/X5 only) (EMP-S5 only) Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and rotation reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of Brightness to or the light too to to the that to or that interference. You the reception of the operation from the You this to operation of the Operation You the (EMP-83/822 only) Remote the displayed that the without other While the displayed and correction. To the the button the or the You the to their To items to their (EMP-83/822 only)
of Functions EMP-X5/S5 EMP-X5/S5 EMP-83/822 You whether to (On) or the when the input the You whether the (the when the displayed (On) or Background You the when to or A/V You the A/V as or when the when input, and You related to the Function You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" You the that as background and displayed A/V You choose of the following to the the
of Functions to "On" and the connected to that of electricity the Cover to "On", this off the the closed. Cover to to "On", this off the when input and operations to "On", the should turning off the from to to the of purchase, to off the High this to "On" when using the of Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or to automatically. (On) the of purchase. Function You SNMP to and the of the the or the "EMP software with You and while the when this to "Network On". this (EMP-83/822 only) Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You Protect" to You whether to the software EMP 21L (On) or this to "On" and the USB the of purchase, the function EMP-X5/S5. that displayed. "High You and the to their To items to their You the displays. (EMP-X5/S5 only) 21L
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EMP-83/822 Only) You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each of the the following IP used. to (where from to to (where from to Gateway You input the IP the the IP You input the IP assigned to the MAC You input the MAC the You input the the DHCP You whether to DHCP (On) or If this to "On" to You Wired LAN Function to when the using software. You to characters. to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the using the which EMP EMP Operation
of Functions To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Trap IP 1/Trap IP You to IP the SNMP The IP "Trap IP when the IP "Trap IP accessed. You SNMP SNMP Function to when or warning You to three You to Destination 1/Destination 2/Destination You the and the of the The You input to characters the You from to each field of the the following IP used. this or with the SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the You whether to (On) or to (where from to You input the the SMTP to the and the to input. characters, the to Press the and the following software displayed. the and the to the to input. You the connected to this to the You the "Network" to their To items to their the Each this selected, and the the section Each this and selected, and
of Functions the function to "On" and or warning with the following The IP the where the First The of the where the Third and of the Subject: EPSON The of the The following the shown the with "Reading the Indicators". related High Warning High-speed cooling cover High (Overheating) the input to the and the supply to or appear the of the with
of Functions the of the and the of the Items displayed the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) You the of "Computer1" or "Computer2" the to the "Source". You the input the connected currently projected. Source reaches the the characters You the operating Function The as "0H" the first hours. hours or hour each This information about that occurred the This information service required. You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions EMP-X5/S5 EMP-83/822 The following items to their "Computer1 "Computer2 items You items to their and The following items to their (EMP-S5 only), and You items to their You clear the Hours and to "0H". when the Hours Function (EMP-83/822 only) (EMP-X5/S5 only) the of purchase, the function EMP-X5/S5. that displayed.
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................38 lights red..........................................................39 or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the on-screen displays to the the and as shown the Press the to below. the the Press the The displayed. Procedure Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this (Flashing):Warm-up Projection The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the correctly and that the normally. when the the which to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop the the from the and or the the International Warranty Terms the the from the and or the the International Warranty Terms The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or If the checking the the the from the and or the the International Warranty Terms High (overheating) If the Stop using the the from the and or the the International Warranty Terms If the the with and the If cracked the and the yourself, to of the replaced). If cracked it with or further If the using of or "High to "On". the and cracked. the following Clean the Cover using of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning with If the operating properly, though the showing to the If the or the the International Warranty
when If of the following and the offer to the each the with the (EMP-83/822 Only) The sound heard or the sound Other Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing projected. displayed relating to appear The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." displayed The displayed or of The whole appears purplish or white, appearing the match, this and LCD reproduction performance, the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right Nothing appears the appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the the A/V the A/V closed? the to the the connected the correct? the to only. the to the LCD and the when from when Press the to the If to the to "Extended"-"Operation"-"Sleep to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." displayed to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported Displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from EMP-83/822/X5, the recommended from to and from to EMP-S5, the recommended from to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to If the correctly the from and "Tracking" the If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the output with the of Displays" the selected? when from when the and "Tracking correctly? Press the [Aspect] the to the aspect the of "Normal", and the aspect to the The truncated or or the aspect when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly using the from the the correctly? If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the the Press the the to the when the that the with the of Displays" the selected? when projecting
from connected to Computer1, Computer, or Computer2 the following to the the connected "Signal"-"Computer1/2 the input match the from the connected right the the "Image"-"Color the correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" the "Image"-"Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" the the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? from connected to or the "Brightness" and "Brightness the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the brightness and correctly? the "Contrast" the "Image"-"Contrast" the correctly? when from appear The that displayed from the Computer1 or the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the from other than the Computer1 or projected? Nothing appears the
when There the or the the and or the the International Warranty If this the the the from the Terms and the the about seconds, and the released. the operation to The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the turn and off when the touched? the to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to turn the back the "Remote the receiver" the back immediately Direct or the turned off? (EMP-83/822 only) the the selected? (EMP-83/822 only) There or the too Other the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the that the to the the connected correctly?
The operating the about and about vertically. the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? The the location where light the receiver. EMP-83/ the to from the "Remote receiver" the correctly or the with necessary. the "Remote the receiver" The operating the about the too from the the or the correctly? or light from the receiver? the the selected? (EMP-83/822 only) If of the the than seconds, the the released, This the from operates when the or top of with the (EMP-83/822 Only) than seconds? of to the the correctly. "Network correctly the that the LAN connected correctly. it or connected correctly. the LAN correctly? To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? If the or the the International the to Warranty Terms Check that outlet or functioning correctly. to the and the to
This chapter information to the of performance from the to Appendices Optional and Optional ESC/VP21 Commands Command (EMP-83/822 Only) Connecting USB (EMP-X5/S5 Only) USB (EMP-83/822 Only)..................................69 commands information displayed "Product information of Supported Specifications......................................................71 Appearance..........................................................75 Index.....................................................................76 and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the to the the operating the to the and EMP-83/822/X5 EMP-S5 Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to (EMP-83/822 Only)..61 Connecting LAN (EMP-83/822 Only) Connecting USB (EMP-X5/S5 Only)
from (Rear from front of the The the following four its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, it causing and injury. the mount and the or and Warning the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the the its This malfunctions to You the as follows the "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" the [A/V the about seconds. optional mount when the from
If the the internal of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth using it to the Cleaning the commercially cloth cleaning to the the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and "The overheating. nothing the and or the to the Clean the and the when the following displayed.
the of the and the to the the the with batteries. This section to the the and the If the of the or ready to that the becoming this them with when required. the Press the cover clicks C the cover. the Instructions/International Warranty the Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure Catch
to the brightness and The to appear the following of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should continually high brightness: About hours continually brightness: About hours as as ready The the displayed. displayed. The flashes Flashing The or to
the off the and the Procedure and should to the of the cover, when the cover If of If the of which the cover gently. of the should that the the there that the or mouth, immediately. Warning to the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and to the cover. the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the cooled sufficiently the there that the the to enough.
the the the "PUSH", and once the screws. that fits the location the C the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or further the
the cover. the off as Please regulations or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with The records the turned and and the the hours the when to the the operating the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly.
the from the and clicks C the The though the It to the when: The ripped. cleaned. the The when the from to the of properly with of the section: Polycarbonate, ABS regulations. of with of the section: Polyurethane resin the of the and to the the off the and the Procedure
the the the of purchase, the function You the that currently as EMP-X5/S5. that the the buttons and the operations they the the the previous Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to Aspect, or the function If selected when currently the the the to as the and then the C "Choose this as the displayed, the the or the the as to the of the
"Select this displayed, the to the of the to as the the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed" displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while Once the This malfunctions to to the factory the the You to
Units: the following to choose the The only Units: and EMP-83/822/X5 off Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Screen Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of of
Screen and Units: the following to choose the The Units: EMP-S5 to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to off Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of Screen of
You with built-in amplifiers to the with and with the to of sound. the Connecting to (EMP-83/822 Only) Connecting to the when connected to the This that to the with the displayed and the when input to the Computer1 input or the the Connecting to To the the to the and from the built-in To Computer2 and and connected to the The the and and to to To with
Connecting LAN (EMP-83/822 Only) with or type LAN To LAN LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN
Connecting USB (EMP-X5/S5 Only) the USB of and the the of the with USB To USB B) USB To USB
EMP-83/822) ELPLP42 EMP-X5/S5) ELPLP41 as Optional and and the country of purchase. the following options and Purchase The following of optional as of of to without as ELPAF13 this to with the Soft carrying ELPKS16B roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional of these the with the too HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 to ELPKC19 ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 of to the from International Warranty Terms to this or the the mount with the ELPMB18 when the
The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio This section that with the and terms that the text of this to other publications. of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM formats). The and chroma that the to The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of to that of three and which the and to sound Normal that which to this rear and High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and (or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) network to Gateway of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh of whereby the from from top to to Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV to connected to IP Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP This the IP the SNMP SNMP Trap IP
international that formulated that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to this the that they the recording these played back the they to their as of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization This that the of the from the IP type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to quality. to that of and C of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA
(EMP-83/822 Only) the ON transmitted to the the If the terminates to and the command input, the the and and then the command. turned and ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Connector RS-232C input Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF Command SOURCE selection SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL ready DSR DSR DTR ready DTR DTR DSR TD TD RD RD RD TD Function At the (PC At the ground GND GND GND Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (CR) to the of each and Computer1 Item
ESC/VP21 Commands To the using ESC/VP21 commands USB the following USB Connecting USB (EMP-X5/S5 Only) Connector USB B) to and the section of Download the USB (USB-COM from the to Procedure <At the <At the B) the USB the instructions displayed the C 21L" to "On" from the
information EPSON and Information Industries Association) as to the JBMIA and Information network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the Class established the JBMIA Industries Association) to URL the JBMIA. (EMP-83/822 Only) displayed "Product information EMP-822 EMP-83 Command Function AVMT AVMT AVMT Non-compatible commands AVMT and Command Connector INPT Computer1 input INPT Computer2 input INPT input INPT input
when other than those input, that the the VGA functions supported. EMP-S5 supported. projected. of Supported Used of Aspect Aspect Ratio SDTV SDTV Ratio Aspect Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" SXGA Aspect Ratio TV (NTSC) Ratio Aspect Refresh Rate SECAM) (PAL, TV MAC19" MAC21" SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
this TM DNX ICs EMP-S5 EMP-X5 EMP-83/822 Product (W) (H) (D) Specifications to to than and If the of of SVGA (W) (H) to to ELPLP41 ELPLP42 TFT active UHE (W) (H) XGA to to to AC to supply Approx Approx Approx to to to +60C to 35C
Specifications input Computer1 input Connectors Computer2 input input RCA input input DIN input RCA input RCA input Other specifications, please location (country/area) from USB to that USB. This USB2.0. USB B) USB B) RJ45 LAN RS-232C
Specifications USA: UL60950-1 This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. CSA C22.2 EU: The Directive IEC/EN60950-1 (73/23/EEC) USA: FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class EU: The EMC Directive EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 (89/336/EEC) EN55024 EMC Australia/New Zealand: AS/NZS CISPR Class
Specifications Class to of the FCC These there that interference reception, which turning the off and the installation. If this interference to and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. to reasonable protection interference to to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the installation. This and the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. FCC United States or the which the connected. following Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA Inc. MS: Located and interference which the established the than interface connected to FCC this It the of the to and the FCC or Declaration of this shielded interface with this If this the authority to the interfaces. or the The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. EPSON EMP-83/822/X5/S5 of Product:
3-M49 The EMP-83/822/X5/S5 the Appearance of from of to fixing Units: