826W
Introduction This chapter information that allow to effectively.
effective of functions Distribution function as using other interfaces such as USB USB or LAN This with to This allows of input effective of and the from location Switching function Network (EMP NS You and the to and from SNMP the The following collectively and the directly from JPEG USB (Slideshow) USB memory to the JPEG You using USB or USB as Slideshow. the and the If the connected to the from the from smoothly without the each or Smooth
effective of USB to and from the (USB Projecting with the optional USB using the USB to to from the information. the optional Wireless USB and Wireless LAN to information. Not with the "Network Projector" function which
the Software Procedure or "EPSON Software To the Network the software from the CD-ROM "EPSON Software Meeting the Software Custom To software and individually, To the which the software displayed, C Click the CD-ROM The automatically. Turn You the following software the CD-ROM. information about this software, Software the displayed, To to EPSON EMP selected, software sequentially. the EPSON If to Click to the installation. displayed, "OK". the to and then Software to connected Software that the of connected to the and and those You collectively EMP EMP NS EMP If the using XP, or the following installation. that as the when installation. the CD-ROM Turn to to the correctly. EMP NS If EMP NS from the "EPSON Software CD-ROM with
the Software C Double-click the OS X" the EPSON and the type the only) OK CD-ROM and then Click to the installation. Uninstalling or Select or and then EMP NS Applications From the EMP NS
Connecting with EMP NS This section to the and the Advanced and the of with the
EMP NS Summary when the optional Wireless LAN installed) There of and the EMP NS EMP NS Summary temporarily assigns the SSID to creating and the only when the optional disconnecting. Wireless LAN the to Wired LAN, the to If the optional Wireless LAN the Advanced and to existing the with LAN to the wireless LAN and their Functions Advanced the and the locations. This easily without and You easily to and from the without You and using the following functions
EMP NS Summary Connecting Advanced You to to the first the following to and EMP NS Advanced You to as allowing to such as EMP NS the to connected. connected to the Select the and to the information. EMP NS the and with the while and and when to four the the switching function, EMP NS of the computers, the and You This function The their without Distribution function Switching function normally when connected with the and used, to
to the following to the and the to wireless LAN information the software, If connecting the to the wirelessly, the using the software with as shown the following when displayed the to the the with the wireless LAN the the and the the or the
Connecting to Network and the following otherwise noted, used. You the when the Connecting to Network and EPSON Select (or EMP NS EMP NS Procedure the and the connecting, the connected to such as Press the the Remote or the to the Procedure the The search displayed. To the selected Advanced Select "Advanced and then "OK". as the which EMP NS and then the Double-click the Applications of the EMP NS Press the [LAN] the Remote The LAN displayed. If the to to displayed the search search the The search about the the C Select the to to, then seconds.
Connecting to Network and The following EMP NS the You this to the and and to the the the to "On" from the the displayed. the displayed the LAN then click "OK". the the following section. from another EMP NS from the to The that currently connected disconnected, and and when continuously connecting and then connected with the that trying to
Connecting to Network and the of each or item the following EMP NS to the following The the Advanced the Advanced search the that the connected to. search Advanced search based specified IP or search the based the SSID. search search the based the SSID selected from
Connecting to Network and If there and this to the EMP NS Troubleshooting Troubleshooting The following the of the C You options such as the when EMP NS with displayed. to the selected from the search options the Select connecting. connected and the currently connected. selected. which already connected. another The the and You closing the search Select connecting. Currently another the of search the as IP (Advanced only) search The IP displayed. Clear Displayed when found as of search or with the SSID. Not found Displayed while search or Searching the displayed when selected. You search the using Profile using the SSID only) The SSID displayed. intensity Profile the to other while connected to the selected The displayed. This displayed when the the increases, the of only) and intensity. the to the function. this selected, and displayed the of the
when displayed, and Click to the operated from the when function or The below the from the ALL that of the connected shows the that Connecting to Network and Select and with the You The the EMP NS this to and the the to the following Click the of the that Indicates the of allocated This Indicates the of the C from the Select the to
Connecting to Network and Projecting A/V Switch PC and Switch While the connected to the the functions from the the or to while while To while connected to the the A/V function. Stop to the following Click while connecting to the Releases Stop or The function as the [A/V the Remote information. Switch PC A/V Each this clicked, switches input and input each input there connected to The Source the click. The switch to the the The Source input and LAN each Switch
Connecting to Network and The switched as follows. The as switched Switch the Normal Click the displays to each Screen to to with the full-screen. Click Not this The "The connected back displayed. performance the of options the increases, This displayed when the the of Disconnects the to the
EMP NS Functions This chapter those that or such as the function which allows to to from
Projecting the only when the displays This when only to to with the Macintosh. If necessary, the to the Click the Procedure to C Click the
With displays the and each the This function with Macintosh, connected to the to the function. While the following to allows to from that connected to the of the relates to the the physically connected to the specifications. of of C
of that to or from to right the only the of the using of
The EPSON displayed. the then (or EPSON EPSON Procedure Those users who using computers. Procedure the Function to four this to used. displays, Select the to of the selected. as as necessary. the to projected, and then the to the to the necessary. both and Macintosh, the the as Allocating the to the C Click "OK". to that connected through the and then The allocated the the only) OK the the At this the to the EPSON to the Those below to Those users who displays EMP NS this operation.
Select the and Macintosh. The EMP NS the of the displays below. the You the SSID and LAN the from the Network the The Wireless LAN the and each Wireless information. LAN the connecting Wireless LAN. If the following correctly, the following EMP NS when used. The SSID the and each the EMP NS to EMP NS Select (or "EPSON Procedure and the of the
the and where the the while the the the assigned to the terminals to the right. those of the physical C Click The displayed. Click the connected as secondary the that projected. the the of the secondary other than the displayed the the and that the type shown other than "secondary".
Select the the arranged, connected as the below. Screen the following. and the of the Click the "OK" The Next, the to and then the EMP NS EMP NS Double-click the "Applications" Advanced Select and then of the which "EMP NS to EMP NS
Click C Click Displays". The displayed.
the to the and the to the right the appears the while the appears the the right. where the to the displayed and where Select the of the to the and which to from which Procedure This section the the allocated the This section the Allocating the to the and the to projected. Procedure
the the of the such that To mouse-based operations the while the the appears the Click C To terminate "Disconnect" the such that the the of the clear the the there when of the location of the the EPSON such that the the the of the To EPSON To clear the following. The allocated to each projected. the to the To the the
Connecting to Wired LAN or wireless LAN This chapter to to existing
Connecting to the DNS search the found. Specify IP or and search. The IP input directly. Also, the You and to this only searches the as the Therefore, search that Connecting to as follows: Once search that Profile whenever to search specifying IP or the search as Profile with easy-to-remember and then If search to the as follows. Proceed as the of the Performing search based Profile whether there that with the The Wireless LAN of or the optional Wireless LAN the and connected to Wireless LAN whether to On. whether AirPort: On or selected. selected. both and
the IP or the the to and "OK". Specifying IP or and Performing Search (Advanced Only) the following otherwise noted, Specifying Either IP or and Performing Search (Advanced You the when Macintosh. used. Only) the SSID. there of the search field the identified, that that to specify the search that the search as The search the EMP NS tor, and then to establish search. selection using SSID. Click search" the EMP NS selection Procedure
Performing Search with Profile to Profile, the following Profiles search section. Profile specifying the each search, there to IP or The found creating of them with Profile containing of the information to You search as such as the its IP Address, and SSID. each where Performing Search with Profile the the EMP NS selection the Procedure The the displayed. Building Building Building C C Building This section to and
Performing Search with Profile Profile and then to Profile, the following section. If previously prompted to If created the following displayed. the Profile whether that Profile To Profile with information the and selecting the You search specifying the Profile created. Searching Specifying
Performing Search with Profile You the and the hierarchical of the Profile Click the EMP NS selection If Profile Profile Procedure Click the EMP NS The options displayed. Procedure Click The displayed. From the that displayed, the to to. the identified, that The search the EMP NS tor, and then to establish selection
Performing Search with Profile Function Item Profile C the the the as the with the You Copy the The Profile Copy the or the You to characters the You the and You the Profile or the You You the information the Used when to and exported Function Item You Information selected IP You the information the selected information the and the Click "OK". Indicates Indicates Profile the of the Profile or the creating You You the Profile. You Profile Function Item
the EMP NS You options such as the when EMP NS
options You options such as the when EMP the options from the EMP NS NS options Click options" the EMP NS Procedure Not this full-screen Select to Encrypt and intercepted, decrypted. Encrypt cations using this checkbox. Clear this once displayed when EMP NS whether or the tion tion Confirm the of the items the OK the necessary to the options each of the items. The options screen displayed.
options performance when EMP NS Select from the following search started. Search switch the to search displayed. This when to The Switch Network when The displayed. Search with the Specify search search Switch LAN search. Wired LAN of the to as the Wired LAN The performance to Normal, and Performance to when interrupted.
options whether or to layered layered the Select this to The layered when such as the such as that the layered the only the performance displayed.
and to This chapter to that connected to the to and to the
the IP of the the input the and the Network from the of the and the the displayed. and operations this function used. the Microsoft or as the If using of the buttons You and the from the If, however, of that connected to the characters the properly. The reflected the There You items that the items that the and with On from the of the the (when the off). items the with the of the High Cover and Hours following items. Items the that the If to displayed. To to with other than with the following specifying the IP of the as follows when Advanced the IP of the the the Procedure
Items that the The following items WEP Authentication (Open/Shared) SNMP Community
the Function to This the to of with when or warning with locations from the to the the function from the the Function to information. recorded, and to three to of three once. If and to of the Communication On from the of the the (when the off).
SNMP to when or collectively from them. SNMP from the with This when SNMP information. SNMP should or who with the The function SNMP LAN The SNMP function to SNMP to the to IP
Presentations Slideshow This chapter to USB directly from the as Slideshow.
that Slideshow Slideshow You Slideshow to directly and USB that connected to the that Projected Slideshow from USB USB that incorporate security used. Specifications that Slideshow with than The following with the CMYK Notes and them continuously Select and The If with USB using AC supply. Normally, the clearly too high. Format the the FAT16/32
or buttons the to the or the the or to access. or Press the Procedure Slideshow Operations Slideshow back and This section the basic of Slideshow. and USB Slideshow Operations Starting and Closing Slideshow Slideshow Cursor Press the [USB] the or the [Source Search] the Procedure USB to the Slideshow information connecting USB JPEG as displayed JPEG displayed as instead of thumbnails. this displayed. as To Slideshow, turn off the USB necessary, then the Closing Slideshow Procedure The following the Slideshow, and operations. Slideshow Operations
Slideshow Operations or You with the the While JPEG the the the the or the to If and displayed the the To to the previous the or the the Previous and the the Next and the to Top played. Select the that and the selected, the the selected to to the The selected displayed. Press You JPEG when them with Slideshow. JPEG or Slideshow. To JPEG Procedure Rotating the To Slideshows
or buttons the to the or the the to or Press the from and USB using Slideshow of the following This function the of Projecting (Slideshow) This function Projecting selected Projecting The to back. C Press the USB while accessed. Slideshow You the following operations the or the correctly. The of the connected or USB displayed. Slideshow. Procedure
C Select Slideshow from the and then the Continuous On matically. If to the Option the projected, the displayed from the when the The Slideshow reached. The following operation to the While Press the You to the to the previous or playback the of Slideshow. when Slideshow. Press the or If the Screen switching to the the Remote to to the You the This function Slideshow. the Slideshow the following (Slideshow) The of the connected or USB displayed. switching the Slideshow Option to anything other than To the when Slideshow, the Slideshow. Procedure or buttons the to the or the the Slideshow, and then the or Press the
Conditions You whether to the Slideshow. Continuous switching Screen You the the Slideshow function. Conditions or buttons the to the buttons or the If to apply the the OK and the or and the The applied. C Press the and Seconds. Slideshow. You You the to seconds, or buttons the to the then the Select "Option" from buttons or the the where to the displayed, then the or Press the Procedure positioning the the item and of the items below. the each of the items. You the of the to displayed. You or
The of that while EMP NS the following apply. The and About About The following projected. You to with greater than UXGA. SVGA VGA Supported You to four to and You to If with screen where the ratio of height and represented, to the this the projected, Supported when function the selected from the of WXGA+ UXGA WXGA WXGA SXGA+ SXGA SXGA XGA Applications that of DirectX played back, they back as smoothly as If the of the Wireless LAN the MS-DOS only) when displayed the might off unexpectedly. correctly. only) transmitted. Others
It recommended that the and with EMP NS the following displayed. to the this This selection the restarted. There when the the and the the match exactly. when from the following when EMP NS with Theme (effects), of the the displayed, while the following when shows played back when from Once started, while EMP NS when EMP NS You the following when the The layered of the layered when the layered the EMP NS should displayed the from options EMP NS however the projected.
Troubleshooting concerning and the If of the following to the each Troubleshooting using EMP NS the as and from another "The found when EMP NS started." EMP NS concerning "Applications displayed from the when the function executed." "The displayed the when the function executed." "The the Advanced or Wired LAN with EMP NS the or the to appear." refreshed when Office EMP NS the "Network the to the with EMP NS using EMP NS started." when EMP NS with Wireless USB the optional Wireless USB with Wireless using the optional USB
Troubleshooting concerning You of EMP NS the from the EPSON Software CD-ROM with the The supported. the of the the the and then apply the following countermeasures. EMP NS as and EMP NS the from another off when another to with the and with the With EMP NS the with the that previously connected that trying to the the without off the Therefore, when the or the off the and, operation, to the the know the the and
Troubleshooting The found when EMP NS started. that LAN the and the LAN and the built-in LAN function While the displayed, becomes the and to the LAN the that the optional LAN securely connected. the LAN connected? LAN SSID that from that of the information. selected correctly. EMP NS and If the LAN the the using from options Switch LAN. the selected correctly with EMP NS Turn the DHCP Wired LAN from the information. the SSID the as that of the the DHCP function Wired LAN turned On? interference the from found search. the and the or and their to interference. The optional wireless LAN with and and with other such as the Wireless LAN to or the wave to the LAN to the Wireless LAN. Wireless LAN the Wireless LAN when the there the and the or Wireless LAN to off the firewall or the firewall as the to the the firewall turned off, or the firewall as The EMP NS and
Troubleshooting that the connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the network correctly? the the and the to the SSID. information. the SSID the and Advanced or Wired LAN Wired LAN selecting WEP from Security the the and the to the WEP information. the WEP properly? DHCP, each information. the to allow from the the such as MAC and correctly the the IP the and the Gateway the and the correctly? the and the Select search from EMP NS the IP and The displayed the when the function To and or displays, or or the of displays to the or earlier
Troubleshooting when the function executed. Applications from the EPSON another the this EPSON to The displayed the another the the EPSON the to the The the the cleared connecting with EMP NS the or the to appear. EPSON The when WEP effective or connected. WEP or connected? the the playback displayed, and the normally. try to back with or to the DHCP to On Advanced or Wired LAN DHCP found, to LAN DHCP? If there interference, there when the and sound Advanced or Wireless LAN Wireless LAN
Troubleshooting using EMP NS started. connecting with EMP NS first. might EMP NS the refreshed when using EMP NS Office EMP NS while the the updated. If the the the continuously? to If the the and the the to the the the LAN and the The match. the the the to the when EMP NS
Troubleshooting You to to that connected to another The selected to the process? the clicked, it to the The the and the other off. connecting to which the to mismatch. EMP NS If the appears, and then EMP NS EMP NS The the and the other the clicked, to the the that displayed the the off and then reconnected, the the that displayed. the the following Network information obtained. There ELP-735 the the to SXGA or the the and the the the to the the the the the and If the following. One or connected than SXGA. the and Check the the LAN and the the displayed the You to the the and the the One or responding. the to the
Troubleshooting USB and then EMP NS this while EPSON USB Wireless and then EMP NS this while Wireless the of EMP NS to the with EMP NS Network the to the this of EMP NS the of EMP NS to the Wireless LAN manually. manually connecting to Wireless LAN when the that the optional Wireless LAN securely connected. Turn the turned the optional USB with Wireless the Wireless LAN connected? Wireless LAN the USB to the If the USB already connected, once and then If then, the information the USB information. the USB connected to the First the information the USB then the USB to the information the USB
Troubleshooting Check the information the USB the the information the USB If displayed, the information the USB information. Then the USB to the with Wireless USB the optional Wireless USB there or finished, displayed While information the USB the the concerning and Communication On To the function when the from the information. On to the information. the correct? that the optional Wireless LAN securely connected. the LAN connected? Wireless LAN If, the the information. that outlet or functioning correctly. to the the to abnormality and the to
Troubleshooting that the correctly. connected or connected properly. the connected correctly? Wired LAN
The software with the or the optional that the following SP4/XP/XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP1 III or USB EMP EMP NS Recommended: or (HomeEdition/Professional) SP1 or SE SP6/2000SP4/XP SP4/XP/XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP1 OS Recommended: OS or or CPU OS or Recommended: or Recommended: 512MB or 256MB or 64MB or 20MB or 50MB or 20MB or Recommended: or Recommended: or Recommended: 512MB or PC G3 or or Amount of Memory 256MB or of than greater than XGA or than SVGA or and with authority of than than XGA
Notes Notes and and of Corporation. IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International Corporation. of Inc. and of Apple Inc. of the Microsoft of and the rights of this publication reproduced, or of this or with to the of the information mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without Neither from the repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to The of this or without further Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or the written of Corporation. products other than those as Products or Corporation or or transmitted or incurred the purchaser or third as of: from the of options or strictly comply with Corporation's operating and this and the Products Corporation. of the information instructions. Copyright Notice and of their respective owners. and Other rights those and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States. WPA and WPA2 of and DNX of Inc. This free software as as software to which this Software Copyright: the rights. Inc. CPD-27455