92/93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 92/93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of brightness (white light and light to of brightness (white light and light 96W: to of (white light and light to of brightness (white light output and light 915W: to of brightness (white light and light 935W: to of (white light and light to of (white light and light Native of (XGA) 96W/915W/935W: Native of (WXGA) connectivity Plug-and-play USB including and HDMI or Wired and Optional wireless including and 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) PC connected USB memory or VGA
Additional Optional and to the to the following To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI or purchase information. To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI To with from with or purchase information. To that includes only DisplayPort, or output to the VGA to Apple options. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or EPSON V13H010L60 92/93/95/96W/905) EPSON V13H010L61 915W/1835)
Option or EPSON V13H010L64 935W) V13H134A29 LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) Wireless USB (ELPAP08) V12H005M08 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) EPSON DC-11 V12H377020 EPSON DC-06 V12H321005 EPSON DC-20 V12H500020 BrightLink interactive V12H415020 BrightLink interactive with RM Easiteach V12H415020RM AP-60 Sound V12H329020 Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 ELPSP10 Universal mount ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 plate ELPMBP02 round ELPMBP03 to ELPMBC01 security ELPSL01 ELPSC80 ES-3000 V12H002S3Y (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 Soft carrying ELPKS64
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Option or 1-Year Service EPPFTPA1 Warranty EPPEXPA1 2-Year Service EPPFTPA2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support
Locations and to technical instructions 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835), the Network Projection If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related references Where to the to learn about the Rear topic: Introduction to
A/V Foot release foot A/V cover) cover LAN light 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) cover
Rear lights topic: Locations HDMI A/C input RS-232C Mic (microphone) 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) Security Remote Network LAN 93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835)
USB USB Computer2 Computer1 topic: Locations Mounting Rear feet foot Security
topic: Locations Source Search (searches connected (selects and arrow buttons buttons information) buttons and arrow buttons topic: Locations Related references Light
Remote through connected through connected buttons numbers)
A/V off and sound) button action) and Aspect (selects the aspect buttons buttons and of the Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless and wireless and buttons (activates on-screen information) (selects (switches buttons to function numbers) USB through connected USB LAN (switches to function Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and it top of or to that the the within reach of grounded or cord. and Projection topic: the You or to the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Projection Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or Aspect Ratio or or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to 96W Aspect Ratio or
or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to Aspect Ratio or or Projection to inches to to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to 915W/935W Aspect Ratio or or Projection to inches to inches to to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to topic:
Connecting to Sources You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting Microphone Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound
Connecting to USB and topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB the the USB to USB Turn the to USB USB the other to USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then the that appears to the USB software. Select the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and to the USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software the first the to the
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and If XP or and to The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Computer1 or Computer2 Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the optional HDMI
Connecting to USB To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to using USB You the wireless function when USB to from the and buttons to through the the USB to Wireless the USB to USB
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources USB the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related Remote If includes sound and to the USB or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the or topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If it to the to with the to or If these to
Connecting to Source the VGA to the Computer1 or Computer2 If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related references If to the optional or A/V the with the to output the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the If the to the using optional If the or the to the using RCA the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the
Connecting to the and white the other of the to the or topic: Connecting to Sources If the to to the This the when the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the If there the Computer1 the to
Connecting to Connecting Microphone topic: To the sound from the to You the using the The built-in when You the to with or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: You microphone to the Mic to 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835).
Connecting to USB Devices USB Projection If microphone with the the the microphone to the Mic Turn the microphone, necessary. topic: Related Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or of these to USB or USB USB memory
Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source or USB-mounted You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting You USB or to the USB and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB shown USB USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics You switch the to the connected to USB
Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB with connected USB or to the from the If the button, off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB You the DC-06 to USB to the features software, the DC-06 to instead of the You to to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB USB
the Remote the other of the to the USB topic: Related Optional and The the AA that with the the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks topic: the To the cover, the A/V topic: the
the Network Wired Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wired 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). To this, the to and then and With the operations wired the and the as the software from the Software CD-ROM the following software and to and Network software the Network instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly using the Network Projection software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network To the to (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN LAN topic: Wired Network from the the using its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and the and
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the
Wireless Network to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from using the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, turn the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the the arrow buttons the To highlighted To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You to through wireless 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). To this, the optional wireless LAN and then and wireless If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly the Network Projection software.
the Wireless LAN There to the to wireless the optional Wireless USB only) the manually using the Network the and the the software from the Software CD the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless the Network Projection instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and the LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security topic: the Network Related Optional and To the wireless the optional wireless LAN 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). other type of wireless LAN the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord.
the cover and the cover. the screw the wireless LAN then the
the wireless LAN the the wireless LAN and using the screw the cover. and the
Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually topic: Network Related Optional and You the optional Wireless USB to the to wirelessly 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). Then and the when Turn the the USB to the USB You that the network information the USB the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If to the firewall. displayed the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection from wireless the the using its Turn the
Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless
Wireless LAN Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection Network Projection selecting these Wireless LAN On wireless LAN Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless Wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the to SSID On SSID searching to when connecting to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to LAN to or the optional USB to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Network Selecting Network OS IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the Click topic: Wireless Network connecting to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the the IP and Gateway as
Wireless Network Security topic: Network You security to the wireless 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). of the following security options to match the WEP WPA with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and Select the security as to match selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security
Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the network the Security WEP and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless WEP Encryption WEP security, selects the type of Format ASCII WEP security, selects the input HEX ID to WEP security, selects the WEP ID Encryption to characters the selected WEP ID selected WEP Encryption and the Encryption Format WEP Authentication WEP security, selects the type of WEP authentication Shared PSK from to WPA-PSK or WPA-2-PSK characters security, selects the the ASCII text input HEX input ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F) ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F)
Network topic: Network Security You the to the there with the Press the button. Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835
Turn the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network
Network SNMP with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Others and
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. these or through (where from to
If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or the turned connected to the the IP the and the You the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the Remote option. You this
Selects Selects and HDMI A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Caption Select the to the function to topic: the Network
If the and the 93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). and using You the or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and and connected to the If wirelessly, the the Advanced Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Others and
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 the to On to allow the to detected. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the
topic: Once to and to the the IP the browser's and the You this Select the input that to the Sources You through using the and the To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the displayed and
selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the With the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the Turn the or to the the
the cover. the to the
Turning the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown
Press the (To other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right necessary). To or the the light flashing), then the cord.
Selecting the the To the or the when the light or flashing the cover. topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 The Network appear non-network The 935W includes shown). the and the to and Press or to the
the Height topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their height. If the to the topic: Related
Shape Correcting with Corner Related You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the quality. correction corrects when the Correcting with Corner Correcting With the topic: You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the Press the Select the and
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 Select the and Select the Corner and Then You the Corner
Correcting With the the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow to the as necessary. finished, topic: Shape You the correction to the of that the Turn the and
the With the Press the correction, slightly If the of reach, the the the topic: Shape Related Turn the and
Focusing the the Remote To or reduce the the topic: Turn the and To the the topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the
the as Wireless the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as Wireless the as topic: Related the Remote You the as wireless from
You the wireless function when USB to the and buttons to through the to using the or HDMI USB the USB to USB wireless Press the the and as the USB the following buttons the to To through the and buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Related
the Remote as You the as to information The arrow, the Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Related references
Selecting Source If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary). of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the
Projection and HDMI USB and Network 93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and You the the or the the Remote the Projection the topic:
the Projection the Remote the Projection the You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the Select the and
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 Select the and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related Quality You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly.
Aspect Ratios topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to 96W/915W/935W Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to using the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio
the The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the
Turning On Iris To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre Sports bright displays Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright topic: Related Quality the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the
the with the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the buttons the or the to the as with The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes
To or the the the or these buttons the appears the To the to input the topic: Related references You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily or and the Slideshow Presentations Supported Slideshow or topic: Related USB Projection
Slideshow Presentations Supported Slideshow or Related Connecting USB or to the Slideshow the following: of topic: You these of the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the the the the topic: connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and or CMYK Highly
You the Slideshow operation options or effects highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to or To the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the
Slideshow While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic: Projecting Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On Displays continuously through
Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the Effect with with Random of topic: Starting or
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Creating to You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You the A/V the topic:
Action Temporarily and of Related You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the
Security Press the the You crosshair the the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following features: to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the using the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the
Security Security topic: You these of security On Protect from using the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protect from the the 93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the the Protect This about seconds.
93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 Press the arrow to and You the the and the the and the to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the Protect of the and
Selecting Security topic: Security the Protect Select the security to 93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and
to the To to Network Protect On and 93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835). You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the You the to the
to the the while the using the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835 Select the and You to the displayed as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and
You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever turn the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the the and 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835
Unlocking the Security Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft. the security the back of the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy
Creating to topic: Security You to the and then as to when the This the the to as the from or Press the the and 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835
Select the and Select the and You to the as Select and It the to the the its or connected it finished. You Press to the topic: Related
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and The Network appear non-network the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
You the the Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their
Quality Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the and
Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of to the tone based each the of the Iris On the based the brightness when selected The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input
You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input using Normal the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or and
right the location the screen whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the Expanded connected to the HDMI input fast-moving NR2 the graphics, and Expanded normally from selected the too Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features. height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835
H/V to and Corner vertically) locking to the Three the of the Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Varying the of or Mic Varying the of the when connected microphone 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) H/V manually and or correction or off Corner to and on-screen buttons the buttons Normal brightness ECO reduces brightness and and and
Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch Selects options topic: the Related Creating to Front/Rear Closed Caption Mic the selected type the to selects the type of or to and as displays to focusing and the and correcting
Correcting with Corner the features that its operation. 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835
The 935W includes shown). Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 type (closed Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether the A/V Background selects the or to when received CC2 NTSC connected through the or Rear Rear whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Direct On Selects options Communication On Selects whether the following when the Communication or (off) Direct On the without the High off the of inactivity 935W) the Cover off the the cover closed High the operating selects the to from the Computer1 from connected microphone to connected to the 935W)
Network Network Microphone On Selects whether the from connected microphone when the 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) On Selects whether the to 935W) when the from HDMI, USB USB, and LAN On to On microphone with 95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835) USB USB Selects the of the USB Selects the and option) topic: the the Network information and the and network USB when to the USB to Wireless wireless when to the or HDMI
95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835
Information Info Info Wireless LAN wireless and (Not Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection You information about the and input the Info the SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
the input The hours the least hours. Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service the
ID Information item ID the ID to the of ID (Not ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and connecting to the the the EasyMP Network Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection The unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF
ID and with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network topic: Information Info You of the to their using the option the You the to when the the option.
You the following the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and clean the and to the from overheating to The only should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to clean the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to clean the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic:
Cleaning the and the Clean the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord. Gently the using or (such as paintbrush). You the clean both of the or or to The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the Turn off the and the
the and the cover. the of the ether, resin, and of to
the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Specifications
the Information Info the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic:
the Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select and You to the and Press or to the topic: Related the
the The the AA or the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and the as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection Light the these sections the Projection Light the or Sound or Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light to the Flashing Flashing too light that the and with or obstructed Clean or the the too
light light and overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing On Flashing the to using the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: light that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. that the and with or If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the You the the or then the arrow topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not
Appears the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound to Microphone topic: If appears, try the following the cover or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality
Incorrect the USB Function Appears Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications with reduce the from from using off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the the USB topic: or Sound Related If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related
Appears the Not If appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the using the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the Turn the the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting with Corner
the or Static the or Blurry If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to If connected without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related Supported Related From PC From If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from topic: or Sound Related references Quality Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected connecting shorter If using the ECO selecting Normal the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound
to Sound to Microphone Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and connected If using the USB function, turn the from the the USB If 935W), the than when the from The should within topic: or Sound If there sound when microphone connected to the the following the microphone securely connected to the the Mic and as the topic: or Sound Related
or Remote to or Shut-Off Related Connecting Microphone the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The defective. Disconnect the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Remote Related references Light Related Unlocking the
to with the to If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Related references Optional and Remote If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote
Network Not Where to If to with the network 93/95/96W/905/915W/935W/1835), the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: Related Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection Related references Network Network If to technical services, the following options. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply.
the following information ready: Product Product (located the or rear of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active 92/93/95/96W (XGA) 96W/915W/935W (WXGA) F=1.58 to length: to 905/915W/935W/1835 F=1.51 to length: to
Brightness Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO 96W Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light output (ISO 915W Normal White light output (ISO light
ratio with Iris and Normal Projection 92/93/95/96W Projection rear, ceiling-mounted ECO White light (ISO 935W Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO to inches to 96W to inches to 915W/935W to inches to to inches to 905/915W/935W/1835 to inches to
aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio 92/93/95/96W (Tele-to-Wide) sound 92/93/95/96W/905 correction USB USB and USB or USB USB and USB input or EPSON topic: Technical Specifications 96W/915W/935W 905/915W/935W/1835 (Normal (ECO 915W/1835 (Normal (ECO 935W (Normal (ECO
Specifications UHE High Efficiency) 92/93/95/96W/905 92/93/95/96W/905 Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications 915W/1835 935W Normal to about hours ECO to about hours 915W/1835 Normal to about hours ECO to about hours 935W Normal to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated 96W 915W/1835 935W
supply to VAC to 96W/905 to 915W/1835 to 935W to
to V) Normal ECO 96W/905 Normal ECO 915W/1835 Normal ECO 935W Normal ECO (Communication N/A (Communication On) (Communication (Communication On) (Communication On) 96W/905/915W/1835 (Communication On) 935W (Communication (Communication On)
to V) topic: Technical Specifications Normal ECO 96W/905 Normal ECO 915W/1835 Normal ECO 935W Normal ECO N/A (Communication On) (Communication (Communication On) (Communication On) 96W/905/915W/1835 (Communication (Communication On) 935W (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications Supported to to to (relative, non-condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The below the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA to to to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA+ WXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+* WUXGA (Reduced MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV
Refresh HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV 96W/915W/935W when using the option as the topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Software Copyright Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in
allow of to the near the of the If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or frayed; or the or to or it or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat the or to the while to the while the its off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to impacts. the of such as candle, or near the the or other than the cover. the cover to temporarily with the closed This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Software Copyright This Class with ICES-003. NMB-003 topic: Notices EPSON Corner and and EPSON of Corporation. and TM TM and BrightLink TM and EPSON SM and SM service of America, Inc. WPA TM and WPA2 TM of the HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL the of of this If to the of the GPL please the "EPSON the and the of
These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free softwareto the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge
this service wish), that or that the software or of and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that licensed everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the Each as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the
You fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the user to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or,
Accompany it with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and only the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the
would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES
PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive
Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or itemswhatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13
The GNU as follows. You the GNU http//www.gnu.org/licenses/. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they
the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to
GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this Each as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this
If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the
that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to If such and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the terms of the the and such You with each of the that the it and that the and its covered this You of this If the copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the
library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based
Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to it and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation.
If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author>
This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that it WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of Coon>, of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English:
that this software please You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its
ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the option of the JPEG covered IBM AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the Huffman that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics Format) the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the distribution, the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc.
the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright rights This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. This or from L. of MD5 (RFC This the MD5 RFC whose text The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted. The and author of L. Other authors noted the history that follows ANSI to clarified from RFC statically or
Edited slightly TOC header rather than C++ from Martin This includes the software which the following of used) as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types.
"Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including cross-claim or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and
You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or terms and or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of
Copyright Notice the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge fee of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products.
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This information to without Inc. CPD-28247R2 topic: Copyright Notice