EPSON November AM
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. November AM SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SoundAdvice service and FaxAdvice of Inc. of SRS Inc., the United States and selected countries. SRS incorporated from SRS Inc. SRS and the Notice Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those CPD R1 Copyright Inc. California, USA
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the severely as specifically this the when cover the the and covers. to service this yourself. servicing to service Information About Information November AM WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following Information These commonly the following: There the IR and the IR the Other that such as heater, the coverings and/or the of sunlight. The them. the lighting and/or off lights. strong light the IR receiver. of lighting used. light too bright. directly from the containing of the If the properly, computer-based Turn off other that
of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference off and the to to the interference or of the following installation. This and and, interference to and reception, which turning the This tested and found to comply with the Class to and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this FCC United States November AM the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician Increase the the and receiver. WARNING or the this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this interfaces. or the the authority of this and interference which the established the FCC If this than interface connected to The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
found to with the Records to the as 47CFR to the following this expected to within the accepted, to and testing responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the interference, and this interference received, including interference that FCC as Class to the tested and operation. DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and November AM EPSON AMERICA, INC. CA MS: B2-11 Telephone: Address: 3-Chome, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Address: Class and EMP-8000/9000 LCD of Product: of that the specified conforms to the
Monday, November AM
Monday, November AM to four or workstation or You each that allows to and EPSON lightweight, You it such as VCR, DVD Introduction of the The of inputs, from VGA to SXGA with to It bright that easily the and of light enough to
front, rear, or This flexibility choosing the each You built-in SRS 3D sound when further required. November AM features of VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA and UXGA what type of used, the of clarity. the from and You through hand-held Additionally, the ELP IV software to The as wireless to operations with switching and with effects. Macintosh, G3, and computers, and workstations such as the SPARCstation. The Chapter The of and workstations: the which or HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. The IBM and Apple Macintosh, and Introduction
the the and To the of the this section summary of the with of that to features. the of November AM The buttons the allow to the and off, and to and functions and the You switching. the buttons to the to of Remote electricity turning off the the electricity, cooling the and the of the the the turned off, conserving To to operation, the the of the the the You the operating the and or the
To of the EPSON the following optional Optional November AM Product Product ELPLW01 Short throw ELPKS22 ELPKS21 carrying ATA ELPLP08 and carrying the and its to There Communication and to Macintosh. You the VGA-13W3 the to high-end workstation. ELPLR01 throw ELPKC04 ELPKC02 ELPLL02 throw ELP (HD15/HD15, (HD15/H15, ELPKC09 ELPSC06 Introduction
Product Product ELPPAS1 ELPST02 Remote IR Mediaphile PAS November AM You purchase these from or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please EPSON Accessories or ELPCVS1 microphone and (clear wireless Mediaphile CVS Optional
The instructions apply to both the and the This to and EPSON where noted otherwise. About This November AM or other optional and instructions to to Chapter the the the and the to the and the Chapter the to the and the operating options, and such as bass and Chapter the to the built-in to the and the of the and Chapter ELP IV to the ELP IV software to the from the and the Chapter covers procedures and lights and helpful information Chapter Troubleshooting, to and Introduction
Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical specifications the and the of the Where to November AM If or first Chapter Troubleshooting. If the EPSON technical through services and telephone services hours The following the information. Services From the reach World (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the anonymous If FTP and as the EPSON FTP of CompuServe type GO EPSON the introductory CompuServe membership, to reach the America and EPSON CompuServe Access Service Where to
to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON SoundAdvice SM Automated Telephone Services Access Service November AM You to Access technical information this service. EPSON FaxAdvice or Customer the location of Authorized EPSON EPSON Service follow the instructions the back of the EPSON Technical included with and AM PM the Technical through or charges apply. (PIN) EPSON Technical please the following information ready: Product Product of the Introduction
or www.epsonsupplies.com (U.S. only). please You purchase from EPSON Instructions Monday, November AM the type of indicated the If of the or the or Follow these instructions when and the the or of heat. only as recommended. properly grounded If to the with the three-wire grounding-type the outlet where the easily fiche Instructions the following the to with these or fire. the with the the
the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. This fire or shock. outlets, cords, or Monday, November AM the or other the and the They and the from overheating. or closed-in provided. of through of the service or covers to service this yourself. servicing to as specifically this to and other the or when the from the outlet and servicing to service the following heat-producing or heated such as the and top of If the or to or the or or Introduction
If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service purchased the that to that country. If the country other than where If or the housing November AM Instructions
Monday, November AM Introduction
November AM the You to the his chapter to to or other and turn everything The connected to or such as VCR, DVD or of the following: If the the to the as wireless this the to the or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
the these Unpacking the Monday, November AM Remote AA R/C ON OFF A/V RCA the
RCA November AM to to the ELP IV software) the as wireless and/or PS/2 the PC) USB the the PC)
the PC Monday, November AM Software CD ROM to the the or carrying carrying the the its (or the hand. instructions.) You these which the
To (One usually with each to the Additional November AM To and If To the to and You currently the ELP IV software with G3 or with To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to or other You these items from the You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right
to You to You the as wireless instead of the and the Effects buttons. the Remote Monday, November AM Follow these to the the off the cover. the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the
as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the following the cover. and Monday, November AM Positioning the The the and the the the somewhere and and from the the the to the below to the where to and or the of You the or the the This the You the
inches inches inches from to Monday, November AM inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches to the within of the or the
You the to of VGA, VGA (SVGA), XGA, XGA (SXGA), or UXGA such Connecting to Monday, November AM and (You to high-end workstations from Graphics, IBM, to high-end workstations; and Apple computers, including G3 Apple with IBM IBM The following the interface the back of the to to this as or other to the the section that to both the and turned off finished connecting to to the and Connecting to
H/C B/B-Y G/Y R/R-Y November AM Rear IR Mouse/Com Mouse/Com H/C B/B-Y R/R-Y Mouse/Com1 Mouse/Com2 G/Y Remote A/C To the to PC to: the and the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) Connecting to PC off the and they Follow the each section the to the location of the to the with the
First the and to this while following the below. Connecting the and November AM Connecting to
If the as below. (This when to the as the the from the to the as shown the back of Then the the Monday, November AM of the to the the connecting the other of the to the the
IV software, to the It If to the as or the ELP the screws Connecting the and November AM The PS/2 or USB (to the as to this while following the below. The (to the ELP IV software) PS/2 or USB Mouse/Com Connecting to
Mouse/Com Mouse/Com the the round of the to the Monday, November AM MOUSE or USB included with the to the To the as wireless the PS/2 the of the USB while from the the back of and with the other of the PS/2 or the as the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB If and using shown the the
To the ELP IV software or to the SERIAL to the the of the Effects buttons the of the November AM You to ELP IV that to the other of the to the the back of Tighten the screws Connecting to
the the the If of the to connecting Connecting the November AM the other of the to the or the sound the
To the to PC to: the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) Connecting to PC the November AM off the and they Follow the each section the to the location of the to the with Connecting the First the to Connecting to of the to the the
the other of the to the the screws Connecting the and Monday, November AM IV software, to the It If to the as or the ELP The PS/2 or USB (to the as to this while following the below. The (to the ELP IV software) PS/2 or USB Mouse/Com the
Mouse/Com the the round of the to the connecting Monday, November AM To the as wireless the PS/2 or MOUSE USB included with the to the the of the the of the PS/2 to the or the USB to the USB Connecting to If and the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB shown the
SERIAL to the the of the the Effects buttons the of the To the ELP IV software, or to November AM You to ELP IV that to the other of the to the the back of and the this with the function or the You to the to appear both the or instructions. to with the
the the the If of the to Connecting the November AM PC locations the location of the to the other of the to Connecting to
the and To the to to: the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) Connecting to Monday, November AM turn off the and they Follow the each section the to G3 or with You currently the ELP IV software with the location of the to the with Notes: the
First the and to this as follow the below. Connecting the and Monday, November AM Connecting to
of the to the Computer the November AM the cover the (as shown below) and its DIP switches with the to such as 16-inch instructions. the
the of the to the other of the November AM the from the the back of the Macintosh. Then the (with the attached) to the the Macintosh. Connecting to
To the the the the other of the to the of the to the and Monday, November AM the screws the the
IV software, to the It If to the as or the ELP The or USB (to the as Connecting the and Monday, November AM The (to the ELP IV software) to this while following the below. or USB Mouse/Com Connecting to
Mouse/Com Mouse/Com the to the of the to the Monday, November AM To the as wireless of MOUSE the or USB to the the of the Macintoshs the other of the or USB to the or USB Macintosh. the
To the ELP IV software or to the Effects buttons the of the MAC SERIAL to the the of the November AM or the other of the to the the back of Macintosh. Connecting to
If using of the to the the the connecting Connecting the Monday, November AM the other of the to the the
to to the To the to to: Connecting to Monday, November AM match the the the location of locations necessary. off the and they Follow the each section the to the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with the Connecting to
First the to this as follow the below. Connecting the Monday, November AM allow to the information connecting directly to the without the
of the to the the November AM the the and its DIP switches with the to (such as 16-inch instructions. Connecting to
the of the to the other of the November AM the (with the attached) to the the the
the of the to the the back of the the other to the If with the of the November AM Connecting to
IV software, to the It If to the as or the ELP The or USB (to the as Connecting the and November AM The (to the ELP IV software) to this while following the below. or USB Mouse/Com the
Mouse/Com the the round of the to the connecting Monday, November AM MOUSE the or USB to the To the as wireless of the of the Connecting to
the other of the or USB to the or USB the back of the Monday, November AM Effects the of the MAC SERIAL to the the of the To the ELP IV software or the the back of the other of the to the the
If of the to the the the connecting Connecting the Monday, November AM the other of the to the Mirroring the to turn the and to choose the LCD as as the Connecting to
of input leading workstations, this these the the of workstation to Since the Connecting to High-End Workstation Monday, November AM There workstation Those workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 information workstation. Connecting to Source You VCR, DVD or other to three-connector (Y, R-Y, RCA The or four-pin B-Y) The with the
You the to and the the selects the as the that detected. that the then to and and the The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM type of November AM The type of to the to the the RCA and RCA with the the or the BNC type that with The below shows the and with or from whether or RCA BNC Connecting to Source
with the If round, four-prong or BNC type to purchase the or the that If round, one-prong (RCA) the RCA that with Turn off the and they To to the November AM the RCA of other RCA to the of the RCA to the the the
the RCA to the of the the the other of the RCA to the white the and the the the of the the other the of the of Monday, November AM R/R-Y G/Y B/B-Y and the (Dont of the three of BNC the of the the C/R-Y, and B-Y the HD/Sync and VD EPSON as optional accessory with BNC which purchase from The 2/BNC Connecting to Source
Although the internal enough or the to from the built-in 3D sound function. or (PA) or to Connecting to or PA November AM RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to sound to Turn off the and or PA they the to the the
EPSON offers the Mediaphile PAS and the Mediaphile CVS (clear amplification. information. the the and the the RCA to the amplified or PA white the Monday, November AM Its to the and its attached the following The internal when used. Turning the On and ready to off the them off the (such as VCR), from or amplified or PA necessary) (follow the the section) Turning the On and
of the to the light the indicating that the other to grounded The the (The turned Follow these to the Turning the On and November AM Press the the or to the The light flashes as the If or attached, the or projected. Allow about seconds the Warning: the when the This It that the to the appears. Press the The and the light flashes about seconds as the down.When the cooled flashing The light If the to the back while the light there appears. the
the when the light this the the the cord. November AM Turning the On and
Monday, November AM the
Monday, November AM the the with the and the his chapter the following information about using Positioning the relative to the Focusing and positioning the the the operating
The below the of Monday, November AM foot lights foot Positioning the to choose the If front, rear, and allowing or to this the Advanced information. the
the the height and to the To the when to from or the the as closely as with the of November AM Positioning the
from the the as as with the top of November AM clockwise or counterclockwise to the or to the the Press the the of the finished, the back where the properly the function to the This allows to to correction the the to increase or the aspect ratio of the ELP IV software, to the
the below. that the of the rotating the The the and the the To the (or to the of information.) and Projection Monday, November AM To the and of when know the Inches: To the when know the of the Inches: Positioning the
inches inches inches* from to the three installations: November AM To the and of when the of inches, the to from the the of the inches inches inches inches inches inches Throw (ELPLL02) Inches: the
To the when the of the Inches: Monday, November AM To the and of when know the Short Throw (ELPLW01) To the when know the of the Positioning the
To the of when know the Inches: Short Throw (ELPLR01) November AM To the when know the of the Projection Projection Inches: the
Focusing and Positioning the appears that and correctly the November AM To the of the the (the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to To the the (the the Focusing and Positioning the You cant the with the throw
If to or the the or the the of the as follows: the they and Dont the and the front of while the foot located the This the November AM Dont or the its This the While the or the the correctly positioned. Release the to the their clockwise to the and counterclockwise If to the height of the the to the height. the
optically the the of the to the and then turning the clockwise or counterclockwise to the the to increase or the This allows to to aspect ratio of or pressing the the ELP IV software, to You the function to Monday, November AM of input from Press the The the the or the to of the following the With than XGA the and than SXGA the the the of the or the the around of the than SXGA the to the the With than XGA the and the If the reduces the to the the the or with SXGA The with XGA the
electricity, cools the and the of the the the to electricity turning off the the and the or the cord. amount of the This November AM You the or the top of the to the following the Access the to the and Switch input or Automatically the the only) Turn the or off the the only) functions only) or Temporarily the
IR the A/V November AM ON/OFF cover OFF R/C ON A/V effects buttons cover the
Additional options the below the A/V Monday, November AM BNC OFF R/C ON BNC Comp1 Comp1 of the receivers The line-of-sight To the located the front and back of the Preset You the to about from You within from the the (This shorter the front or the
connected the to the and To to the as wireless Chapter instructions.) Effects The with the following options: Monday, November AM The to commands these information these effects, the to freehand Clear the R/C OFF The on/off switch the strong light (such as sunlight) the type of light light too bright the Other (such as heater) Correct these to the or the from
the or the The following the or the Function Monday, November AM Pressing the right of the the the of the reduces the To of which of the or reduces the from to the and the to the location. off the and the or background. A/V the or off. RC ON/OFF the to the or the as when the connected to the Computer, the acts as left-click. with the and the the the function. Pressing while or the displays the or the Computer, the acts as right-click. to effects. Additional effects the ELP IV software, or instructions.) Effects buttons the seconds. or the the
Switches to the Comp1 the Switches to the Function November AM the to the to the location and (P P) or the to or reduce the or subscreen the to the Switches to and the Switches to the Computer2/BNC 2/BNC the the and to the to and the the Preset and it assigned the through To and tracking, and To overwrite to the to To the appears, choose and Switches the and VGA, SVGA, SXGA and UXGA input. You the the input matches the of the the the
the Monday, November AM You the to the instead of the the only when the A/V Included the ELP IV software CD the connected and the ICP and then (ICP) software. This displays full-screen which to tracking and synchronization To ICP, with the the ICP Software The following the the or Function the
Switches to the Pressing the once switches to switches to Switches and Computer Function Monday, November AM the function. Pressing while or the displays the previous or the Computer, the acts as right-click. off the and the or background. A/V Switches the and VGA, SVGA, SXGA, and UXGA input. You the the input matches the of the or the the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. Allows or selection of displayed. arrows these buttons to with or to operations. Matches the internal clock to graphic Allows of displayed. right arrows (tracking the Selects option or the Pressing when or the
to correcting to Pressing the and the increases or the sound Function November AM The lights top of the the operating the when with the Lights light light light light serious Chapter what to light the
(It projecting.) Steady Light Monday, November AM Light The or there internal Allow about seconds. Flashing cooling Flashing and Steady Projection Light to Steady with or supply. Flashing replacing. flashing and functioning normally. Light Lights
turned off of overheating. Steady too Flashing Light November AM Light with the cooling or Flashing functioning normally. the
Monday, November AM the The features, such as the bass, and 3D sound. The the assigned to the Effects the and the allow to from the or the The the and of the and whether the or VCR).
The and which as or with the A/V option. A/V options as the (P P) The allows to or such option, and BNC input November AM The the factory the including The Advanced allows to or projection, and the The About information about H/V hours, and or selection. the
To the the the or the The appears. Accessing the November AM of options appears to the right. The shows of the when options whether the the or The the the Press the to the Accessing the Included the ELP IV software CD the which to to (ICP) software. This displays full-screen synchronization, brightness, RGB and white and sharpness. Software
To ICP, with the connected and operating, the ICP and then the ICP November AM Press the the or to the the to through the Press the or arrows or or choices. To OFF R/C ON A/V A/V the
OFF R/C ON Press the to A/V Monday, November AM A/V or the to Press the or right arrow buttons or right of the Press the or or or the to through the finished to back to the The automatically.
options to (turned or (turned off). options indicated light. options The each of the below. Monday, November AM the to or to The connected and operating, and the these The to the The following options when the or Source Computer) or right the to the Select this item and then the right arrow or and right to Then the the the Position the to to the the internal clock to graphic this to from the Tracking item with the tracking from the this to or the
to light and Decrease it the light and areas. Increase the to the light and areas. or the Increase to or to the Brightness item Monday, November AM Then the or and buttons Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the to the selected Increase the Next, the or and right buttons to the and the the to to the the of the input RGB the this should the allowing the to the If to specify however, from including the and Allows to and to Preset the sharpness of the Sharpness Source Computer)
Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the items to their factory item November AM actually the from operating to these the The to and the (such as VCR, DVD, or and VCR.) If and then the to clear the without The to the The following options when the Select and then the to the Source or right the to the Select this item and then the right arrow or and right to Then the the the item the to to the the
or the Increase to or to the Brightness Decrease to the the lightest Increase the to light and the of light and areas. and of the item November AM the of the Increase to or to red. (NTSC only) the Increase the and Decrease and items to their factory the sharpness of the Sharpness Next, and then the Select this item and then the right arrow or right the to the to the If and then the to clear the without Source
the to the sound and of item Monday, November AM the tone of the (Press the right arrow increase the the arrow or the or right the to the to the Increase the to the or to the the the and the bass tone of the Next, and then the Select this item and then the to the to the If and then the to clear the without the input. sound, increase this items to their factory SRS CENTER SRS SPACE 3D Sound or and the
The the assigned to the Effects buttons. item Monday, November AM Selects the to as the graphic and Cursor/Stamp Next, and then the Select this item and then the to the to the Effect Effect items to their factory the to or High. Cursor Selects the free and Selects If and then the to clear the without
The allows to or options. item November AM to correcting to temporary or the Prompt whether or when the Selects the or the subscreen. the BNC input. If the RGB. If the BNC the optional I/F board BNC or when the turned off. A/V the off when the DPMS from the items to their factory DPMS If and then the to clear the without Next, and then the Select this item and then the to the to the the
The allows to and which as splash or with the A/V and Monday, November AM Press the the or to the Press the arrow or the to to the option. Follow these to and the (with the Press or to the with the the as the to the of the to the arrow buttons the or the as the Once selected the Select and selection the the this appears the and If to the selected, and
the to and then the arrow buttons the or the and If to the the this user appears, Monday, November AM the the completed, the or to redisplay the or other while the the the A/V Follow these to assign the to the the to the A/V Press the the or to the displayed). A/V the button the or the to the Press to turn off the Select the and then the the or Press the the or Select from the A/V the
or to the The the to their Select and the the Select to the or to Monday, November AM Selects the to the English, Spanish, or Chinese. The Advanced options. item Advanced the to increase the Press the arrow or the white. Press the right arrow or right the whiteness of the white; warmer to the Press the right arrow or right the to the Black user the Press the arrow or the to white the White
the input You AUTO, NTSC, NTSC NTSC50, PAL, PAL, PAL, PAL or SECAM. while OFF off Turn Mirrors the its (left-right). Selecting ON this option when from Rear item Monday, November AM Mirrors the its (top-bottom). Selecting ON this option when the mounted from the while OFF off Turn Select to the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com only. and the Mouse/Com Mouse/Com If and then the to clear the without Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input Advanced items to their factory Next, and then the Select this item and then the to the to the Advanced to the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com only. the
information about the and the the About displays hours, and About Source Computer) November AM the of hours the used. the of the the and the polarity of the Polarity the of the item the the About displays information about the hours and the refresh of the Refresh Rate About Source item About Source Computer) the of hours the used. the input
November AM the
November AM ELP IV ELP IV software from graphics You the software to or to and the Effects buttons the This chapter to: the software ELP IV and features the Effects buttons
ELP IV software with the following operating the Software November AM the ELP IV software, the properly connected to with the and Chapter instructions. OS and OS NT or Connecting or the CD-ROM should automatically. If and If or NT, the ELP IV E:\SETUP then The appears. OK E), then or the Software CD CD-ROM Follow these to ELP IV or or NT: Turn and the Software ELP IV
ELP the software from the and options installation. Select the You the ELP IV the and IV checked. E:\SETUP the CD-ROM If the then The appears. OK E), then or Monday, November AM to the If OK Then the ELP IV Click Next the software. Then the the ELP IV Follow the instructions the to directory or to If selected to follow the on-screen instructions to You the Software the and the the Software Unconnected and If from the Option the exiting ELP IV the correctly the
You currently the ELP IV software with G3 or with Follow the below to the software the Macintosh. the Software Monday, November AM the Software CD CD-ROM You to the OK software. Select and You the Software the and the CD-ROM necessary. Double-click the Unconnected and If from the Option the exiting ELP IV the correctly the the finished, the ELP OK selected and, necessary, and then ELP IV You the You the to Select the where to the software and ELP IV
software. If the as the to the and the to the Follow the the section below to the software. ELP IV Monday, November AM Topics If while ELP IV, choose from the If Macintosh, slightly than the this chapter. Starting the from The ELP IV appears the of or the or NT. ELP IV the ELP IV ELP IV ELP IV and then the If the If or NT, group. Starting ELP IV
and Then the COM using or connected to incorrect COM If to the software without the connected, Unconnected and Select If connected, If to or the software with the disconnected, the the Monday, November AM Click the The ELP IV appears. Starting the ELP IV Double-click the the ELP IV Property Then the Option and to COM If ELP IV the first (whichever connected the to). or from the Option then choose the the ELP IV If the COM when the software, or the COM to which the connected, the COM from the ELP IV software. the COM Assignment Select and to the Choose COM from the that appears. ELP IV
functions to the Effects buttons from the ELP IV to the effects, assign the Effects Monday, November AM the option selected, then To assign function to Effects the to assign, then choose function from the the to the Effects selections such as and Function and the Remote Effects
the to function as and the the or software Once Effects To effects the Effects buttons, the ELP IV connected to the The following these and to them. November AM from the created and the to the To another the Press the Effects assigned to this the using the to the Press the to the free the straight the and Function Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the the the and then the to the To another the from the created and the to the Press the Effects assigned to this Then the the to the the using the Then the the from the created and once to the of the the to the of the To another the ELP IV
Press the Effects assigned to this Then the once to the of of the To another the from the created and the to the to the of the of the the using the Then the the the and Function Monday, November AM Press the Effects assigned to this the using To another the from the created and the to the the Press the to the Creates or You this function to highlight of the with or Press the Effects assigned to this the to the where the to appear. Then the from the created and the assigned Effects to the To another the to the or of the Press the assigned Effects to the selected sound Sound the the Remote Effects to the to and Press Press the Effects assigned to this Click the To the assigned Effects to the sound.
Press the Effects assigned to this the created and the to the another spotlight, the from the spotlight the assigned Effects to the spotlight. To to the where the spotlight to appear. Then Creates spotlight the light and Function Monday, November AM This when often to type of characters Press the assigned Effects to type the Press the assigned Effects to clear the Clears Effects functions previously executed. Clear Screen To or function, with or the the as ELP IV
Functions Monday, November AM Each of the Effects buttons assigned function: the to freehand Clear the the Remote Effects through that to the and If to function to the function from the
specify options each function. You the Once assigned to or Effects buttons, options assigned to the effects. To the option to apply from the options displayed below the Effects (The options which currently assigned to the Effects buttons.) Effects November AM (If the as To the and then the to and each To the the right the and buttons, respectively.) ELP IV
this to the background text or through the The following the options each function. Specify the from to Choose the Function Monday, November AM of the of the of the Specify whether to the to the corners this to the background text or through the Specify the from to Specify the from to Choose the this to the background text or through the Click this to the background text or through the this to the with this to the with Specify the from to Choose the Choose the the Remote Effects this to round the corners of the Track
this to the background text or through the Specify the from to Choose or Direction Choose the Function November AM You the option to the as leaving the intact, or to overwrite the existing To and then To the choose from the and To the to the To New. The appears, allowing to the To the choose from the Click the to used. You the option to the as leaving the intact, or to overwrite the existing To it and then To the choose from the and To the to the displays allowing to the To New. The To the choose from the To and then the displays, Cursor Click the to used. Click To to choose the selecting the To the sound, the Sound To and then the displays, ELP IV
this to the background text or through the spotlight. Specify the from to light Choose the Function Monday, November AM to characters, including such as Ctrl A, the to field. The Backspace and recorded. the Although of assignments, active Click the to than of assignments. Click the to clear the assignment. options Clear Shortcut Click the the field and then the function to to this (F2 through F12). the which to function If to follow these Functions to the the Remote Effects
The Function To Effects assignments, to the Entry appears. and Recalling Effects Assignments Monday, November AM OK Specify the and To of assignments from the Entry its and then the displayed, To of assignments, its from the Entry To without the from the ELP IV
You the ELP IV software to the following features: Monday, November AM To basic of the buttons below: the Specifying the Creating Source Computer Source On, A/V
Choose from the Select You the following November AM or of the as The options the following Click the the to ELP IV
the (synchronization) to tracking to Tracking Option November AM or AUTO Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, the to the received. the of red, and the the and screen brightness. Brightness sharpness. Sharpness choose the from the from to To the and and and OK. Preset the currently selected. to their
the (synchronization) to tracking to Tracking Option Monday, November AM or AUTO Selects the You AUTO, PAL, NTSC, the to the received. the of red, and the brightness. Brightness sharpness. Sharpness the tint. (NTSC only) choose the from the from to To the and and and OK. Preset the currently selected. to their ELP IV
the sound the Option November AM sound effects. increase the the enhanced. the currently selected. to their the bass SRS CENTER 3D Sound or SRS SPACE and
to correcting to Option Monday, November AM the input as RGB or Y, R-Y, B-Y. BNC the off when the DPMS from the Temporarily displays the which or the Prompt whether or when the Selects the or the DPMS or user when the turned off. A/V the currently selected. to their ELP IV
user the Option Advanced November AM that to from the or Rear Projection. From the input You AUTO, NTSC, NTSC NTSC50, PAL, PAL N, PAL M, PAL HDTV or SECAM. white; warmer white. You the and white the of the the currently selected. Cursor the of hours the used. the and to their Option About the of the the polarity of the the of the
the currently selected. to their Option November AM and and the Select Option the currently selected. to their ELP IV
Choose the option from the Option The following appears: the November AM the or to to the the bitmapped from the specified. Either type the or The should character-based the You to that the properly. Choose of the following:
Click to the selected OK Click to the and the November AM Click the the The appears. Specifying ELP IV
and and Select the November AM Choose the or from the The appears. Click to the selected. the The Click
Choose the from the The appears. November AM the to and then ELP IV
then to or to the You or from the Choose the option from the Select The appears. Creating November AM and or or The selected appears the Choose the from the The appears.
Selecting To the the The Selecting appears. Monday, November AM the to To the Choose the from the to choose the command. To increase or the which the displays, from the the the to as OK Click to the The reappears. To to the choose the from the the displays, You using the ELP IV
The Cursor/Stamp Cursor/Stamp Choose the option from the Select appears. You or or from the Cursor/Stamp Creating Cursors/Stamps Monday, November AM
Click the The Cursor/Stamp appears. Monday, November AM Choose the from the to the and redisplay the Cursor/Stamp Click to the the the Cursor/Stamp the and tools. Choose the or command from the to Cursor/Stamp from the To to the choose the the displayed, ELP IV
from the Cursor/Stamp displays New To of choose the allowing to of Monday, November AM Creating New Choose the from the appears. To and then Select the and To Exiting the Software To and the ELP IV software, choose the from the Exiting the Software
Monday, November AM ELP IV
Monday, November AM to cool the and or smears appear the You to You should the the the of the from overheating. other replacing, or service The should the and If
Warning: of the off the severely. to service this yourself, as and the cord. cover the the and covers. the specifically this other servicing to service November AM Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with alcohol-based and the Cleaning the Cleaning the or the with cloth. To or cloth with and To the first the cord. To Then the thinner, or other These the to
Clean the the of the every hours This overheating and of If cleaned become with the To clean the follow these Cleaning the Monday, November AM Turn the its that the top and the easily. the cover to release the cover. the cover. the with the the top from the housing. Turn off the and the Cleaning the
or EPSON Accessories If the to or the torn, the United States and to recommended that and other office to the If The attached to the of the cover. It lint-free cloth. November AM The typically about hours of It to the when: the cover when the The light red, or flashing and and the The LAMP REPLACE appears the screen when the about hours of To as as or EPSON the United States and ELPLP08. The or to Warning: the cool Also, the of the assembly. Touching the of the
screwdriver to the screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws from the cover. Turn the the cover. Turn off the and the Monday, November AM the
screwdriver to the three screws holding the (You these screws.) November AM the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover securely. Tighten the screws the the lowering the and the
to please follow these to The and If the Transporting the Monday, November AM hard-shell carrying (such as optional EPSON the business first the accessory then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to carrying (such as the optional offered EPSON). of cushioning If the the repairs, the around the EPSON incurred the
Monday, November AM
Monday, November AM Troubleshooting and information to with the his chapter the indicated the warning lights It the following with the this section the and to what the warning lights with the this section the responding to commands. with the or sound. this section or the
that apply to You the If of the the If the section and follow the the or or EPSON as Monday, November AM If with the first off and These lights to with the the warning lights the top of the Then the back and the If this with the light light light light Troubleshooting
The too and turned off automatically. The Flashing Light November AM The to replaced. the Chapter instructions.) flashing and or Theres with the supply, or malfunction the Flashing Theres with the cooling or service Flashing There with the service The off and the cooling Flashing The operating normally. The Flashing The with the because of internal The off service the following information what to when these lights or other with the
The cooling the light off and then the The light flashing and the The light Monday, November AM or to or the light red. securely both the outlet and the and the Turn off the that the and reseating the the as The light red. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service The overheating, which the off automatically. the then back nothing the The clogged. Clean as and then the cool awhile. Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. Troubleshooting
the turned The RC switch, the On of the should turned to the The to commands. with the Remote November AM the wireless when the ELP IV software. selected the COM If necessary, the COM from the Advanced information. the securely connected to both and the The them. the receivers. the lighting and Light that too or of lighting turn off lighting. the of sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. with the Remote
that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as Chapter with the or Sound appear the Monday, November AM the or the the resized. If the higher than information Comp1, BNC the or the or The selected. Press the the to choose another of the displayed. the and the to the the right-click the group. If the with this choose as follows. Troubleshooting
Macintosh, choose the Apple and then choose the choose and or another the or the selected. Displays November AM connected to the selected, the that the DIP switches instructions.) NO SIGNAL displayed, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the selected correctly. If attached to Macintosh, and the Then that the correctly. You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. The the the the displayed. with the or Sound
There or smears the Clean the as the Tracking and the Brightness and the If buttons the The or of the or November AM The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The The of the right. that the turned the and that the securely to both the and the A/V Also, the the option the to the The incorrect. If and (NTSC only) the of red, and If the There sound. The selected. Press the the to the Troubleshooting
November AM Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of Technical Specifications of (ANSI) (ANSI) Brightness reproduction F=1.82.3,
to feet to to inches to to inches to Monday, November AM rear, mount) Projection using ELP IV) correction aspect ratio ratio NTSC, PAL, PAL-M, PAL-N, HDTV, SECAM interface Supported UHE High Efficiency) Projection About hours ELPLP08 Technical Specifications
Supports PS/2, USB, ADB Remote AA November AM 10-foot (typical Supports EPSON Remote IR Remote IR inches inches Mechanical inches to to C), to VAC, to VAC, supply Rated to to C),
to RH, to RH, FCC 15J Class UL1950 United States November AM CSA C22.2 DOC SOR/88-475 EN Class EN Directive 89/336/EEC CE EN Directive 73/23/EEC The following the the VGACGA VGAEGA Supported NEC400 Technical Specifications
Monday, November AM VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA3_60 SXGA3_75 SXGA_85 SXGA1_70 SXGA1_75 SXGA1_85 SXGA2_60 SXGA2_75 SXGA2_85
November AM UXGA48i UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480P MAC19-60 MACLC13 MACII13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 HDTV720P (SMPTE) (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV480I HDTV480I (ATSC) HDTV480P (ATSC) (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV1080I (ANSI/SMPTE) HDTV1080I Technical Specifications
NTSC (SXGA) NTSC (XGA) PAL (SXGA) PAL (XGA) November AM The of allow the to correctly. SECAM (SXGA) SECAM (XGA)
and and assignments RGB, the assignments: The and and Monday, November AM (ID GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND GND GND (ID GND GND SDA Technical Specifications
Monday, November AM The recording and of red, and synchronization Brightness. The of light and and synchronization information type of that and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of Contrast. of the tonal the highlights white and DPMS. that computers when specified amount of
NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase New and of Africa. Monday, November AM of the amount of contained inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of that as of red, and of or One inch. TV Eastern and SECAM of Africa. turned off when power-saving which the only amount of the type of S-VHS It and separately. SVGA Graphics SVGA higher than VGA
VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of UXGA. Graphics UXGA higher than SXGA SXGA. Graphics SXGA higher than XGA Monday, November AM XGA. Graphics XGA higher than VGA
Monday, November AM