Theater
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. and DNX of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-18712 Copyright Notice
Introduction The theater-quality the of offers these features: and to incredibly TM TM (DNX TM to fast-moving appear clear and wide-format including front or and ceiling-mounted, with to and and to the without to lighting and software and using the and Warranty The with basic two-year carry-in warranty. who their offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or overnight Service To the that with and to products, and service.
cover VGA D4 the U.S.) foot AC (RS-232C) cover USB
lights the on-screen Memory buttons selection/Line Selects items or off the to the and buttons Source Switches connected to the the correction buttons Corrects the of Aspect the aspect ratio the item On/Off buttons lighting Aspect the aspect ratio ESC the item Source buttons Switch connected to the Lights the buttons the
Optional the following optional the Product (ELPLP28) V13H010L28 (ELPAF04) V13H134A04 mount ELPHB01 security ELPSL01 ELPSV01 You purchase of these from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please This This the information to the to and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the to injury. to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful More Information of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and and the Choosing Location You the as shown below. If the or overhead to and/or the selecting the Projection option overhead to the optional mount information). to the height where its the top and of the That the and the to the This the If the or below to or to the the this the of the its using the function Rear/Ceiling Rear
If the off to the it straight (rather than the of the then the to the the farther to the or right than the of the or to (or The of the the from the to the the and other the this as rough Projection these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded outlet or cord.
Connecting the You the to type of such as VCR, DVD HDTV or or You to or PC or Apple You to four of the as shown this RCA (with VGA Select or as the
or to these D4 the U.S.) If to the to the or the properly Other the the and grounded The light the when the and (RS-232C) and USB to of these to the software. to of these to this
This DC when the turned This whether the or off. It to or when the to as shown.
Operation the as then follow the instructions below to and Turning On the the Press the On the or the the The about seconds to and If to the as the If this first the as To from turning the the Child Turn the
Turning the To off the the the or the the the cool while the light flashes (about seconds). Once the light flashing and to the Turn the off when Continuous reduce its life. the without the or and cool, or the and reduce life. Selecting the Source The Source buttons switch from of to the (such as DVD or or If the the Source that to the to which connected. To the connected to the the If the (located the of the This lights the To temporarily off the and the (without turning off the the Press the to to
Choosing the Aspect Ratio and to when selected as the Aspect If to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the If connected to the or to the If the option (when the connected to the or to choose of these Normal TV broadcasts, or aspect recorded On to of these or recordings (or anamorphic) Through than and to its without to the Through recorded than and to its If the the of the off. You the Caption option to and the the the when choose Aspect Normal
Choosing the You the to the brightness, and the lighting You each input which of from might the to that and the to Select the to then the the Choose from these bright their with their the Black and White increases and tones appear Theatre with that to the You the and other using the or the software You of and the or turned then the as If necessary, the to the If the connected the the and displays the If the first, or of connected to the manually. If appear, the troubleshooting
Focusing and the To the sharpness or of the to to Press the the then Cross-hatching. Press the or the or You this the arrow buttons to the sharpness or If the to the while focusing the This the precisely. Press SC when Selecting the If the the the type of connected to Press the the the buttons to the then the and Choose from these options: that outputs NTSC that HDTV that RGB the to the of which to
Inverting and Mirroring the If the displayed or backward, the option: Press the the the to the then the Screen and Projection Choose from these the located front of the the located front of the and mounted overhead. Rear the located the Rear/Ceiling the located the and mounted overhead. Positioning the If the the the and to its You to Press the the then Cross-hatching If to the height of the using the the front of the and the the correctly. You the to the of the
Correction If the or the function to its If the or the off to the of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the To correction: Press the the the buttons to the then the Screen and the arrow buttons to the of the Press the when
the The includes to the from once and to from turning the without To the follow these Press the the the buttons to the then the and Choose from these options: to the from to the from Child to to the from the of the To the the or and the least seconds. to the buttons the buttons
You the on-screen to the such as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the to of the this chapter. You the and the Press the the or You to this (the the connected): options If connected to the options the arrow buttons to highlight the then to the arrow buttons to option. the arrow buttons to as (You to to choice.) Press the to to the previous or the to highlighted
the these options to the displays the from to the On-Screen the arrow buttons to choose the the Navigation On-Screen Navigation Select whether to the which which buttons to On-Screen Select the displays. Navigation
the Quality the these already selected the and as The to approximately simplifying of the each input A, B). the input to switch to each input and Brightness and The Brightness light the The other below the the light and of the the Brightness first, then the with the other as Brightness Quality Brightness the brightness brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the or this reduces and and to the of the Advanced with the United States, this option to This the threshold which of the to of the Quality the to the of the Then the as
White Level/Black Quality White Level/Black the White that the brightest of the washed Then the Black that shadow-level the of the Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Quality Sharpness this function to and appear the Advanced this off when containing of such as and If or when (such as graphics or or when the Reduction Advanced Reduction this off from with of Turning the interference and appear the to or
If the correct, them these the first three below to the If only to the with the You PC or to the and the software. Quality this to the of the (This Quality this to the and (This this to the and You the the the to Tone this to to the or the correcting black-and-white tints. You the the the to on-screen RGB RGB the RGB to the of the You the and each (red, and to intermediate shades, and the lightest shades.
to the the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Quality Tracking the tracking to This to when the of (such as text white background). Quality the synchronization to the tracking properly first.
and Selections Once the them as the Memory This easily them and switch from of to another. You to of If necessary, the options to its factory-default You clear the or the Creating Memory the to as the memory. This the through the Aspect and and Press the the the then Memory: Select the memory to then the indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and the their You to the of the Once created or memory easily them: Press the Memory the If to memory choose or to the type of to the arrow to the then the Select Memory to to the memory that created advanced memory the appears the selected Memory
the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the clear the memory or the to their Follow these Press the the the of the following: Select to clear the and to information). Select Memory to clear memory created, as to to their the and memory and
the of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Scaling Advanced Scaling this the of the that normally the Select to and RGB and and Normal displays to slightly interference the top or of the Normal displays Screen the arrow buttons to the of the the Caption Caption the and of the that only the aspect ratio to to the of the and to the or
On-Screen Turn this off to on-screen from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or Background On-Screen Background the thats when the or when the to temporarily Select instead of Black or (to the EPSON background). Screen On-Screen Turn this off to the EPSON from appearing while the Selecting Other Caption the of the the and right the or Screen Mirrors and/or the front, rear, or overhead projection.
these the type of to the this the the (only affects through the or this to match the type of connected to the If necessary, the to match the D4 this to match the type of connected to the D4 the U.S.). COM COM Select the type of to PC or the software. Choose USB or RS-232C Turn this the to while the operating. You this to or automatically. information. the off when there Turn off this the to the to and the of the the and the buttons the or child that to the
You the software that with to each the individually. You the software of switch the aspect or right from follow the instructions this section to the software and the to You or that these Microsoft NT 98SE, OS through OS or XP or MMX TM or G3 or 10MB RAM 7MB RAM 2MB 5MB XGA or and
the Software that the connected to Then follow these to the software: the CD-ROM Turn off software that then the and You this Click and follow the on-screen instructions to the installation. If USB to to to the USB as of the At the prompted only). shown
Connecting to the already the software from the CD-ROM. Then follow these to the to the to USB (included with or RS-232C You USB or Turn the the COM the type of Select USB using USB or RS-232C If New or New follow the instructions the to the EPSON USB already the software from the CD-ROM. If and follow the instructions first. If that the software testing, USB or RS-232C
To follow these the connected and turned as Click EPSON and Macintosh: From the Applications the and You this Select and
Select the of the to then You this the and its as the following
Performing Remote Operations You to the the aspect or the offjust as would from the Click the Select Remote Click the buttons as the operations shown Turn off the the the aspect ratio
the Quality You of the to the quality. Click the Quality button. Select Quality Click of these buttons to Click of the buttons shown to the referenced below using each reference Brightness Sharpness Color and Tone Scaling and
the You the to the of the If RGB as the the and each (red, and If RGBCMY, the and each of the Click the Quality then of Select Quality Click of Select of the following then RGB: the and each to shades, intermediate shades, and the lightest shades. RGBCMY: the and each of as shown the below. Apply the (red, yellow) Select the Click the
and Recalling Once the the memory. Then the (or to easily them To the Select Quality then Memory and choose Select Quality Click Memory On the the to to the the RGBCMY Select or Select memory Click memory then to the memory. Click
To memory the Access the memory from the or using as follows: Quality then Memory and choose Select Select Quality Click Memory Click the where the to or Select or Select the to Click Select Select the memory then Select appears the the selected Click Select
to memory and advanced), of You to or memory To or the then choose of the following: to the from to the from previously You directly the memory and computers using the and buttons (shown the below). To memory the Select Quality then Memory and choose Click the where or the whose to then Memory to characters then OK To clear memory the Select Quality then Memory and choose Select the to then Memory and the Select or Select the whose to Click Memory
to the clean. You to clean the to overheating. Warning: of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this The only should the and If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, If necessary, cloth with and the the with Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
the Remote The AA If they the to and the If the buttons the red, the as below. Warning: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. the and AA as shown. the cover.
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and Turn the and other office to the as shown. If gently the (such as paintbrush). If the to or the or the or (U.S. only) V13H134A04 If to the release the and the the and with To the cover, the and the cover clicks
the The to hours brightness or hours high brightness You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The warning light flashes half-second The the appears the when selected, and or the or (U.S. only) V13H010L28 to the Information the Warning: the cool the that the and should to injury. The mercury. Please and or recycling, and the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these to the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and If the cool about hour. the screws the cover (they the and then the cover.
the screws the the as shown and straight Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the and tighten its screws. (The the cover or the as the section. the the follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and the finished, the to The the least hours.
the If to the the following: the and of the within the recommended the to F to C] and to relative humidity). the cover and the the from the the its or the incurred The and If to follow these to the repairs, the If the the of and that the hand-carrying the the recessed the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights The lights top of the the and when If the isnt correctly, first off, it cool, and Then the back and turn the If this the the lights top of the The light The or the to The light flashing The the to appear. The light flashing and cant the The cooling the light flashing, then the The light the connected securely both the and the light Warning light
The light flashing High-speed cooling If the too automatically. there of around and the Clean or the The light red. The too which off the automatically. cool then back there of around and the Also, or the The warning light flashing The cover or off. securely There internal Turn off the and, when the light flashing, The warning light flashing half-second The to Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or the buttons to the Info The following information appears: Source Refresh Rate Info The information the currently selected The shows 0H the least hours.
You the the connected, then the light to turn the If the the buttons the to the If the Child the or and the the least seconds to appears the or the displayed. Press the Source the or of the Source the to the input Allow seconds the to the button. Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light flashing, and the cover off. The (or If the light the to the back turned connected correctly and appears the If PC: Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the
the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If with OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this it isnt another Click the of the One of the top of the other. If with OS or From the Apple then and Sound Click the and then top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the (Allow seconds the to Click Click top of the other
The or reversed. the Projection the of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the Scaling to correctly the to the the If connected and the the turned off. The isnt If the or the off to of the and the straight (instead of the of the then the to the If the or the to the function to its the and buttons the You to the function, as as the or height the top and of the and the to the This the The or the correctly connected If and or the securely connected both If interference amplifier. turning Reduction If the and try turning off LCD
The the correctly There the Clean the as the the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to the brightness and the with the You to each individually If the to the the to the the to hours. Remote The to commands. within about of the and the from the than You to the the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater.
Where To technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the to of the You purchase carrying or other from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.1 to to Brightness ANSI (Dynamic/Living ratio to inches to to to ratio Aspect ratio (Dynamic/Living (Natural/Theatre/sRGB correction to UHE High Efficiency) hours (Dynamic/Living hours (Natural/Theatre/sRGB V13H010L28 AA
inches inches inches Weight Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN
Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the incoming It these as or videowhich through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and The SDTV and HDTV or RGB the RGB). Format Aspect ratio SDTV HDTV If from the refresh thats with of the below. The of allow to correctly. Format Refresh VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21
Aspect Ratio to the when the Aspect to If necessary, Aspect to the The which the displays the currently active as below. TV Format NTSC PAL or SECAM Format SDTV HDTV RGB Format SDTV HDTV Aspect Normal Through Through Aspect Normal Through Through Aspect Normal Through Through
RGB) Format VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 Aspect Normal Through Through DNX TM ICs this
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. through the or the the from the and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners.
This includes that mercury Please and regulations or recycling, and the the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: This chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. Other that such as heater, the If try the following: The them. the lighting and/or turn off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-TW200H America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or refurbished to the of and option, the another of and of the covered the of the covered
or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or reconditioned products. This warranty covers only the United States and and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. Notices THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA