D6150/D6155W/D6250 the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following the VGA that with the of the to the Computer1 or Computer2 and the other to If using switch to Troubleshooting). You the CD Wired Network You the to using Ethernet wired instructions. Wireless Network You the wirelessly or wireless the optional wireless LAN wirelessly the back of this instructions. the back of this instructions. instructions. to and the Source Search the or to switch them. optional). the CD RCA to VGA HDMI USB or DC-06 USB USB or DC-06 to the USB If USB or USB the Slideshow the CD and You and to to the CD Turn Turn or the The light the Press the the or light The light flashes then To the the then You to the to cool The of the English To another the the Select and Select and Select and Press the to the the If the Source Search the or the to the If screen or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the cover and the to the Zoom/focus cover Turn the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or buttons the to If or the or buttons the to the the as shown AA Turn Choose which and off to Turn off and sound Access information the the CD. wired Follow the to wired the and the Press the the the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the and to characters to the the displayed to characters. Press the arrow the to highlight the characters and to them. the the CD information Select the Wired LAN and Choose IP and If assigns automatically, IP and the DHCP If off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To the IP from appearing the the IP to
USB or DC-06 USB USB or DC-06 to the USB If USB or USB the Slideshow the CD and You and to to the CD Turn Turn or the The light the Press the the or RCA light flashes then The To the the then You to the to cool To another English The of the the Select the and Select and Select to the Press the and to VGA HDMI D6150/D6155W/D6250 the the instructions the CD. the Choose from the following the VGA that with the Computer2 or Computer1 of the to the and the other to If using switch to Troubleshooting). You CD the Wired Network You the to Ethernet wired instructions. Network You the wirelessly or wireless the optional wireless LAN wirelessly the back of this instructions. the back of this instructions. instructions. the Source Search to and the or to switch them. optional). CD the the If the Source Search the or the to the If or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the cover and the to the Zoom/focus cover Turn the to reduce or the If or the off to of the screen directly front of the of the facing the squarely. the or the to If or the or buttons the to the light the as shown AA Turn Choose which and off to Turn off and sound Access information the the CD. wired Follow the to wired the and the Press the the the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the and to characters to the the to characters. Press the arrow buttons the to highlight the characters and to them. the the CD information Select the Wired LAN and Choose IP and If assigns automatically, IP and the DHCP If off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To the IP from appearing the the IP to
finished, Complete and then to Press the to the software instructions wirelessly Follow the to the wirelessly or wireless You the optional wireless LAN V12H418P12). wireless or built-in wireless interface, and XP Professional XP, or or OS to Turn off the and the cord. the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the the wireless LAN as shown below and the screw and the To wireless of the following: If the optional USB only), the USB the displayed the and to USB Follow the instructions to the then the CD. If using the with these Press the the the Network and Choose Network and Select the and Select the and to characters to the the displayed to characters. Press the arrow the to highlight the characters and to them. the the CD information Select the Wireless LAN and Select the and choose of these options: to the to the Advanced to the to the If selected the wireless and the SSID the type of wireless as the LAN If selected Advanced SSID to characters) as the SSID If assigns automatically, IP and the DHCP If turn off the DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To the SSID and IP from appearing the the SSID and/or IP to finished, Complete and then to Press the to the network software instructions. software the Network Projection software each that the the CD Software to the instructions and software, the Network Projection CD. This with To and the and the software and from the You to the from CD, or to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing. Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. On the the Preferences Where to information about the the from CD. the clicking the them Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service to through the of warranty You with US to through and to to through and hours of to without or apply. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg Optional of optional the CD. You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and and of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-33690
and Network Choose and Select the and to characters Select the to the the displayed to characters. Press the arrow buttons the to highlight the characters and to them. the CD information the and Wireless LAN Select the and choose of these Select the to the to the to the to Advanced the the If selected SSID wireless and the Select the type of wireless as the Wireless LAN SSID Advanced If selected SSID to characters) as the IP If assigns automatically, and and DHCP If off the DHCP the Gateway and IP the as To the SSID and IP from appearing the IP and/or SSID the to and Complete finished, then to to the Press the software instructions. then and Complete finished, to to the Press the software instructions wirelessly Follow the to the wirelessly or wireless You the optional wireless LAN V12H418P12). wireless or built-in wireless interface, and XP Professional XP, or to or OS Turn off the and the cord. the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the the wireless LAN as shown below and using the screw and turn the To wireless of the following: If the optional Wireless USB only), the USB the displayed the and to USB Follow the on-screen instructions to the then the CD. If the with these Network the the Press the and software the Network Projection software each that the the CD Software to the instructions and software, the Network Projection CD. This with To and the and the EasyMP software and from the You to the from CD, or to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing. Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. On the the Preferences Where to information about the the from CD. the clicking the them Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This service to through the of warranty You with US to through and to to through and hours of to without or charges apply. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or to and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg Optional of optional the CD. You purchase or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and and of Corporation. and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-33690