410W Unpack the You should the following items: and cover and CD-ROMs protected the protective from the cover and the touching the with to to the the the cover. the the cover. Choose location You the of The short-throw of and allows to comfortably front of them without casting the To the classroom or other mount the to or whiteboard optional mounting interactive whiteboard, touching the the board If to the from to or front of the You mount the from the and/or from the If from or the or from the rear, to the option the the CD-ROM instructions. The the and the the of the and the aspect ratio (width-to-height of the and Ideally, should the and inches and from the or whiteboard. to include the offset from the of the to the of the and offsets should the the aspect aspect ratio To the and offset or aspect ratio or the CD-ROM. the of the the the to or using of the shown below. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest and VGA included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. RCA (optional) (optional) NOTE You to the (when the connected to the Computer1 To the sound To or the the CD-ROM instructions. to VGA VGA (optional) (included) and Turn
410W Unpack the You should the following items: and cover Remote and CD-ROMs the protective from the cover and the touching the with to to the the the cover. the batteries. the cover. Choose location You the of The short-throw of and allows to comfortably front of them without casting the To the classroom or other mount the to or whiteboard using optional mounting interactive whiteboard, touching the the board If to the from to it or front of the You mount the from the and/or from the If from or the or from the rear, to the option the the CD-ROM instructions. protected The the and the the of the and the aspect ratio (width-to-height of the and Ideally, should the and inches and from the or whiteboard. to include the offset from the of the to the of the and offsets should the displayed the aspect aspect ratio To the and offset or aspect ratio or the CD-ROM. the of the the the to or of the shown below. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest and VGA included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. (optional) NOTE You to the (when the connected to the Computer1 To the sound To or the the CD-ROM instructions. to VGA RCA VGA (optional) (optional) (included) and Turn
Choose location You the of The short-throw of and allows to comfortably front of them without casting the To the classroom or other mount the to or whiteboard optional mounting interactive whiteboard, touching the the board If to the from to or front of the You mount the from the and/or from the If from or the or from the rear, to the option CD-ROM the the instructions. The the and the the of the and the aspect ratio (width-to-height of the and Ideally, should the and inches and from the or whiteboard. to include the offset from the of the to the of the and offsets should the displayed the aspect aspect ratio To the and offset or aspect ratio or CD-ROM. the the of the the 410W and CD-ROMs protected Unpack the You should the following items: and cover the protective from the cover and the touching the with to to the the the cover. the the cover. the to or of the shown below. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest and VGA included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. RCA (optional) (optional) and NOTE You to the (when the connected to the Computer1 To the sound To or the the CD-ROM instructions. to VGA VGA (optional) (included) Turn
and the cover. the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. or If connected than the Source Search the or to the to watch. NOTE If appear the the Troubleshooting section Turning off the If first, while the Press the the or the the The and the light With theres cool-down the and ready to the To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the to the To the the or the to reduce If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the or the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Choose then follow the instructions the to NOTE You www.epson.com/webreg. the EMP to the (If using and and follow the on-screen instructions to To the PL 410W or EMP Where to (U.S.) or and to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM and hours of to without Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the cover the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If using the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and checked. and and of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27195
and the cover. the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. or If connected the Source Search than the or to the to NOTE If appear the the section Troubleshooting Turning off the If first, while the Press the the or the the and the The light theres cool-down With the and ready to the To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the to the To the the or the to reduce If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the or the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the options. the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Choose then follow the instructions the to NOTE You www.epson.com/webreg. the EMP to the (If using and already and follow the on-screen instructions to To the PL 410W or EMP Where to (U.S.) or and to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM and hours of to without Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the cover the correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to watch. (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and and and of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27195
the To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the to the or the To the the to reduce If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the or buttons the the corrected. the To the the repeatedly to through the the CD-ROM information about and the CD-ROM If the CD-ROM automatically, the then the Choose then follow the instructions the to NOTE You www.epson.com/webreg. EMP the and to the (If using and follow the already on-screen instructions to EMP or PL 410W To the and the cover. the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. or If connected the Source Search than the or to the to watch. NOTE If appear the the section Troubleshooting Turning off the If first, while the Press the the or the the and the The light theres cool-down With the and ready to Where to (U.S.) or and to You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM and hours of to without Purchase and You purchase and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to watch. (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On or CRT/LCD the the LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-27195