rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-20172R1 Copyright Notice
The Theater high-quality the of It offers these features: with built-in LCD front or and ceiling-mounted Short 120-inch with the ANSI ratio through the child function optional MicroSaver anti-theft Toll-free two-year technical and Warranty The with two-year carry-in warranty. offers free Service warranty the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight Service to please To the that with and to products, and service. SM
cover AC service only) cover release security cover
button the and off light Indicates operating Warning light to Source Switches the input Turn the Aspect and off the aspect ratio Source buttons Switch connected to the buttons brightness, and tones. or memory or Arrow and buttons and options or Arrow buttons Selects options the function or correction buttons A/V off and the and sound buttons buttons ESC the function or Aspect the aspect ratio
Optional the following optional the Product ELPLP33 ELPAF09 carrying Samsonite Samsonite shoulder mount security ELPSL01 F8V308X25 You purchase these from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS35 ELPKS43 ELPHT020 ELPHTAPL ELPHTFCP
About This the to the to or This information the to instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the to injury. to to Notes: information about Tips: helpful More Information of services hours this to or information and to If the service. and the PIN the that with
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the operation, and the Choosing Location You the these four If the or overhead to invert and/or the selecting the option Professional recommended to the to the Ideally, the height its the top and of the That the and the to the This the If the or below to or to the the this the of the with the function Rear/Ceiling Rear the
To to the exactly with the of the the the to the or right of the to of the when with aspect the straight to the If the too or right, the from the to the as indicated below. that the affects Projection to to to to to to to the these there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. the from to of the
the Follow the the to the to turn and the Once to If or the right, troubleshooting instructions. the to the or the to reduce or If the the the and to its The the both and vertically the amount. the the then the to the right or the and Right the
If to the height of the the the front of the and the the correctly. You the to the of the If or the the the becomes and or To the to the or the or To the aspect ratio (ratio and height), the Aspect the or Choose from these To the the Normal TV broadcasts, or aspect or recordings (anamorphic) aspect ratio or If the the of the off. You the Caption option to and the to the buttons the to the brightness, and information about using these selecting the or other the correctly the
these to the temporarily the or off the and sound. the connected to the the and buttons the or to the sound from of the the Action To the action temporarily the the the This the The sound from to heard while the You to the to where Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to and off the sound. To off the and sound, the A/V The To turn the and sound back the A/V to while the You should the to where A/V the
the You the on-screen to the quality, and features. The the and of the It offers to the and the sharpness and clarity of the The the child or the and of the front or rear and other features. The Info information about and or The the clear the Memory or the to their factory You the the or to the and Follow the the section. Press the the or You the The options which type of connected to the the and arrow the or to highlight the then the to the
If of the and arrow buttons to highlight the option then to indicated light.) If the shown below, the and arrow buttons to the Press the to to the or the to the the Appearance of the The of to the to the and selecting the or other the correctly Choosing the The the brightness, and this to Press the and then choose from these bright greater intensity. with of light. increases and tones appear Theatre the appearance of with Theatre Black or and increases. the
Quality the with these selected the as apply to (and retained the currently selected input A, B, or If than should the each Press the Select Quality and then choose from these Brightness the brightness of the the light and of the only) the of the only) the of the shifting the and and tones. with (warmer tones), while higher (cooler tones). to the tint, the of to This with the selected switch apply). Sharpness and to the the following when from Select this that the the and of the Tracking Select Quality manually to when the such as text white background. the
Select Quality Corrects the with the tracking the first. and Recalling You the Memory to the as group. This them Press the then Memory Memory Memory or Memory then the to Press the to the To the the Memory the (or the and Memory Select the memory to then The with Advanced these options to such as its and and connected Press the Select Screen and then choose from these options: the arrow buttons to the to the this OFF when that interlaced-to-progressive fast-moving If while switch this to ON Aspect Selects the aspect ratio Caption the that when selected the aspect to the of the and to the or the
Scaling only) the of the that normally Select to both the and of the Normal displays Corrects (when or from the the somewhat Mirrors and/or the as the location to the this this front of the front of the mounted the the Rear the mounted Rear/Ceiling the the threshold which of the with the United States, to IRE). If to the connected to the and then choose from these options: and only) this to the of If of interference the or projected, the specified and RGB only) the the connected to the Select or RGB the
these to the appearance of the on-screen background or and choose Press the Select and then choose from these options: this option to the of the from and to and white Turn this option off to information the such as the and aspect Background Select the Black or or to when the A/V the or when To Creating Custom below. If the Screen option item below), appears when the Turn this option to the or whenever the Creating Custom You that displays when the or when the A/V the To the first the to the to Press the then Follow the instructions the selecting the of the to and then choosing to its the Background to as Choosing To the to the the then the
these to the Direct ON the child or and the high-altitude operation. Press the and then choose from these Direct ON this to the automatically when this used, the or temporary of outlet isnt switch or the off the input the specified amount of or You off. Child this the and the the three seconds. (The operates normally.) the High to that the internal properly. to Normal the
and Other Information the Info to information about the of input and the of hours the used. Press the and Info If the connected to these If the connected to these The of the about hours the consistently to Theatre Black and hours other used. If the shown to the and Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the the to the to instructions the and the The shows 0H hours) the least hours. the
Restoring the The the clear the Memory or the to their factory The and their function that clear the those The function the clears Aspect, Child A, and Press the then You this Choose from these options: to their factory The affected this option Child A, Memory and Hours. Memory Clears using the Memory and Recalling the to 0H hours). the
the to the clean. You to clean the to overheating. Warning: of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this The only should the and If another replacing, or servicer Follow the instructions this section to clean the and and the the and or the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the with Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the Caring the
Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If theyre cleaned they become with This overheating and the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and Turn the Then and other office to the as shown. If the or authorized 800-GO-EPSON and ELPAF09 please If to the the and the cover the and with the cover. the
the The of the about hours the consistently to Theatre Black and hours other used. You the used, as If the shown to the and Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the Its to the when: The or to The light flashes The the appears the when authorized 800-GO-EPSON ELPLP33 please to the Information the Follow these to the Turn off the and the light to flashing. the and If the cool least hour. Warning: the cool If the the to If mounted the this screwdriver the cover release to release the cover. Caring the Warning light
the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Gently the and its screws. Dont the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the assembly. To the cover, the and then the cover (The the the to the as the section. the
the Press the the or Select the and then whether to the command, highlight and the finished, or The displays 0H hours) the least hours. the If to the while, the following: the and of the within the recommended the to F to C] and to the cover and the the from the the its or (as the following section). Transporting the incurred The and If to follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the of and that the hand-carrying the its and right the recessed hand the
the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first off, cool, and Then the back and turn the If this the the lights top of the The light The or the to The light flashing The the to appear. The light flashing and cant the The cooling the light flashing, then the The light the connected securely both the outlet and the light Warning light
The warning light flashing High-speed cooling process. If the too automatically. there of around and the Clean or the If the switch the to High The light red. The too and turned off. then back there of around and the Clean or the If the switch the to High The warning light flashing The to replaced. The light flashing The cover or off. securely There the and The the light. If the the securely attached both that the outlet isnt switch, or switch, which the If the light the Press the to the If the Child to and the least seconds to the (The however, normally.) If the light and flashing, the operating normally. the cover off. Press the A/V the to the hasnt turned off temporarily.
The off of The function This the to off hasnt received input of You the off. The If the Direct ON the when outlet It or temporary of isnt switch or There sound from the connected to the and turned buttons the or to the the and sound from the Press the A/V the to the and sound turned off temporarily. The to commands. within feet of the and within of the front or back or right, and or below). You to the theyre with the facing the of the as shown the the lights and off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater.
You with the displayed. turned connected correctly, as the the Source button(s) the or to the input Allow seconds the to Press the and Info the or shown connected as appears the the turned (the light and flashing). the cover off. Press the A/V the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. If from to to as below. If using PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and
If with OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (or (If this isnt another Click the of the One of the top of the other. If with OS or From the Apple then and Sound Click the and then top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the (Allow seconds the to Click Click top of the other
The or reversed. the the Projection option the The the screen correctly, or stretched or Press the Aspect to aspect the Caption and Scaling and the the to the the The the top or the to or the causing to become the or the or to the the height the top and of the and then the to the You to this and The the or right The to the the and then the to the and The or securely connected both interference. The of the the type of used, its and the complexity of amplifier. If the and try turning off LCD the the and options the to theyre the to OFF when If while switch the to ON
The There the Clean the as the If the from of the the the the from the than and farther than the Sharpness the If the that quality. You to the to reduce the amount of correction or the to the If from the the If to the Tracking and The too light or too the correctly If or of the washed-out. Press the the to the the Brightness and the These should each If the than to the The the right. Press the the to the the following the and These should each the the and options the to theyre If connected with three securely attached both
Where To technical hours troubleshooting information, and technical through To the service, and the PIN the that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the from of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Specifications and Notices This section includes specifications, instructions, and other information about Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=1.7 to to Brightness (ANSI) reproduction ratio to inches to to to sound ratio vertically, aspect ratio Theatre (Theatre Black correction to Remote AA Battery Specifications and Notices
Projection UHE High Efficiency) ELPLP33 hours Theatre hours (Theatre Black and Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the inches inches Rated to VAC Rated to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, to to and United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 Specifications and Notices TM DNX TM ICs this
Compatible The (SDTV, HDTV), TV (NTSC, PAL, SECAM), and resized, necessary, to the To from the refresh with the below Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC1960 Specifications and Notices
TV Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM Information Follow these instructions when and the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service the the and covers. the The and its from to of suffocation. the when the turned the bright light the when Dont the or Also, the or heavy through the or the the or of heat. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the from the outlet cleaning. to the immediately Doing serious burns. the off the and the to cool completely. The and easily If the the with to from If the mounted to the or of or mouth. the the the of increases. the appears, the with as as The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Specifications and Notices
The this high internal and If the to mercury the from or with the or mouth. to the while to or with the the If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately the type of indicated the If of the the If the country other than where purchased the that country. the outlet where the easily Dont the where the This or to the Dont the outlet with and the the to or fire. Dont the with Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the from the and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing If there the otherwise shock. the when the the of the reach of and If they immediately. the as as they to heat or of to the using the of Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in provided. or the the while from the that might the this Specifications and Notices
Dont the or top of heat-producing or heated such as Dont the of the Doing and to Dont the of the or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING: The included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other with Health FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Specifications and Notices United States WARNING
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers: Inc. Located Airport MS CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-TW20 Inc. Warranty What America, Inc. warrants to the that the with this warranty purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct Should service the warranty its option, or the without charge or If authorizes the to to or the U.S. and U.S. Shipments to other locations freight You securely the and to within of of the or credit to the of the the that to the If repaired carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the Specifications and Notices
of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or repaired to the of or, option, another of and or products the warranty of the covered this warranty, that each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers of the the United States and 24-hour-per-day of this and This warranty other than This warranty apply to refurbished or products, and this warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both warranties and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Specifications and Notices
A/V Accessories, cleaning and replacing, Anti-theft Aspect Aspect Background Blurry Brightness C Child Cleaning and Computers to to from, to Declaration of Conformity, Direct ON, specifications, Service, Support, technical FCC the HDTV, High Service, to
distorted, inverted or backwards, too light or anti-theft correction, brightness, replacing, to specifications, from, to to cleaning, Lights, to Child creating, to Memory Memory to operation, to information, Optional Scaling Overhead Overheating, to to to to repositioning, turning off, DNX, Positioning to Presentation, overheating, to to Projection
choosing location, to cleaning, from lights, to to to to to Rear buttons, to instructions, to Saturation, SDTV, Sound turning off, Source buttons, Sources, switching, Specifications to Support, Technical Technical Tint, Transporting TV to to selecting,
Warranty, to Washed-out Caption