97/98/99W/955W/965
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 99W, 955W, and include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of brightness (white light and light 98/99W/955W: to of (white light and light to of (white light and light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO Native of (XGA) 99W/955W: Native of (WXGA) Plug-and-play USB and from or with the optional wireless LAN and free (U.S.) or information Wired and wireless and to to the and from to PC shows and connected USB memory HDMI or
Additional Optional and to the to the following To or A/V or purchase information. To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI To with from with or purchase information. To that includes DisplayPort, or to the VGA to Apple options. topic: Related Optional and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP78) V13H010L78
Option or ELPAF32) V13H134A32 Wireless LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 USB (ELPAP09) V12H005M09 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 DC-12 (ELPDC12) V12H594020 DC-20 (ELPDC20) V12H500020 BrightLink interactive (IU-01) V12H415020 AP-60 Sound V12H329020 ELPSP10 ESPSC80 ES1000 V12H002S4Y ES3000 V12H002S3Y Universal mount ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 plate ELPMBP02 Round ELPMBP03 to ELPMBC01 ELPSL01 Soft carrying V12H001K67 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA ELPKC02 VGA ELPKC09 VGA ELPKC10 Remote Service Service EPPEXPA1
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Option or Service Service EPPEXPA2 Service Service EPPFTPA1 Service Service EPPFTPA2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service brochure the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these notations as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to (U.S) or and to technical hours
Locations If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to Related the the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to
Rear A/V Foot release foot A/V Remote cover Security cover topic: Locations AC input RS-232C
Mic Remote HDMI Computer2 (VGA) Computer1 (VGA) Network LAN USB-B USB-A Wireless LAN cover screw topic: Locations
Mounting Security Rear foot topic: Locations Related Security
Source Search (searches connected (selects and arrow buttons information) buttons, buttons and arrow buttons button/light and lights topic: Locations Related Light
through connected through connected numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow buttons through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless and of the A/V off and sound) information) action) buttons (activates on-screen functions and wireless (selects LAN (switches to USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the the Cover You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or using mount. of around and the and top of or to anything that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or You the Throw (U.S.) or Aspect Ratio or or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to
99W Aspect Ratio or or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to 955W Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to Aspect Ratio or or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to topic:
Connecting to Sources You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of or that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and smartphones with output If or includes sound, input necessary. shows without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting Microphone Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to topic: the Related Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic:
Connecting to USB and If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB HDMI recommended high Turn the to USB-B the other to USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. Select EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software only the first the to the If XP or and to
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related references USB Related Connecting to HDMI and You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI
Connecting to USB Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to USB-B or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to using USB connected the USB to USB-B the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related the Remote as Wireless
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source If includes sound and to the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to Source the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional to with the to or If these to the VGA to the the screws the VGA If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Source Sound
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source If to the using optional or A/V the with the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the using optional the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to You sound through the If using the to the optional If the or the to the using RCA If to the HDMI the with the sound. the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the using the and white the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources If connected the to to the This the when the If to to when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the that refresh than to correctly.
Connecting to connected to the If there the Computer1 the to topic: To the sound from the to You the the You the to with If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary.
Connecting Microphone Connecting to USB Devices the of the to topic: You microphone to the Mic to If microphone with the the If to from the when the turned off, to Communication On the and On the A/V the the microphone to the Mic Turn the microphone, necessary. topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the
USB Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without using or connecting of these to USB or smartphone USB USB memory or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their own AC recommended) with You shows from USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Related topics Projecting PC You USB or to the USB-A and to and other If USB with the
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB-A shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting PC You switch the to the connected to the USB-A the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the Disconnect the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You to to the
the Remote of the following to the to the DC-06 the USB that with the and to the to the USB-A and to the USB the DC-11 to the or and to the the the the DC-12 to the HDMI or and to the the the the DC-20 to the HDMI or and to the the the software, to instead of the the topic: The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the Related Remote Specifications To the cover, the A/V clicks the To cover the or temporarily off the and sound, the A/V cover closed. topic: the
the Network Wired Network Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Projection Wireless Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wired To this, the to and then and and the as the software from the Software CD-ROM or the software as necessary. the following software and to and Network software the Network instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of users the PC instructions. If LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the using the Network software. Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network
Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to switch, or router. the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network Projection from the the its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the following basic options as necessary: to characters to the the
to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, turn off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the the arrow buttons the To highlighted
Network Projection To of the IP the turn off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network Projection You to through wireless To this, the wireless LAN and then and wireless The wireless LAN included with There to the to wireless the optional Wireless USB only) the manually using the Network the and the the software from the Software CD or the software, as necessary. the following software and to and wireless Network software wireless the Network Projection software only) and through the You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and PC Projection software allows to interactive the of the PC instructions. the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Network OS Wireless Network Security topic: the Network
the Wireless LAN Related Optional and To the wireless the wireless LAN the other type of wireless the wireless LAN screw. the wireless LAN the USB-A
Wireless Only) the wireless LAN cover and the screw The light the wireless LAN when the and The light flashes when the the topic: Wireless Network Projection Related Optional and You the Wireless USB to to the wirelessly. Then and the when The Wireless USB included with the wireless LAN The wireless LAN included with Turn the Press the LAN the You this:
that SSID and IP displayed, then the wireless LAN from the the Wireless USB the the wireless LAN You that the information the USB the wireless LAN the the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the If to the firewall this
Selecting Network Manually displayed the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Related Optional and from wireless the network the using its Turn the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters using the to characters the the EPSONWEB to to the the with You displayed, from the Network software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless LAN Select the Wireless LAN and the the LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Wireless LAN On wireless LAN
Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless Wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the to SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the to IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the LAN the IP and Gateway as to or the optional USB to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Network Manually to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network Projection You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WEP WPA security
Wireless Security with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and Select the security as to match selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security WEP and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless
Network WEP Encryption WEP security, selects the type of Format ASCII WEP security, selects the input HEX ID to WEP security, selects the WEP ID Encryption to characters the selected WEP ID selected WEP Encryption and the Encryption Format WEP Authentication WEP security, selects the type of WEP authentication Shared Passphrase from to WPA-PSK or WPA2-PSK topic: Wireless Network Security You the to the there with the Press the characters security, selects the the ASCII text input HEX input ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F) ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F)
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to
Network SNMP Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software network they If network this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, using to each field. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. the Broadcast the software. If to the If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the
topic: the Network Once to and browser. This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or using If to Communication On to and the the turned connected to the the IP the browser's and the You the You to the If and (The EPSONWEB and the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the Remote option. You this:
Selects Selects and HDMI A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Closed Caption Select the to the function to topic: the Network Related ECO
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the With the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the with the PC Turn the or to the the the cover.
the to the the The light This that the With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary. Press the Source Search the or to the topic:
Turning the Related Related Selecting Source turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light off. With there cool-down the right necessary). the immediately turning off. Turning the and off frequently the of the
To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or the cover. topic: Related
Selecting the the the If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their If the to the topic: You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the correction corrects effects when the Correcting with the Correcting with the
Correcting with the Correcting with the Correcting Shape with Corner topic: You the to the of that such as when the to the of the Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this the the correction, slightly topic: Related You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the
You the the the the assigned to this Press of these buttons the to the Press the to the
Correcting with Corner correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic: Related references You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this Press the
Select the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then
the With the Focusing the the Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this To or reduce the the topic: Related Turn the and You to the using the You the the the the assigned to this
Remote To the the topic: Related The the from anywhere the You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the and
the Remote as the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the batteries. the as Wireless the Remote as topic: Related the Remote You the as wireless from the the to the USB-B or HDMI to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons.
the as To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once it to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote Operation Related Connecting to USB You the as to information the The arrow, using the Press the the
Selecting Source the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Related If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary. of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the
Projection Press the the the If there than that the to through the and HDMI USB and Network topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from
the Projection the Remote the Projection the Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the
Aspect Ratio Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input the and the Normal aspect ratio of the using the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to
the 99W/955W Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the and the aspect ratio of the using the of the the aspect Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input using the the Turning On Iris topic: Related references Quality You the the to the
Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the button, necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre Sports bright displays Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright
Turning On Iris topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and Select the Iris and choose of the following: High to brightness as as the Normal brightness You Iris each that the You the Iris when Caption Press or to the topic:
the with the Projecting PC You the the or the to the as with The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To or the the the or these the appears the To the to input the topic: Related You PC whenever USB that or This and easily and them using the You of the PC Starting PC PC
Supported PC PC topic: Related USB Projection Related Connecting USB or to the You these of the PC that FAT16/32. If from non-Windows try formatting the instead. You to the security features USB with PC features. type the the the the the CMYK Highly Animated with other than PCM or ADPCM
Starting PC topic: Projecting PC connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC options or effects highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and or the or the
Starting PC of the following: To the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or only the While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the topic: Projecting PC Related Connecting USB or to the Disconnecting USB or From the connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC options highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The PC appears.
the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and or the or buttons the To back the arrow buttons to highlight the and If than characters or include the shortened or the If to back the the Slideshow option the of the To playback, the highlight and topic: Projecting PC Related Connecting USB or to the Disconnecting USB or From the
PC You these options when using the PC Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly
with with of topic: PC
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Creating to You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the stopped, this the If the and sound off than the off. You this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You using the A/V the topic:
Action Temporarily and of Related ECO Related to You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the
Security Security You crosshair the indicating the of the the following the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to quickly. To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the the
Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the about seconds this Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to
Selecting Security The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the of the and topic: Security this allowing to the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to network Network Protection On and to the to the to the topic: Security
to the If and On Protection to whenever the You the to the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to try the to proceed.
to If incorrect the displays and to Support. Support, the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security Related Where to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the displayed as and You selection
the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected it finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to
the To from the without first and security. topic: Security Related the and Sound Temporarily Selecting Security You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You
Unlocking the Security Creating to Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of the to theft. the security the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security Related Optional and You to the and then as to when the This the the to as the from connected or
Press the the and Select the and Select the and You to the as Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network ECO Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
You the the Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the
Quality topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the and
Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of to the tone based each the of the Iris the based the brightness Normal when The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related ECO Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input High selected; High correction fast-
You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the
whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the connected to Expanded the HDMI input the type from input connected to RGB fast-moving NR2 the graphics, and Expanded normally from selected the too Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright RGB corrects corrects
the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- the ratio to the or Processing speed/quality topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features. The the currently selected input height the selected input increases tracking when the optional interactive increases
H/V to and Corner vertically) locking to the Three the of the buttons H/V manually and Corner to and using on-screen buttons the buttons
Varying the of the or Mic Varying the of the when connected microphone reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch Selects options Front/Rear Closed Caption Mic the selected type the to selects the type of or to and as displays to focusing and the and correcting
topic: the Related Correcting Shape with the Correcting with the Correcting with Corner the that its operation.
Selects options Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 type (closed Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether displayed the Screen A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 NTSC connected through the or Rear Rear Screen whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V
Direct On Selects options A/V A/V Selects the following when the (turned off) and the Selects the and displays option) High Direct On turn the without Source Search the HDMI the ECO to On High the operating Source Search the input when the turned A/V On sound and to when the turned off selects the sound; sound from the selected HDMI selects the HDMI microphone with
Network Network topic: the the Network information and the and Info LAN wireless and Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses topic: the Related Selecting Network Manually SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
ECO the ECO to power-saving appears to the Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Light On to Normal the brightness based the this option each On Automatically off the of inactivity to the Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
Information Info On Automatically off the the cover A/V On Automatically off the A/V On this to allow the ECO On the of the to the power-saving when the brightness topic: the You information about the and input the Info the Communication following operations to when the and the and to (A/V to On from microphone (A/V to On
the input The hours the least hours. Information item Hours the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service technician the the
ID Information item ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the Related references Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and try to the the the Network Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection The Network unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID.
ID and The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network Projection and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the You the to when the the Hours option.
You the following the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the topic: and Transporting the Related Where to Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic:
Cleaning the and the Related Light Clean the or they or to clean them. Turn off the and the cord. the or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the the topic: and Related the You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the or
Turn off the and the cord. the cover. the of the ABS resin and of to
the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and Related Optional and The track of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and its light flashing the the topic: Related references Optional and
the Information Info Specifications the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to least the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. removing to If the the to the of the cover and of or mouth when the cover.
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the section of the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the the the If easily, facing the right the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic:
the Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the
the Remote The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of this of types, or and the cover as shown. the Warning: If the it with cloth and the If them immediately to the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Specifications The of which Follow these to or the the to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and the
Projection Light the these sections the Light the or Sound or Remote Network Where to If the properly, try turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the The this If of these technical topic: Related Light Where to Related the The lights the the and when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light light light light and Normal Flashing Warming or cooling or Flashing Light Light Flashing too that the and with or Clean or the the too
light light light light and Flashing overheated and turned off. turned off to Once the and lights off and the light about try the below: Flashing Flashing Light Flashing Light the to the that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
the light light light light and Flashing Flashing or Flashing Flashing Turn the Flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the turn the off, and topic: Related Where to Specifications Related Cleaning the and the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Turn the off, and off, and off, and
or Sound Appears Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic: If appears, the following the cover the or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On
Incorrect the USB Function If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from turn off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Related Quality ECO Related the Cover Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, try the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications with reduce the from from turn off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the layered the USB
Appears From PC From topic: or Sound Related If the appears, the following Press the Source Search or Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears If the when from to the
"Not Supported" Appears Appears the Preferences and Select the or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, try the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the the using the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related
the Not the or Static Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height using the the buttons the to the Turn using the the of the the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting Shape with the Correcting with the Correcting with Corner If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the Tracking and
the or Blurry If without to caused interference the If the USB function, off the layered the USB topic: or Sound Related Quality If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to quality. If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from topic: or Sound Related Quality
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect Specifications Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, try the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected try connecting If the ECO selecting Normal the At high or locations to high the become and to the the enough to the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related references Projection Quality ECO
to Sound or If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search or Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If to connected when the off, the option to Communication On and the A/V options correctly. If the immediately turning off, the cooling high and This topic: or Sound Related Projection Related the with the the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic:
to or Shut-Off to with the If the when the or off unexpectedly, try the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off, the light flashing and the light the overheated and off. the this light If the the turn the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Remote Related Light Where to Related Unlocking the the Remote If the to commands, try the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the button to the
to Network sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Related Optional and Operation Related the Remote If or try the following You protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote Operation Related Optional and Where to the these sections the You Access the Through the
You Access the Through the Network Not Where to topic: If to the through the ID and which the ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the the Network The to the the The ID and topic: Network If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the topic: Network Related ECO Related Network If to technical services, the following
(U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications USB of Poly-silicon TFT active 97/98/99W to (XGA) 99W/955W (WXGA) F= to length: to 955W/965 F= to length: to
Brightness ratio with Iris and Normal Normal White light (ISO light output ECO White light (ISO 98/99W/955W Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO brightness light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
aspect inches to Projection 97/98/99W aspect inches to inches Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio 97/98/99W (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction USB USB and USB or 99W inches to inches 955W inches to inches 955W/965 inches to inches 99W/955W 955W/965 (ECO
Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications One USB and USB input, USB or optional wireless LAN topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications inches inches to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications 97/98/99W 97/98/99W topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications inches 955W/965 inches 955W/965 to ECO (Communication (Communication On) ECO (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications Supported (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) to F to C) or to F to C) than to F to C) to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+* 955W) UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV
Refresh SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+ 955W) SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV topic: Technical Specifications
USB the to the USB software. (Service only) OS OS or and XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and and or or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Information these sections about Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the near where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when disconnecting outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as near heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C) of or or to F to C) higher Doing and to or the where to
the of the of to to or of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or it to the of such as candle, or the the or other than the cover. This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of FCC this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Source Software CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON and Corner TM and EPSON of Corporation. and BrightLink TM TM and TM and SM and SM service of America, Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of and that these things.
To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the as other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee.
You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the machine-readable which the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or,
Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and only received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the
If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of the and of software NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type
The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You it first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of free restrictive
from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the to free software only, the other to non-free greater of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this Each as
"library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to stating that the and the of You the whole of the to licensed charge to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function
or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The
therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this
If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this However, who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this
If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally.
NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the software that everyone redistribute and change. You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written Random of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG
The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software Thomas G. Rights as below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If only distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the user responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. the Huffman
that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond
and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such hereby to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows.
Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the required. as such, and as the software. This or from If the to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following of used) terms as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions.
the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution received and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free,
copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You own within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without terms or
Notwithstanding the nothing or the of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the
You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built using this software without written. DISCLAIMER The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the
The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc.
This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the user the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of
or publicity to of the software without written representations about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights
This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and own IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library)
Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Warner Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc
Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT
terms of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. Copyright Foundation and other granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN
The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which it the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET
terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLEFOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN
Copyright Notice The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions.
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice Inc. CPD-39842 topic: Copyright Notice