Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect and follow the instructions that with these and to to or to property. The and its graphical and to that to the This information that, possibly or death. Warning This procedures that or Indicates the of the buttons the or the This information that to know. Indicates and Advanced Select the Information Notations
Introduction to to these sections to learn about features and and Features" Related
to to the This and easy and features. Related Direct On to the as as and correction On to the when the to the from the Computer1 displays "Introduction to and and Connectivity" "Automatically Correcting the with "Turning On the Features" Related This of easy-to-use connectivity options as shown below. "Correcting the with Connectivity Related with Devices" with Computer" Features"
PC Projection to to four the the or smartphones or which the You from PC the iProjection with USB to and (USB with Network to the the and from of the the the Network "Projecting with USB Connectivity" Related the Network"
HDMI1/MHL to MHL to the and to the with Devices Mirroring to and wirelessly using or (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W). incurred when with the or the responsibility of the customer. wirelessly the or to and (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W). Related Network Projection from Mirroring)" "Connecting to Smartphones or Connectivity"
to cool the internally. Function The following sections the and their and Functions Related near the and heat the from While projecting, or that become or the burns, or to Remote "Introduction to Rear" Press the foot release to and the front foot. Foot release C such as the foot to the of the foot closing the when the to the and the sound. A/V the to and the A/V A/V Indicates the of the or tional wireless LAN LAN light to cool the internally. this to the cover. detecting the from the Remote the of the surroundings to the brightness. the to the
LAN to to LAN Function the and Functions Function RS-232C to the from (You to this normally.) RS-232C C from the input to from and from other Computer2 RGB input from the to to This when the the and of to from when the cover Indicates the Lights the The security with the Security Security from connected to the Computer1 from connected to the Computer2 from connected to the the to the "Automatically Correcting the with "Focusing the the the with the and Light Related and computers, or MHL High- from HDMI Definition) HDMI1/MHL from from HDMI and computers. HDMI2 from the Remote Rear from and from other Computer1 Connects USB to the to or to the Wireless function. USB-B
USB memory or and or PC USB-A and Functions Function the Remote as PC and Security Related the optional mount when the from Function mount (three through and Security such as the foot to the of the foot such as to and to the Rear C
and the Function and and Functions Security Related Selects items while the the or buttons and arrow buttons back to the while the the function. and the "Correcting the with the and Related the selection and to the while the or RGB from the Computer1 or Computer2 while Tracking and Position the C to the input [Source Search] ton the or off. Function the allowing to and Selects items while the or and arrow buttons
Turns the or off. Function Remote and Functions Changes the the input and HDMI input C to This when the the and of to from the the Computer1 and Computer2 [Computer] the while the buttons while RGB from the Computer1 or Computer2 Tracking and the this to the buttons. the aspect [Aspect] the selection and to the while the or Acts as when the Wire function. assigned to this the the Selects items while the or Arrow buttons and the and when and using USB the or while using the or the PC
"Automatically Correcting the with and Related or the tons and Functions Function the as the Remote as PC Aspect Ratio" Turns the and or off temporarily. [A/V from the and the the buttons or the Network" "Projecting with USB this and the tons to the ID the to the [ID] back to the previous while Acts as right when the the the function. function. the on-screen the the to the HDMI1/MHL [MHL ton the the USB and USB-A [USB] the the connected [LAN] the ton to the input [Source Search] ton Remote light
the Follow the instructions these sections to the the Related
the to the You the to You the mount to location. optional mount when the from the or using the following when selecting location: mount. If the correctly, and screws from or or the mount. This serious to the mount cover the or If the the crack causing to from its You mount when the from the mount fixing to the covered, the internal and fire. and the or injury. If the to the the Warning and top of or to that the of around and the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord.
the its This the to malfunction. from the or from the rear, the option the Related to On the to the If the the High internal properly. High the Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other Projection "Projection You or the following and and "Projection the to approximately to the from the based the of the correcting slightly Front/Rear
(inch) and Projection Related
If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB This function USB the to USB Connecting to USB and You the to of and to or other with or without and smartphones with shows or without USB (such as or or the optional If or includes sound, such as DVD players, that USB or HDMI input sound. If USB the correctly. the USB directly to the the to USB-B "Connecting to Smartphones or "Connecting to USB Devices" "Connecting to "Connecting to Sources" "Connecting to Computer" the Related the other to USB "Projecting with USB "Connecting to Computer" Related Follow the instructions these sections to to the "Connecting to Devices" Connecting to Related You the to using the VGA You sound through the Connecting to VGA and "Connecting to HDMI and "Connecting to VGA and "Connecting to USB and
Related To that includes DisplayPort, that allows to to the VGA or to Apple options. the VGA to computer's If HDMI to the HDMI and the with the Connecting to HDMI and "Connecting to Computer" the other to the the other to the HDMI1/MHL or HDMI2 the HDMI to HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, Apple and through the HDMI that allows to to the HDMI or to the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the Tighten the screws the VGA
the other to the HDMI1/MHL the MHL to MHL of to the and the other to Select the input connected to from HDMI1 HDMI2 the or the If hearing through the HDMI projected. If MHL- HDMI charging the smartphone or or to operations The connected smartphone or charging when the the smartphone or become or If MHL that the MHL A/V Related If correctly, and then the MHL MHL and the with the You the to smartphones and Connecting to Smartphones or "Connecting to Computer" Related You to correctly, the You to MHL to and of the smartphone or
Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to Sources of to the and the other to Select the input connected to from the HDMI1 or HDMI2 the If hearing through the HDMI the and of the to force The or or malfunction. A/V Related If the the the with the or optional to to the "Connecting to Source" "Connecting to HDMI Source" Related If to the using optional to with You sound through the or RCA Connecting to Source "Connecting to Sources" If HDMI to the HDMI and the with the "Connecting to Source" Connecting to HDMI Source the the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI1/MHL or HDMI2
the to If appear incorrect, to the the the VGA to the using these to The usually Y, or Y, If If to the or A/V You sound through the connecting RCA Connecting to Source "Connecting to Sources" Related the with the to the the other of the to the that to the the to the screws the VGA the other to the
"USB Projection" Related You and other without using or of these to or smartphone USB memory USB USB "Connecting to USB or "Disconnecting USB or USB Projection the and white the A/V to or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class- the and white the other of the to the You connected USB or memory PC USB Class-compliant USB Class Self-powered their own AC using with USB these Formatted FAT or FAT32 recommended) supported) "Connecting to Sources" Related "Connecting to USB Devices" "Projecting PC Presentation" Related Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the Connecting to USB Devices
finished with USB or the from the Disconnecting USB or You USB or to the USB-A and to and other Connecting to USB or Disconnect the USB or from the "Connecting to USB Devices" Turn off and the Related If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB-A shown You to to the The the Connecting to Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to Devices Related the USB with or specified with the USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to "Connecting to "Connecting to Related "Connecting to USB Devices" Related
If connected the to using the when the to the This Connecting to Related If to to when the Communication On Select as the the On A/V Select as the the turned off, to the following: ECO to You the To the sound from the the "Connecting to Devices" ECO Connecting to If there connected to the the Computer1 that refresh of than to correctly. A/V A/V If to from the when the Communication On as the the Select On as the A/V the turned off, to the following: ECO A/V A/V the to to You input RGB from the Computer1 from other or The built-in when You the to with
or connected to the with both and as necessary. the of the to the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. "Connecting to Devices" ECO Related
the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the Warning The the AA that with the the Remote the cover and clicks the Instructions the the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown. The the from anywhere the to Remote "Remote Operation" the Related that the the receivers within the
the Remote the with bright commands. If to the lights or sunlight, or the to the the Related
To the cover, the A/V clicks. the To cover the or temporarily turn off the and sound, the A/V cover. the Related
Follow the instructions these sections to features. "Selecting the the the and "Turning On the "Turning the "Projection Related "Focusing the the the with the "Projecting with USB the the Color" "Selecting Source" Aspect the with the
the when the This and Warning Turn the or to the Turning On the the cover. the to the the Press the [Source Search] the or Press the the the the from the when DVD or other and necessary). the following Turn the connected or the cover the to the Press the the or to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and The light This that the
the Direct On to On the the as as that the such as Direct On recovering from Turning On the to Communication On the ECO the as as the from the Computer1 the On to Computer1 the On first.) ECO Features" Related
turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turning the Press the the or Turn off this when to the of the and Brightness the selected, The displays shutdown To the or the when the light flashing Press the (To other the cover. The the off, and the light off. To or the the light flashing), then the cord. the right With there cool-down Features" Related
You the and the the and Turn the Select and the to Press the the or Select and the displayed to the (UTC) Select and the from Coordinated Universal finished, and Select the and Select the and Select the and You this Daylight To daylight the and Then Select the and You this
Features" Related the and To the through the and Then finished, and finished, and Press or to the o
Features" Related Selecting the the If to the and another the Press the the or Turn the Select the and Select the to and Select the and Press or to the
The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the [A/V seconds the to Rear the to from from front of the Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to the top-to-bottom to from the and the correctly. from or mount. Projection the Projection the "Projection Related Related You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Press the button the or Turn the and the Projection the Remote the the Remote the Projection the and Features" Select the and You the to the top-to-bottom. the [A/V the seconds. Turn the and
Related Projection Select Projection and Select and Press or to the
the foot the foot If from or other and the too high or the height the The the of the becomes to the that to the If the to the Features" Related To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the Turn the and The foot from the You the to If the the to their height. Release the to the foot.
You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the You the Screen to the and of to Automatically Correcting the with "Automatically Correcting the Shape with "Correcting the with the "Correcting the with Corner" Features" Related The and the Projection about to (EB-1985WU/EB-1980WU) The the and these Projection about to (EB-1975W/EB-1970W) about right or or or from the inches or The too the or corrects and the displays and then corrects the the these The to the Projection about to (EB-1985WU/EB-1980WU) Projection about to (EB-1975W/EB-1970W) Projection about right or or or If to the function, to the Press the the or Turn the and Related
the the farther from when the include least the top and of the that and the the the height and the to the If the within the the the as to the the of the You the the appears, the or the The corrected to the aspect ratio of the input and this appears. Press the [Screen the the the of the If operations the about seconds. the as the buttons the finished, Corner The to the If necessary, the corners individually Corner the arrow the Related
"Correcting the with Corner" You the correction buttons to the of that Correcting the with the You buttons to to right, or the the the and selecting the If the of reach, correction, slightly Press of the the to the Turn the and Related Press to the
You the Corner to the and of that Correcting the with Corner Select and Press the the or Turn the and the and Corner Select and Press necessary.
If this the further the indicated the the arrow buttons to the of the to Then You the Corner To the Corner about seconds while the Corner to switch the correction displayed, and Corner Select Switch to to and as to corners. finished, Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. the Corner displayed. The to Corner the The the buttons the the Corner displayed.
Related
the to or reduce the the with the Turn the and Features" Related
Focusing the the You the using the You the to the the the of the The the the about to (EB-1985WU/EB-1980WU) Projection about to (EB-1975W/EB-1970W) Projection about right or or or The too bright inches or following Turn the and Press the the to the Press or to the
Focusing the the Features" Related
Professional and and and and You the to using USB to and from the Projecting with USB and and and USB "Uninstalling the USB Software" the USB Software" "USB Features" Related and and and To the USB software, the following OS OS and OS OS OS and OS (Service only) PC Edition Edition Professional XP PC G4 or (Core or recommended) MB or III or or recommended) CPU MB or MB or Memory and or or and MB or
USB Double-click the and follow the OS X: The USB instructions. "Projecting with USB with USB Related the USB or off the to the the projected. If the USB automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD USB Follow on-screen instructions. The first the to USB the USB software. You to the software the If connected to to the to USB the USB Software Click EPSON OS X: Click the USB the USB USB of the following: If nothing of the following: If using or XP and to USB to the USB and to the USB-B OS X: Disconnect from the USB the or and the USB the USB There to If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE EPSON_PJ_UD Double-click EMP_UDSE.EXE of the following to the software: XP: automatically. the displayed, EMP_UDSE.EXE
Click and Uninstalling USB authority, displayed and to the software. If this to the and to If from the USB the USB when the USB with of WUXGA the the performance USB USB If appears the using and of the Applications the Projecting with USB Select USB and Change/Remove Double-click Click or Related Uninstalling USB "Uninstalling the USB Software" Click and of the following: "Connecting to USB and with USB "Selecting Source" Related and Click Uninstall from the category. Select USB and of the following: XP: Double-click or and Click Uninstall XP: Click Follow the instructions these sections to the USB software. Uninstalling the USB Software "Uninstalling USB "Projecting with USB Related "Uninstalling the USB Software" Related "Uninstalling USB "Uninstalling USB "Uninstalling USB (OS X)"
Select Search Charms and search USB Uninstalling USB with USB Right-click USB Select USB and Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to Select Uninstall from the Double-click Applications USB "Uninstalling the USB Software" Uninstalling USB (OS X) Related USB Double-click and follow the on-screen instructions to "Uninstalling the USB Software" Related
Press the the the If there than that the to through the and DVD switch from to the connected to the such as other. Selecting Source the connected to turned DVD or other and of the following: USB (USB-B and connected to the USB-A C and HDMI/MHL HDMI1/MHL, and HDMI2 Mirroring with the EB-1985WU/ EB-1975W. (Computer1 and Computer2 Network (LAN and Mirroring) Press the [Source Search] the or the from the
This when detected. the the and Selecting Source Features" Related
Normal the to the To without to or The width-to-height aspect Normally, the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios Aspect Related If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio" Features" Aspect Related You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Turn the and switch to the to "Projected Appearance with Each Aspect You the aspect ratio of the displayed the Aspect Ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input and the the of the tion the aspect the of the tion and the aspect ratio of the the and the aspect ratio of the Normal Converts the aspect ratio of the to Press the [Aspect] the as (aspect ratio and Native To through the aspect input the [Aspect] repeatedly.
Aspect ratio input Aspect The aspect ratio HDMI/MHL Aspect Ratio The Native the input Native Projected Appearance with Each Aspect Aspect Ratio" Related Aspect Ratio" Related the aspect ratio and of input the following to the of and Black and aspect with of WUXGA or WXGA Aspect ratio input Aspect Normal
To through of the input the repeatedly. The offers to brightness, and of and types. You the to match and or with the You the the Quality Related Features" the Iris" Related You the to these the input bright Turn the and switch to the to You the the to the the whiteboard the accordingly) Whiteboard chalkboard the accordingly) Blackboard bright Sports Theatre displays bright Press the the to the photographs and other DICOM SIM bright The appearance and the of the appears the
The DICOM SIM reference and should to the based the brightness of the or Theatre Iris to Iris Related Select Iris and Turn the and switch to the to Press the the or Select the and High to brightness as as the Choose of the following options and Normal brightness Press or to the
Related
You aspects of displayed the You the Saturation, and Brightness the Saturation, and Brightness the Saturation, and Brightness" Features" the Related the following as each (red), C and (yellow): Advanced Select and RGBCMY Select and Turn the and switch to the to Press the the or To the of the bluish the To the of the the To the brightness of the the Brightness Select the and
Press or to the the You that the the Color" the Related Select and the correction Advanced Select and Select and Turn the and switch to the to Press the the or Select the and of the to the the of become the reduce the become
To the tone to from the Then the or arrow to to the where to the brightness and from the Press the arrow to the the the selected tone and the DICOM SIM If selected as the the the If the inches or If the inches or to the correctly and specifications. If to and the of the following
Press the or right arrow buttons to the tone to Then the or arrow to from the To the the and the Press or to the Quality the Color" Related
the with the The buttons the or connected to the You the each connected input To or the the buttons the or as shown. Turn the and To the to input the appears the high hearing the off, that and then increase the Features" Related
Follow the instructions these sections to features. the and Sound Temporarily" "Projecting Action Temporarily" PC Presentation" Related Correction when Projecting from Projectors" the Remote as Wireless the Remote as Security Features"
Press the You this You the to from You the using the or the To input the other the Source the input and While using the other and to both Press the While using the the appears when the input from the You input that combined. The currently selected input to the of the You the operations from the
Source Combinations" Restrictions" To switch and The the and right Projection Source Combinations These input combinations HDMI1/MHL, HDMI2 and Screen Mirroring LAN (Wireless) and Mirroring USB USB and LAN Computer1 and Computer2 To while reducing the other and to Screen Projection Restrictions Related The following operations Normal Switching the aspect (the aspect to Operations the the the Iris Source To the option, and to Select to hear from the or the the input the appear the displayed when input or when or warning displayed. To the or Features" Related
If the apply them the the and the the right. that the Brightness such as and both and Reduction and the the appears when Background to the to the the right. right input. Projecting "Projecting the Color" Aspect Iris" Related
type You PC whenever USB that This and easily and the PC the the Highly CMYK the the converted from PDF or the Encrypted PDF PC PDF "Precautions PC Projection" "Starting PC PC Features" Related with other than PCM or the than GB ADPCM "Projecting PC JPEG) tion Related You these of the PC PC Supported PC "PC the following when PC features. PC that If from formatting the FAT16/32. instead.
Press the [USB] the The PC displayed. You to the security features USB You while PC USB USB that includes AC the USB while accessed; the AC to outlet when the with You the following functions while PC the otherwise, PC correctly. with PC features. with the A/V PC If the Select displayed, the arrow buttons To the Select highlight Select the top of the and to the and Action Temporarily" "Projecting PC Related If to the arrow to highlight the and to To back highlight Top and Previous and or the or Next To highlight or buttons the of the following to connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and the and Sound Temporarily" the Remote as Starting PC of the following: You the PC options or effects highlighting Option the of the and
To the follow the instructions or the button. You to the To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the Projecting PC Turn off the USB necessary, and then the from the "Connecting to USB or "Projecting PC "PC Related Slideshow arrow buttons to highlight the option the of To of the the the and If than the or include the shortened or You the switching highlighting Option the of the and the USB to the switch to the USB input and PDF You the following while PDF from USB Starting PC PDF To the or arrow While the following commands to the JPEG2000 effects, 3D PDF without artwork, or Release Press the [USB] the The PC displayed. To to the or previous the or right arrow
Projecting PC If than the or include the shortened or the While PDF the following commands to the If the Select displayed, the arrow buttons Select To the Select highlight the top of the and to the and of the following to To to the or previous the or arrow If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and To back highlight to Top and Previous and or the or To highlight Next or buttons the Press the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the The first the PDF displayed
connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and PC To of to from, the (If while the the or right arrow to and displayed, the PC Option You the PC operation options highlighting the of the and Press the [USB] the The PC displayed. and expanded vertically to the height expanded to the of the expanded the arrow buttons. Press to To the of to the of the To the while displayed to If the Select displayed, the arrow buttons Select To the Select highlight the top of the and to the and Turn off the USB necessary, and then the from the To the the highlight and To displayed the or right arrow If to the arrow to highlight the and of the following to "Connecting to USB or PC Related
the Converter Operation information to to To back highlight Top and Previous and or the or Next To highlight or buttons the PC Press the [USB] the The PC displayed. To back the arrow to highlight the and If than the or include the Slideshow option the of the the shortened or If to back the the If the Select displayed, the arrow To the Select highlight Select the top of the and to the and To playback, the highlight and You to the If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and of the following to Turn off the USB necessary, and then the from the "Connecting to USB or PC "PC Related To back highlight to Top and Previous and or the or To highlight Next or the USB to the switch to the USB input and
You these options when PC To this Option highlight the of the PC and PC To the arrow buttons to highlight the and PC To switch while of these the Next or C Previous Next continuously On Continuous the tomatically Switching Sorts first-to-last Ascending Sort Sorts last-to-first once To playback, the highlight and (Select and to the Turn off the USB necessary, and then the from the Previous or played) Next or played) switch slightly and switches to the the selected matically; high to "Connecting to USB or "Projecting PC Related
Projecting PC of PC Related
You the A/V the The off A/V You this the ECO ECO Cover ECO A/V the and Sound Temporarily You temporarily off the and sound to action to however, redirect sound or the that The operating A/V the hours to Related ECO Features" Press the [A/V the to temporarily and sound. If to such as or A/V displayed the the when the [A/V pressed, the A/V To the and sound back [A/V
You temporarily the action or to however, the and the the sound or action that Action Temporarily Press the the to the action. To the action Features" Related
The and the ratio displayed the You to of of the and the Features" Related Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the to To the crosshair the arrow to the crosshair the of arrow buttons the The selected to to four Press the repeatedly to the Press and the to the following buttons the to the To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the To to the
the Remote as Wireless You the as wireless from the the to using the USB-B, Computer1, Computer2, HDMI1/MHL, or HDMI2 You the wireless with and or OS and from connected to the HDMI1/MHL The wireless function when MHL To the the the arrow buttons. To the of arrow as the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the To through or the or buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the USB-B and to USB If connected to the Computer1, Computer2, HDMI1/MHL, or HDMI2 USB to the wireless If the to the the operation of the reversed. operating functions other than the function when the or function, the The Wireless function the following the or displayed. (such as the or function the following the to
the Remote as Wireless Features" Related the as
Features" Related You the as to information the The arrow. You the the the the Remote as Press the the the arrow to the the To the of arrow buttons the Press to the from the
You the when the input or when temporarily You the and it whenever the A/V This the You photo, graphic, or as the which the to theft. You to the protection. Once to the factory Protection On If the to the the from to another using the batch copied. the information that to Protection to the as Select and Press the the or the to as the You to the as Select the and such as or Aspect temporarily when
You selection Select and You to the as the the arrow buttons to surround the to as the and the the to match the of the The and appears. It the to the the its or connected finished. Select and You to this You the Select when to the Select the and Press to the Select and Select and (If to the selected and the Select and You the factor To whenever the On and to To whenever there input Background and to
Protection On the to the To from the without first Protection and the To whenever the [A/V A/V and to the and Sound Temporarily" "Selecting Security Features" Related
Correction when from to the and tone of each with that the of from each match closely. ID each to them individually and then the brightness and each the brightness and tone match completely correction. Related these the other to from Correction when from Projectors" Press or to the Related "Selecting the You to "Matching Quality" Features" the ID the ID" the ID, the ID the to the the the and the [ID] Selecting the You to If to from each ID. Press the the or Select the and Select ID and the arrow buttons to the to the Then
On If the as the from the Press the [ID] to the You the Correction when from from the the to the If the as the ID to match the to the using the whichever ID the You the ID from the ID the to each the to the ID the The ID the It about seconds. Correction when from Projectors" Related You match the of that to each other. Turn the which to match the Quality While holding the [ID] the that matches the ID of the to ID each The to selected.
Access the the and the to Correction when from the the the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness Correct. and the It to match the ID the first the Press the the and the Correct. G/R and to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these matching to to and Correction when Projecting from Projectors" Related Select the and the to Select the ID the the
Protection from the or You to theft or the following security features: from using the and to the and other This acts as anti-theft function as the to buttons or when buttons the This or shows when security to people who know the security to operation of the the and who the Security cabling to physically the to operation. Security to the "Selecting Security Security Features" Related the the about seconds. The to this to To security, the Features" Security Security Related If Protection already activated, the to the Protection You the Protection You the following of security using This to Direct On and displayed when the when input, or when the A/V The without first the Protection from the and turning the first the Network Protection from the On Protection from the theft the owner. Network On. Security Select and
You the accepted". If the incorrectly, displayed prompting to the the Security of the and Press to to the Security Related You the the this allowing to the security to Selecting Security the the and the buttons to If the Protection displayed and If this the the seconds the appears. To to the or related To unauthorized of the On as the On as the Protection On Protection The displays as as when the fourth
To to the or On Network To to as the You the to the as On Protection as the theft Protection Security The to the to the Related If the incorrect, and to the to proceed. and the switches to If this the from the and the back The displays the that appears the and If to the and input the displayed and the "The locked." If the of the If incorrect three the that the the "The operation locked. as the displayed, the to the Security the the while the the buttons. Security Related
the You the or the buttons You the buttons the to from the The operated using the the Security Press the the or To buttons the To of the buttons, Select of these and Select and The buttons locked the chose. You Select and "Unlocking the Security Features" Related Select and
the security the to and to or heavy If the buttons locked, of the following to them. Unlocking the Security Select as the the the the seconds. displayed and the released. the Related You theft-prevention lock. the with the locking instructions. Security Features" Related You of security the to theft. the security the to Security Security the Security www.kensington.com/
the Network Follow the instructions these sections to "Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring)" "Wireless Network Projection" "Wired Network Projection" Related
the other of the to the LAN this, the to and then You to through wired To and Wired Network Projection and the as the software from the Software CD-ROM or the software as necessary. the following software and to Network Projection projection. the the of users PC the instructions. PC Projection software allows to interactive Network Projection software and instructions. from to network the Selecting Wired Network "Wired Network Projection" Related If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly through the the Network software (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W). Related Press the the or connected the to wired using the LAN Network Select the and To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or Connecting to Wired Network the "Selecting Wired Network "Connecting to Wired Network" of the to switch, or router.
to characters the characters the the EPSONWEB; to Wired Network Projection security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network software to the the to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. Wired LAN Select the and Select Network and Select the and IP as necessary. IP and to characters to the the Select the basic options as necessary.
IP and the and DHCP If manually, the to as necessary. DHCP If network assigns automatically, the On to Wired Network Projection To the IP from the IP the to the arrow buttons the To To highlight the from the displayed highlighted Complete selecting and follow the instructions to and the "Wired Network Projection" Related
To the wireless the wireless LAN (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W). other type of wireless LAN the LAN wireless LAN and then (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W). To this, the You to through wireless and wireless Network Projection the while its or flashing, or while wirelessly. This the or Turn off the and the cord. There to the to wireless the optional USB the manually the Network only) If connected LAN to that includes wireless to the wirelessly using the Network Projection software. the cover and the cover. the and the the software, as necessary. the following software and to Network Projection software wireless the Network Projection the of users the PC instructions. software from the Software CD-ROM or the PC Projection software allows to interactive and wireless instructions. the screw the wireless LAN and the Wireless Only)" the Wireless LAN the Network" Related "Selecting Wireless Network "Selecting Network Manually" "Selecting Network OS X" Wireless Network Security" "Searching Wireless
Wireless Network and the the cover. Related the wireless LAN the You the Wireless USB to the to wirelessly. You then and the when Wireless Only) "Wireless Network Projection" The Wireless USB included with Turn the the wireless LAN and the screw
"Wireless Network Projection" Related displayed informing that the information the USB to the USB-A Wireless Network Projection Press the the or from wireless to the Selecting Wireless Network Manually the displayed, then Allow the USB to USB the USB Network Select the and If appear, the [LAN] the or Follow the on-screen instructions to the If the displayed, to the firewall. Wireless LAN On Wireless Select as the finished wirelessly, the option the and then the USB from You to to wireless LAN
to characters the characters the the EPSONWEB; to Network Projection security to to the the with You displayed, from the Projection software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. LAN Select the and Select Network and Select the and to Select the to characters to the the Select the basic options as necessary.
Press the the or Select the Network and Advanced to wireless instructions to the the switching the follow the on-screen Network appears. Network Projection SSID On search, the to If assign SSID to the SSID to the SSID. IP If assigns automatically, DHCP On to the to Select the SSID and IP as Select the Wireless LAN and Network Select and DHCP IP to and the IP If manually, to the Gateway and as necessary. the SSID or the IP To the SSID or IP from the to selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the finished wireless to the wireless "Wireless Network Projection" Related You function to and to wireless Searching Network
instructions to the the switching the follow the on-screen Network appears. Select Advanced as the and Network Projection Select Search Access and Security the the to match follow the on-screen instructions to and the Complete finished and connecting to the the wireless Selecting Network "Network Security "Wireless Network Projection" Related Select the of the wireless to to and security the the Security and To wireless software, the the
the information. (SSID) of the the connecting Advanced the Wireless Network Projection Press the the or Network Select and Network Select the and Security Select the and Selecting Network OS Network Projection" Click Related connecting to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned and the (SSID) of the Advanced the connecting follow the on-screen instructions to and the finished Complete and Select the security to match Network Security "Wireless Network Projection" Related "Wireless Network Projection" Related (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W). of the following security You security to wireless network options to match the WPA/WPA2 security WPA2
"Network Security Wireless Network Projection
You Mirroring to from Selecting Mirroring Wireless Network from You to from such as smartphones, and using or and (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W). Press the the or Network Select the and If or to software. You with and You to with copyright protection with features supported. The features You You 3D fps. the following when using Mirroring features. such as Ultrabook, with Core with or or Mirroring On Wireless Select as the or the "Connecting Mirroring with the Software" "Connecting Screen Mirroring "Selecting Mirroring the Related "Connecting Mirroring with the Function"
Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) characters to the from of to Direct XXXXX LAN the type of wireless LAN the connecting the type of WPS Protected Quality the Select to the and to increase the Mirroring Select and while input other than Mirroring. PIN Notice the PIN the selecting and follow the instructions to and the Related Network from Mirroring)" the Mirroring as necessary.
Wireless Network from Mirroring) Connecting Screen Mirroring You through the You wireless from Charms connecting Mirroring. Press the [LAN] the to switch to the Mirroring Mirroring Select the as necessary. Select the from the You of On from Charms and You the Mirroring If the PIN the PIN displayed the Mirroring or the right of the The displays the from Select wireless
Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) It the established. While connecting, the cord. Doing to or malfunction. "Wireless Network from (Screen Mirroring)" Connecting Mirroring with the Software Related If the PIN the PIN displayed the Mirroring or the right of the Select the from the If or with the software You through the connecting to the wirelessly and Mirroring. Select the Mirroring as necessary. It the established. While connecting, the cord. Doing to or malfunction. The displays the from Related Press the [LAN] the to switch to the Screen Mirroring On the software. You the Mirroring You of "Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring)"
"Wireless Network from Mirroring)" Related Wireless Network Projection from Mirroring) Connecting Mirroring with the Function through the If such as smartphone to the wirelessly and You Mirroring. Mirroring Select the as necessary. On function to search the Press the [LAN] the to switch to the Mirroring You the Mirroring You of If the PIN the PIN displayed the Mirroring or the right of the It the established. While connecting, the cord. Doing to or malfunction. The displays the from Select the from the when connecting. Follow the on-screen instructions the to
and the Follow the instructions these sections to and the Browser" Network SNMP" ESC/VP21 Commands Related Support"
software only) and through the the instructions. You from the following and the Related
You the following using and Hours Once to and using This the remotely. HTTP to characters) You the following only using SNMP Community to characters) browser. The and or You of the or If to Communication On the the (when and that ECO to and the off). Remote To remotely, the option. connected to the the IP the browser's and the the turned You the Select the to the function to If and (The EPSONWEB and the You to the You the the Network the Network To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to
and Selects and HDMI C Selects A/V and the Selects the USB or USB Selects the Searches Related ECO "Network
Select the SMTP from to You the to the there with the ECO the the Communication On If the to the (when the off). Network Choose field, the and the to to three Complete selecting and follow the on-screen instructions to and the to characters Press the the or Select Network and Select the Network and If to and the "Network Related Select the and with the and selected to containing the following The of the as the The IP of the affected information about the the information: Network ECO On the to these or through (where from to SMTP the IP the option.
If to Network Network Related
finished selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the software network they If this software, the SNMP Network SNMP Network SNMP and the Related Press the the or Select Network and Select the Network and Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. the SNMP to On these or through (where from to
SOURCE USB Command Item You the from using ESC/VP21. ESC/VP21 Commands Related (CR) to the of each and SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN SOURCE Mirroring MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/ the ON transmitted to the the and warm-up the turned and the "ESC/VP21 Command ESC/VP21 Command ESC/VP21 Commands Related If the terminates abnormally, output and input, the the and and then the command. Command Item The following commands the following the shown the and the type: Connector input RS-232C the right: SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE RGB PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF SOURCE A0 HDMI2 SOURCE SOURCE HDMI1/MHL SOURCE
ESC/VP21 Commands ground GND TD RD Function ESC/VP21 Commands Flow length: Parity: Related
information EPSON displayed "Product information Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to and the the EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON Related The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and the You to and Function AVMT AVMT Non-compatible commands Source INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 INPT INPT HDMI1/MHL INPT HDMI2 INPT USB INPT LAN INPT USB INPT Mirroring
and connected to the If connecting wirelessly, the using To and the Advanced network If the and the and using Press the the or Network Select and Network Select the and If the to Communication On the Broadcasting when ECO the the You the or the (when the off). Others Select the and information the To the with the and the or Edition You following the to On to allow the to detected. This to operations browser. and the Support" ECO Related finished selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the
Select the input that to the Sources You through the and the Turn off the and then to the To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: displays the OK acts as the Networked Support" Related the displayed and then To the and the selecting to the Info To information about the the Once to and using connected to the the IP the browser's and the You this Related the the and the
the operations as the arrow buttons the Arrow buttons the as the OK while RGB from Computer1 or Computer2 Tracking and the to the input that Search the operation as the the and the to, and from, the the Used to IT information the that rently connected. Info the that currently connected. Source that shown or to or Switches to the from the selected input To input The input You the necessary. the and or off. A/V the or off. the the features. Related the light and the the the or released. C the brightness. Brightness or reduces the without the Click the arrow buttons to the of the sharpness. Sharpness
to the to the when the characters) New Select to to the C Select to to the operation the Pass Click to the to the the as New If the the displayed. Confirm the when the to the to characters) New New the as If the the displayed. Confirm Click to the to the location the that currently the to characters and Location to the that currently connected from other the to characters) Networked Related Select to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP the currently connected the to characters and To the IP to to the currently connected IP the the currently ted Gateway Click to the to the
You to to such as turning the or off or switching the input The the selected the specified and the to automatically, front of the front of the If the catch fire. the and the Warning Select the to Press the the or If Protection off Protection first. Select the and Operation Select and New Select and Select the and which the to
or off or or the selected To the and the or and the from Select option from the displayed. The scheduled the with indicating the Select and To scheduled and the Select Complete then the and Related
the Follow the instructions these sections to the and Quality the On-screen the Related "Copy to Another (Batch Network Network Information Info ECO
Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the You the to the that The displays the the the To the to their Press or to the Press the the or the Related You the the Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the
The on-screen displayed when to and characters. the On-screen the arrow the or to highlight the or character to and the and the the CAPS the characters SYM1/2 the the the the to Select to You and from using the on-screen to the Browser" the Related
when high selected and The tinted ted when selected. the tone based to other or DI 5000K to 10000K COM SIM the the of the input currently The the currently selected input Quality the and intensity the select of the correction or to the RGB the (red), RGBCMY the and of each (red), and of C of the (yellow) individually. the offset and or RGBCMY RGB Advanced the based the brightness when the Col Thea or to or High Normal Iris To input the and that The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the the ECO to their the or the Varying Brightness the of the ors. Varying the of and the light and of the Varying the of the Related the of to tones the Varying the sharpness or of Varying Sharpness
the to Varying Tracking Normally the and the input The the currently selected input If to the the or the to Varying whether or to fast-moving graphics, and animation. types. the location the Right input) You the when the input USB USB, LAN, or Mirroring. NR1 NR2 Reduction the to match the the other than Expanded normally from Normal normally from selected the selected the of the of the connected to the too bright. too HDMI input ically. Expanded Normal HDMI To input the connected and that Automatically On (when On the the Tracking You the of the and the input using the option. Normal
You the Reduction when the following input. input. The Processing to The to RGB input. RGB corrects corrects connected to the type from input automatically. inputs. inputs. RGB Aspect the Related the type from the input connected to the appears when to the If interference appears or to the automatically. connected NTSC4.43 SECAM M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 NTSC PAL the the ratio to or automatically. the aspect ratio (width-to-height the selected input aspect the of Aspect input) and RGB speed/quality. increases increases Processing to their and the Processing
the of the the features. or the of each Varying reception of the selected receiver; off receivers. the Assigns option to the access. tion Info Front/Rear Rear to manually Corner to and or correction or off. to and and vertically). Corner to correcting the cusing and the and to to the and locking to buttons. buttons locked. the the Source Screen Source If
to their the the Related
Selects the the the the oriented rectly. Rear/Ceiling Rear the features. Direct On the operating from the as On to Computer1 to from the when the the Source Search to to the the used. to Communication On the without the High the Selects ECO first.) and Direct On On Source High Search Operation such as input or to when or high warning the when Screen to On to to On to Background the A/V the or aspect to when A/V Selects received. turned A/V ground Selects and when the to On ECO the the input HDMI the or HDMI2 and to HDMI1 A/V On to to first.) option. HDMI1 HDMI2 A/V A/V Creates that the to and security.
the the and Assigns ID the when through ID Protection the Protection On to the Protection to first. Matches and of each selecting Brightness Cor Correct. Correct. to (G/R) (B/Y) rect. Select the and displays. Projection High Source Search and to their the A/V ID to selected and To the the the from Coordinated Universal (UTC) the (UTC) Protection related to Protection to On the Background A/V and Protection to first. "Selecting Security the Related
DST the and to Daylight to On to DST the and to DST the daylight and daylight DST Daylight DST DST Daylight the through On to to the IP "Selecting Security Related
Mirroring To Mirroring (EB-1985WU/ 1975W) Network the information and the and Network Protection the to Network Protection On Protection to the first. Network Network when selected Wire wireless and to Wireless LAN On Wireless LAN Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Info. Wire 1975W/1970W) (EB-1985WU/ LAN wired and Gateway MAC IP DHCP Info. Wired LAN and Once connected to This the remotely. To Network ration wireless LAN Select Mirroring On to with the Mirroring features. Wireless LAN On when the and wireless LAN. If to wireless LAN, off to unauthorized others. Wireless LAN On LAN On EB-1985WU/1975 Both Mirroring EB-1970W On 1975W/1970W) Wireless (EB-1985WU/ "Network Mirroring the Related Mirroring and Wireless when Mirroring On to MAC Mirroring (EB-1985WU/ 1975W) Info
the increases increases quality. Quality Network Network "Network Wireless LAN "Network Security "Network tected when to the the security. If wirelessly. Select PIN to only the PBC Selects the type of WPS PIN/PBC PIN/PBC PIN Network Mirroring "Network Wired LAN "Selecting Security "Network Others "Network "Network On to to the PIN input other than the when Mirroring. On PIN Notice Mirroring to the their Related Mirroring the the Mirroring (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W). Network Network Mirroring XXXXX the the Network Network Network Network Network to the when searching the using the to characters the the and the Wireless LAN
Wireless LAN the wireless LAN (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W). Network Wireless LAN Network Network Network Network Wireless LAN to the the to characters the to characters EPSONWEB; the the to characters Pass Select the type of wireless to SSID the Advanced to wireless The establish The becomes easy On to the Network Projection to established Advanced to to the PC Projection software You displayed, from On to to security the Network Projection and the with to the On Network Network Related
Select whether to the IP the On IP selects the the wireless LAN. Network Network Network Network Network Security Related SSID to On to the search, and to when connecting to the On SSID ANY SSID to or to the SSID of the wireless LAN the ANY connecting to. to characters SSID security that match the connecting the to the Security the type of security and (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W). Network Network Security they displayed Advanced the Search wireless the You security rately. To Search Search Access to manually the IP (where assigns automatically; to and Gateway using to each from to IP and these DHCP to On and and or through field. Gateway IP DHCP IP Select whether to the SSID the On SSID
follow the instructions from Selects the type of security the the to security, follow the structions from the of wireless Network Network WPA/WPA2-PSK WPA2-PSK Security the Wired LAN the wired LAN Network Network Network Wired LAN Related WPA2-PSK WPA/WPA2-PSK and the pressed, the and displayed as input the the the phrase security. If the using Projection, to initialized, the and security, selects the the to the phrase the from the from to characters Passphrase Network Network Wired LAN the optional wireless LAN and Advanced that security. WPA that the wireless The TKIP and AES of security using authentication or authenticating and without This WPA includes authentication WPA authentication the without
to manually the IP (where assigns automatically; to and Gateway to each from to IP and these DHCP to On Gateway and and or through field. Network Network Gateway IP DHCP IP the IP the these or (where from to SMTP to each through field. IP SMTP when or On to to to the with On Select whether to the IP the On IP Network Network Related the and the to to to characters Select the SMTP to the or the Network Network Network Network Network Related
to On when to allow the to AMX Discovery. On AMX covery Others the other Network Network Network Others the the the software. the Broadcasting On to when or On infor On to when to the mation the service. On Network Network Others You Broadcast and its from the to On to EPSON Broadcasting following On Broad casting SNMP. To the to the SNMP should to On to the SNMP The On SNMP Network Network Support" Related SNMP using to these or (where from to to IP to through each field. IP Trap IP Trap IP the of the Network Network You the Wireless LAN Wired LAN Priority Gateway
Network Network Select to Network Network Related
the to ECO the functions to power-saving appears to the ECO A/V Automatically off the On (when On A/V On that the allow the following operations to when the this to and the when the Automatically off the the cover closed (when On On Communication On A/V A/V A/V and to to On ECO reduces brightness and and and life. brightness and high or locations to high the to the Normal bright the You when Selects the brightness of the ingly. ness. Normal ECO tion the of the to the power-saving when the (when On On ECO ECO to their the the Related off the of inactivity (when On On
You information about the and the Info the Information Info Normal and ECO the of hours the the information The the input The hours the least hours. Information item the and firmware the information. Info Information item the of the to which the input connected. Source the input of the input the of the input Info Info "Info Info the Related the of the input the refresh of the input Refresh Rate information that service technician. Info You information about the and input Info Info the the
Communication with disconnected. the software. and ID information about that service technician. Information Info Information item occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF then the off and then The software unexpectedly. the 04FE with the SSID. and to the SSID. the of ID the ID to ID the Information Info Related The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, the DHCP to Network Wireless LAN IP DHCP Network Wired LAN IP DHCP the Network The TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized nected. ID Info If the option the displays this of ID the to the associated with the If the or technical ID ID "Info Info Other Related The software Turn the off and then and try to the Unstable the and ID the the
You of the to their the option the You the to when the the option. You the following using the option: Network items the Related
The USB FAT and incorporate security function. the batch or the correctly. Copy to Another (Batch selecting the the to USB or with USB to to another as as they the the from the and that of the lights turned off. USB directly to the USB-A the the or the and the to the such as the following to the other and the the batch batch the such as to another function Network Others the and the Info and from the of the lights release the USB flash writing finished, the off. The lights flashing and the batch written to the while the written. If the or the or the USB from the disconnected, the correctly. copying the from to another, copied. the information that to as responsibility batch and associated to or other that such The the batch If to the text PJCONFDATA PJCONFDATA section of the the only characters. If the to the correctly. the USB "Performing Batch USB "Performing Batch USB the Related You from to another of the USB Performing Batch USB
You this batch with XP and or OS and Copy to Another (Batch the from the to which to and that of the lights off. the from the and that of the lights off. the the or the and the to the USB to the USB and to the USB-B the USB containing the batch to the USB-A of the lights turn release the (The lights approximately seconds.) the the or the and the to the of the lights release the the or and the batch to the The the batch If to the text PJCONFDATA PJCONFDATA section of the the characters. If the to the correctly. The the as of the lights flashing, the written. writing finished, the off. while the written. If the or the or the USB from the disconnected, the correctly. the USB or the to the Trash (OS X). the USB "Copy to Another (Batch Performing Batch USB the USB Related the from the to which to and that of the lights turned off. The off. You from to another of the connecting the and with USB
Copy to Another (Batch the USB to the USB and to the USB-B Copy the batch that to to the top of the of the lights release the the the or the and the to the The the as the USB or the to the Trash (OS X). or other than the batch to the the USB of the lights flashing, the written. writing finished, the off. the from the while the written. If the disconnected, the correctly. "Copy to Another (Batch Related
the The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. You to clean the and the and to the from overheating to Warning the Remote and "Cleaning the "Cleaning the Related
To lint-free cloth with and the directly To or the with lens-cleaning the Clean the periodically, or whenever or the Cleaning the that The high heat the fire. Warning or to the and the to otherwise, or the Related the
cleaning the off the and the cord. To cloth with and directly the To or cloth. Cleaning the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the the Related
the reached high It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often Clean the when appears the than this the to and You the that clean both the or or to If this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or when the the reached high Attention If to or the the and the optics or other areas. The or Cleaning the and "Cleaning the and the the Related and the Related Clean the or they or to them. the or (such as paintbrush). Turn off the and the cord. cleaning the to clean or The torn or You to the the following
of to You the while the mounted to the or and the the as shown and clicks the cover and the cover. Turn off the and the cord. the of the and the cover. Related
to the brightness and of the the to Normal the the to ECO the The to appear the following ECO About hours ECO About hours The the of hours the and displays this information the appears when the to the as as when the following the displayed seconds) The or If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as repeatedly off the and then immediately back Turning the and off shorten the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the become or the warning malfunction caused the of covered the of option The of and or warranty. The light flashing the the the Related You the while the mounted to the the
or the If or the fire, shock, or other the cool to injury. or injury. Warning the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Allow the to cool least hour. Turn off the and the cord. the cover and off. the there that the If the of which the should that the cracked, and should to the of the cover, of and If of the cover gently. when the cover as or mouth, physician immediately. Warning the screws the to the The screws the
If the cracked when the The this mercury with or and or recycling. the Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the the and the of the the assembly to the and the screws to
the cover securely or the the to to the the Related You the the to clear the and to correctly. the the to information. Turn the the cover and the screw to Press the the or Select and Select the and
You to the hours. Press or to the and Related
the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, injury, or to the Warning The AA or the as as they the Remote the cover and clicks the Instructions the the cover as shown. Attention the the Related the with the and facing as shown.
the these sections the or Remote the Displays" or Sound Light "Projection Related Network
If the properly, turn off, and then back and turn The information about The this The lights the the If this the the following: Projection If of these technical Related
and Lights Normal operation. The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and then to this Light buttons and Warming or about seconds to appear. the or Flashing with or the too that the and Clean or the too Light (or flashing Flashing while Flashing warning) Flashing Mirroring light (EB-1985WU/EB-1975W) light light light light C
Turn the off, and and Lights Flashing Flashing with or overheated and turned off. that the and turned off to and Lights Light Flashing Turn the off, and Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing High to On the Operation High If operating the high the If the the and or the the the Network Mirroring Both as and Mirroring On Flashing Connecting to Flashing Mirroring and Mirroring light to the burned or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. High On to the High If operating the high the If the the and Clean the Flashing If the lights the the off, and Wireless to Mirroring On Mirroring that the the Network the to the Light Flashing Flashing "Cleaning the and the Related or Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing
the Light
You information to the the Press the the or Turn the the and arrow to highlight the to The displayed. of the following actions when finished. Press to the To another to To the Related
Normal ECO the as the the from off Brightness the the or The to copyrighted that the the to they the the to with reduce the back the If the when the If the when buttons the the receivers turned buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. the On to from with the DirectX the these sections with or sound. or Sound Incorrect the USB Function" "Not Supported" Appears" Appears" Appears" the Appears" Related or Sound Related Displayed Correctly PC the Brightness or Colors Incorrect" the or Static" the or Blurry" to Sound Incorrect the USB Function Quality ECO "Unlocking the Press the [A/V the to the securely connected and the Press the to from or the completely Also, the connected or the cover the or the correct. the and connected Press the to the If appears, the following when temporarily turned off. Appears If appears or the appears incorrectly using the USB Press the [USB] the function, try the following
From the USB software correctly. from using off the of the If the smooth USB the with reduce the USB OS X, the the or from the layered USB Turn off the the (this manually necessary. from Applications DirectX or Sound If the displayed when from to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. From If necessary, and the option to or To the and the pressing the If the the and and the to the or instructions.) Appears the USB Software" or Sound Related Appears" From Related Press the [Source Search] and seconds If from to Turn the connected or and to that securely connected. If necessary, off the and the connected or If the appears, the following and then them back to appear. If the displayed when from to the Preferences the and or Sound From Related
within the the the to and the Rear Rear/Ceiling Projection or as the If or of the the buttons, the assigned to to they Press the [Aspect] the to selected the You the the to created software to the the connected the aspect Select the or LCD option, necessary. Click the or or Sound "Not Supported" Appears Appears" Select Related "Supported or Sound Related the input selected the and If necessary, If the "Not supported" displayed, the following the the If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height using the the buttons the to the the Appears or Sound Related Turn the Press the the to the If appears, the following the the the
If connected without to layered USB the Sharpness the the to If using the USB function, turn off the If the using the caused interference the Press the and the the the Corner to the or Sound or Sound Related "Automatically Correcting the with Screen "Correcting the Shape with the "Correcting the Shape with Corner" or Sound Related If the or blurry, try the following the the or Blurry "Supported Quality the or Static If the interference or Select and refresh that If from the the to the Tracking and If the correctly, manually the Tracking the the to they match the If the as the the the or to the from the to interference and the Not connected to and Reduction Securely connected both than They should the following with the the the that the To the the from the to using the enough to the Clean the from the or the using the the manually.
the the the Brightness input such as and/or Turn the or Sound selected the or the RGB RGBCMY selected the or the Advanced If connected connecting the securely connected to the and Sharpness the the to If from the the or Tracking the and manually the and to the tracking and the If from or that matches the At high or locations to high the become and to the ECO If the as the Normal ECO selecting the "Focusing the the Quality or Sound "Cleaning the Related If the to the the enough to the or Sound Related the Brightness or Colors Incorrect If the too or light, or the incorrect, Press the the to the and the following "Supported Quality ECO
to the the Turn the and the Network Projection, PC Projection, USB If the the to the while the or Wireless If there sound or the too or high, the following Press the [Source Search] the or If the USB function, the from the USB the through the HDMI If If to connected when the off, the option to Communication On the ECO A/V and the options correctly If the immediately turning off, the cooling the to switch to the input necessary. Press the [A/V the to If using and hear sound from HDMI If hear sound from HDMI the connected the the and high and or to the connected A/V Select the input the the turned and the the the and then and they temporarily to the the to PCM This or Sound to Sound the with the ECO or Sound Related If than the or include the shortened or PC Shorten or the Displayed Correctly PC or Sound Related
If the off and the and lights the overheated and turned off. the this light or Remote the these sections operating the or its and the If the the turn the the turned ECO the and Communication On to the On Computer1 to the A/V On while to or On A/V A/V This malfunction. "The Battery that Clock Appears" to or Shut-Off to with the to Related or Operation ECO "Unlocking the Light Related to or Shut-Off If the when the or the securely connected to the and to off unexpectedly, the following The security. Unlock the the the or the to the that the correctly and to the causing to Release the to the If the to commands, the operating the within the reception the or If necessary, the and of the following to with the If the off unexpectedly, To off as the of inactivity. operation to the the ECO The the and If the off unexpectedly, the A/V To off the A/V as the A/V the ECO To off the cover as the If the off unexpectedly, the Cover the ECO
or Related or Remote with the receivers. the lights Remote receivers turned off the the the least seconds to the If assigned ID to the to to or the ID (this If the another from sunlight, or If off of the receivers or the or the from the or Remote If the the with to its "The Battery that Clock Appears If the "The that clock displayed, Related or Remote or Remote "Selecting the You to the Remote "Remote Operation" Related If or the following If the If incorrect too and the and of ownership You turned protection without first write the and the the from to
Network the these sections the Network If to with the correctly the On the to the correctly. (If the the turned and connected to the ECO the software the or functioning or the software. the the following correctly. the Static Network Projection" You Access the Through the You Mirroring" the Static Screen Mirroring Network Received" Related "Network Network Related You Access the Through the If to the through the user ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the the to the the The the ID and the Static Network and the and their to the too them together and that the the the and If the the the the the following to The ID and "Network Network Related
to to the from Wireless LAN the Turn off the Wireless LAN and Once connected Mirroring, the connecting immediately disconnecting, LAN, Mirroring and information recorded the the recorded information. Select the from the of the established. If and the the correct. using Mirroring. the the while. interference from other such as Bluetooth If the wireless or or microwave. the farther or the of connected the wireless Network You Screen Mirroring Network Related Network Network "Network Screen Mirroring Network Related If to to the using Mirroring, Select Mirroring On as the Wireless the the that include the Mirroring If the Network and Mirroring On other connected to the the Mirroring light and the includes displayed correctly Select Both as the the Mirroring displayed. Network the the following the Static Mirroring If Mirroring and to wireless and the the the or the If the when connecting to cover the of the the the of the Mirroring, the following
the of the the when the the the to the of the wireless or the the Network "Wireless Network from Mirroring)" Network Related
these sections the technical specifications and about "Optional Accessories and "Supported and Specifications" Related "Notices"
ELPKC09 ELPKC10 of these the with the too Please purchase these products as and when The following of of to without and optional and as of: The following optional and the country of purchase. Optional and ELPKC19 this to this to from wireless Wireless LAN ELPAP07 "Optional Accessories" Related when to one-to-one the and with Wireless USB ELPAP09 when the high ELPFP13 ELPFP14 when the mount ELPMB23 when such as OHP or ELPDC06/ELPDC11/ELPDC12/ELPDC20 roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC29 ELPSC27 ELPSC28 this to the hand. Soft carrying ELPKS68 Optional when the from the ELPST16 to the from ELPSP02 ELPKC02 D- This the as the with the roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25 "Optional and Related
Optional and as ELPLP77 "Optional and as ELPAF41 Related
to the to to the from the based the of the and Projection to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from to Projection of C to
screen to and Projection EB-1985WU and EB-1980WU than Related
when other than those input, that the functions supported. The the refresh and each Supported RGB) Refresh HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh XGA WXGA VGA SVGA HDTV only EB-1985WU and EB-1980WU. Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA Refresh XGA VGA SVGA TV (PAL) HDMI WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" WSXGA+ WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ when selected as the the WUXGA EB-1985WU and EB-1980WU. MAC21"
Refresh SXGA Supported SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA HDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh HDTV HDTV WUXGA only EB-1985WU and EB-1980WU. VGA MHL HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV Related
On): (Communication (Communication On): EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W EB-1980WU to tion (W) (H) (D) including section) EB-1985WU/EB-1980WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W Product Specifications WUXGA (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) EB-1985WU/EB-1980WU EB-1975W/EB-1970W Polysilicon TFT active LCD (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W EB-1980WU to UHE ELPLP77 UHE ELPLP77 EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W EB-1980WU to +60C to +35C EB-1985WU/EB-1975W EB-1980WU/EB-1970W to 100-240V AC10% 100-240V AC10% EB-1985WU/EB-1975W/EB-1970W EB-1980WU supply This IT with phase- to-phase 230V.
RS-232C Specifications of USB-A USB USB to that USB. Specifications" Related If the of than and "Connector Specifications" Related Computer1 Computer2 RCA Connector Specifications HDMI PCM) HDMI1/MHL HDMI PCM) HDMI2 RCA (L-R) (3.5) (3.5) (3.5) USB A) USB-A USB B) USB-B RJ-45 LAN
Related from of to fixing of The these
international that and and DICOM This section the terms that the text of this to other publications. This (router) to Gateway HDCP High-bandwidth Con It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, However, the to protected HDCP technology. protected with updated or of HDCP Protection. cryption. HDCP AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the this technology, and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of Interlace) tions: HDTV SDTV and displays aspect of Screens with ratio of such as The ratio and its HDTV known as Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or information to other from the top of the and to to the displayed every other to connected to IP wireless LAN which through that the and this assigns IP to of connected to DHCP graphics clearly, or to them appear The brightness of the light and of this property of increased or to text and High-definition high and high interfaces such as without the and charges smartphones and connected MHL
The from If the match this the of the and the troughs the If the blurriness, and The of matching the phases of these (the of quality. interference Synchronization. amount of because the of information with information to though the of the the the The from If the match this the The of the of these (the If Tracking correctly, of the Tracking. of quality. appear the The light-emitting of the of this, the The of refresh operations the and to refresh the light-emitting Refresh and Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of VGA screen with of XGA Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that to with of WXGA with of WUXGA Related SSID to another wireless LAN. with the SSID. SSID the This that the of from the IP with of SVGA with of SXGA
interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON these sections about Related Notices This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to instructions, interference to However, there that interference off and the to to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following FCC Compliance United States H619C/H620C/H621C/H622C of Product: LCD "Indication of the and the with of 2011/65/EU (RoHS) "Wireless Telegraphy Regulations" "FCC "Restriction of "Copyright Notice" the from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. WARNING CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and FCC "Copyright Attribution" the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this responsibility that the Located Airport MS: CA America, Inc.
this high such as related to to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety or related to please this or functional/ such as should this only Restriction of "Notices" Related Notices Indication of the and the with of 2011/65/EU (RoHS) 3-chome, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Telephone: Furthermore, the to XP", and this the operating to as to XP, Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating and References "Notices" Related Address: building, BA SEIKO EUROPE B.V. Telephone: The Netherlands The following acts the Wireless Telegraphy Act. and (including the the Wireless LAN the of Wireless Telegraphy Regulations "Notices" Related OS OS OS "Notices" Related
the United States of America and other countries and or already areas. this the operating to as OS OS OS OS "OS "OS and "OS Furthermore, the collective "OS X" to to them OS OS OS OS Notices and of Inc. of Corporation the U.S. and/or other countries. PDF SDK Copyright Software www.foxitsoftware.com, rights the of the "Notices" Related Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright Notice "Notices" Related EPSON and ELPLP or of the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Microsoft, and the or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other OS, and OS X, of Apple Inc. rights of this reproduced, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. Neither from the of the with to the of the information contained or or information HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or WPA and WPA2 of of HDMI Licensing LLC. service of Apple Inc. of Inc. incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. purchaser of this or third or Neither Corporation its to the MHL, the MHL and High-Definition the or of MHL and LLC the United States and/or other countries.
from the of options or products other than those as Products or Corporation or Products Corporation. Notices The of this or without further this and the "Notices" Related SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights This information to without Copyright Attribution 412710000EN Related "Notices"