Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the The and the graphical to to the indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Attention Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the and the
You temporarily the and This when and the and Turn the and off or when input from cool easy to easy height with On). and Projection, and The with of built-in to such as the off and while the by. to wasting electricity "ECO the Functions Connecting with USB and (USB Function the power-saving the On ECO to from the that the power-saving displayed the of the when the switched to ECO ECO brightness. connecting USB from with USB without You the to operations such as of the You the as or as the of the the of the Function USB and or (PC You USB or to the and of such as or Functions Projecting the Remote to the "Projecting USB (PC
the and from each without to You to from the to and Network Projection, Network Projection with computers. You You and the optional and with the from the of PC Projection, to the from other PC Projection Operation You the from four from iProjection connected allowing to smartphones or with connected to the or from the the smoothly. to and the software supplied, of the who the Protection)" Protect to and "Optional Accessories" Enhanced Security Functions to operation the You this to people without "Restricting and The with the following of anti-theft security with anti-theft Security "Anti-Theft Security of Network Projection and PC Projection that found the You the following operations Network EPSON Software CD-ROM.
Interactive Interactive Function) only) You the following operations optional and applications. Wirelessly the optional Wireless LAN the Optional Wireless LAN Unit" Connecting to with Wireless easily USB to wireless LAN and the optional the only). Select the that connected to the the interactive features the network using the PC Projection the Interactive only)" Network or the optional Wireless the from the from the from the as whiteboard You the following operations with the interactive from from the If iProjection incurred when with the or the responsibility of or wirelessly or from from the You the
Press the foot to and the front the foot. Foot C Function The currently this the and Functions such as the foot to the the of the foot to cool the internally. "Cleaning the the Projection Corrects the "Correcting Manually" "Correcting the the the only) when the the cover from the Function the Interactive only)" from the interactive Interactive only) tion
Rear to cool the internally. Function and Functions and of which of the If the or the or mouth. Warning the to the "Turning On the from Function the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V near the and that become or heat While or the the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C C from connected to the or the from "Connecting Microphone" from the microphone. Mic the three seconds to only). when the to the from or cover RGB input from the Computer1 to You output input from other or from connected to the Computer1
USB or and "Projecting USB using PC (PC USB-A Function from the currently to Function and Functions the optional Wireless USB the Optional Wireless USB the Optional Wireless LAN Unit" the optional Wireless LAN the optional the and Interactive operations when connected. the interactive function, the optional (ELPKC28). "Connecting only)" from connected to the Computer2 SYNC IN/OUT only) This screw the wireless LAN cover. Wireless LAN fixing screw and computers. This from HDMI "Connecting Sources" with HDCP HDMI from and from other Computer2 Computer1 from the Remote the to USB "Projecting with USB and the the USB-B the to using USB the Remote to the (Wireless to the Wireless function. operating the the Interactive to the with the USB from the Projected Interactive only). LAN to to LAN
attaching to the optional mount "Optional Accessories" fixing Function fixing Wall mount plate and Functions through and the such as to and the to the Rear such as the foot to the the of the foot Security C the optional mount when the the from Function mount fixing (three "Optional Accessories"
Function correction. buttons and Functions and the which shows to with they the displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the the If when the displayed, the to the previous the of the Press the to reduce the of the and the to increase the of the Corrects the when the displayed. the function. Indicates the and "Reading the Indicators" or flashing. Function displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the and the the the displayed, and the selection and If while RGB from the the the the or the Computer1 or Computer2 to the and "Automatically and the Switches to the from the input where (Source Search)" input. [Source Search] C the or off. "Turning On the
Turns the or off. "Turning On the Function and Functions Each the the input from the Computer1 and the Computer2 [Computer] Each the pressed, the through the and HDMI C this to Network from the Protection" the the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the Projected [Aspect] this and the to Protection" and numbers. and If while RGB from Computer1 or Computer2 and the the
such as when using the Remote to the the function (Wireless the following Function the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and Function and Functions PC these buttons displays the previous/next with USB using USB to PC these buttons the previous/next the and "Projecting USB (PC the of the that pushed. function, the the Remote to the (Wireless the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V You the as follows pressing the about seconds. Rear Rear/Upside or reduces the without the of the displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the Acts as when the the Remote to the (Wireless function. Allows to commercially to the Strap and the which shows to with they the the or items, and assign to this selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to the the assigned item Select item from the one-touch EB-535W/EB-525W/EB-530/EB-520: The following items assigned Function the on-screen the Decreases the Increases the
If the becomes or inoperable the reached the of their service life. this them with AA or batteries. You other the AA or the Remote Function the function. and Functions the following the Instructions If when the displayed, the to the Acts as right when using the Wireless the Remote to the (Wireless function. operating the or the Interactive only)" the interactive While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Each the pressed, the "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Switches to the from the [LAN] Not this [MHL the with battery. the first. "Automatically and the Switches to the from the input where (Source Search)" input. from the connected to the USB-A Each the pressed, through the following USB [USB] [Source Search] Remote light-
Remote and Functions the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, injury, or to the You interactive with the There of interactive with sections the Interactive only) "Optional Accessories" Press the clicks the cover.
Allows to Function optional or and Functions To the the or the the to the the Battery the Interactive this when the battery. Battery cover The interactive off of inactivity. the the battery light the interactive lights or flashes. light or when the exhausted. the following of battery. Other chargeable used. light lights or flashes, the battery. of the of the Group. (HR-3UTG/HR-3UTGA/HR-3UTGB/BK-3MCC) AA AA the Battery the Interactive approximately the interactive the to the and to Turn the interactive turned the Interactive only)" Function the following the batteries. Instructions the the light flashes the the light light when the exhausted. the Battery the Interactive Press the the of the to the release the release the the Battery light "Optional Accessories" approximately the interactive Turn the interactive turned C
Press the cover clicks the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. and Functions the of the Interactive the with battery. the first. the of the interactive when worn. Turn the of the to "Optional Accessories" Turn the to the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the
the This chapter to the and
of when the from or If correctly, causing crack causing to from its mount. This serious to or the mount, to the the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. the location to or If the mount plate fixing or the things such as or the the The catch fire to the high internal of the mount fixing to the screws from or screws from and or and the mount and the and Warning the to the of the location. The the following four the Turn the back completing installation. Turn the off when the or the (Rear from tion) from front of the the its This malfunctions to and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling from front of or and the from
If the the the smooth, board type without If the there the the the or the the the "Optional Accessories" The Projection You from to Rear from the Projection Distortions the the of the and the the following the to the "Correcting Distortion" the following the the "Correcting Distortion" You the Projection as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling the as follows. from front of the when the interactive features. the Projection to or the that the of vertically and the the Interactive only) If the to the the that to the the
the interactive the as Interactive operations become the interactive features, that the (ELPKC28) to the and of to this the optional Remote "Connecting only)" without Wired from the the Interactive Function Advanced of there light or sunlight the Interactive Function receiver, the the or the of the the sunlight through This If there to the Interactive Function receiver, with and to the the that the Interactive Function too the interactive features, or microphone the The Interactive malfunction. that such as or or the cover of the Interactive the You to the to lights. If the surrounding too bright, the function normally. Clean the dirty. interactive features correctly. the interactive to malfunction. interactive features. Function receiver. The interactive features operates the following when the Attention
The location, and the connected. Connecting the to the Computer1 or Computer2 You from the the to the or the USB to the USB-B from the from the with the To from the of the following using the or USB using the or optional Connecting the HDMI to the HDMI from the from the with the using HDMI C
You the input from the A/V Connecting If when HDMI connected, to the input connecting the the input connected to from HDMI from the A/V HDMI You USB to the to to from the This function USB "Projecting with USB
To from DVD players or VHS and to the of the following Connecting Sources Connecting the the to the the the to the You from the connecting the the to the the the to the Computer1 or Computer2 You from the the the to the or or HDMI C using the optional "Optional Accessories" the HDMI the to the HDMI from the from the with the
Turn off the to connecting. If the input when to the malfunction. If the or of the try to force The or malfunction. Connecting If when HDMI connected, to the input the the input connected to from HDMI from the A/V HDMI If the to to the with the or optional to to the You the input from the A/V
You such as USB memory, the optional and USB and Connecting USB Devices Connecting the USB with the USB the USB to the USB-A the If the connected while from another input the [USB] the or the [Source Search] the to switch to from the While from USB to it to the the USB connected, the USB memory or using PC "Automatically and the (Source Search)" You the input from the A/V USB (PC
If USB correctly. such as and USB should connected to the directly. connecting and using the AC with the or to the USB with or specified with the USB than three length. If the PC function correctly. Connecting finishing USB from the such as or off the and then from the USB Devices
You microphone from the microphone. Connecting Microphone Connecting Plug-in-power supported. Mic the microphone to hear, or too crackling sound. Mic the following to output from microphone when the off. to Communication On A/V to On ECO A/V A/V
You and or Connecting Connecting the to the the with the the to the to to
to On the following operations when the off when A/V to input from the USB-A, USB-B, or LAN to ECO On Connecting RGB from the Computer1 to You input from other or the interactive only). the Interactive such as or to the A/V A/V the the from the built-in and switches to
LAN or other to the LAN with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN Connecting LAN Connecting connecting to the and the of the To malfunctions, or higher shielded LAN
the optional LAN the Optional Wireless LAN Unit Connecting to the wireless LAN, from the LAN the wireless LAN cover as theft If normally the Wireless LAN installed, the LAN to the USB-A the wireless LAN cover, and with the screw. cross-head screwdriver to the screw that the wireless LAN cover. the the Wireless LAN and cover reasons. the Wireless LAN to the USB-A
the Wireless USB to the the from the with the Wireless USB to the LAN first, and then the the optional USB Wireless USB to the USB-A the Optional Wireless USB Connecting that the SSID and IP information displayed the LAN and then the Wireless LAN Turn the and then the [LAN] the The LAN displayed. the Wireless USB to the USB-A the Wireless USB the "Network information displayed, the Wireless USB the LAN the
the interactive features the as of the to the optional (ELPKC28) to the SYNC each Interactive operations the Connecting only) Connecting The SYNC IN and OUT of the to IN the other to OUT the of to Wired from the Interactive Function Advanced of
three or to the first to the Connecting the the as another that Wired to from the Interactive Function Advanced Wired If the optional Remote the of from the Interactive Function Advanced of
This chapter to and
Press the the or the to the warm-up the that sounds and the flashes flashing and the or to with the the Turning On the the from the when using DVD or other and necessary). of the following the projected. Turn the connected or the to with the cord. "Connecting the cover. "Automatically and the Projected Press the [Source Search] the or the to the input (Source Search)" On the the the to the "Switching to the the to the however The turned
Turning the the light from the with the cover or and If the light from the the which the light becomes which the cover to burn, or fire. Also, the to the reflected light which the to malfunction. To the mercury with high internal as the light If the subjected to shocks, or of the or If should when the to cleaning the or the yourself, If the the immediately, and the and of which injury. to the instructions as of when the cover when there children or the or to the Doing of or the or mouth. to the while to allow such of to the or mouth.) A/V function, or off the below. Projecting Warning Press the the or the Turn off this when to the of the and The operating the Brightness The shutdown displayed. Press the (To other the sounds the and the off. this cool-down or immediately. the Direct On to On from the the when the connected. the that the such as restored. Direct On On to Computer1 the when input the Computer1 input the automatically. when to Communication On the ECO On
Automatically and the (Source Search) Press the [Source Search] to from the currently the the the cover. or connected, the [Source Search] the projected. connected, playback this operation.
Switching to the the Remote You that from the Source Search input the the turned Projecting You directly to the the following the Remote The following while input. the pressed, through the input from the following Computer1 Computer2 the pressed, through the input from the following HDMI Each the pressed, through the following C from the connected to the USB-A USB Switches to the from the connected
You the or USB to the to to from the with USB of than and higher than or Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or MB or Amount of ory USB USB Interactive using to Function Wireless or to USB You the with the USB OS OS OS OS OS OS Service OS PC Edition Edition Professional XP OS of than and higher than or Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU MB or MB or Amount of Professional
projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. projected. The first the and the using the USB the to The and OS X. Connecting the First the USB there to If automatically, EPSON PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE USB USB EPSON If nothing projected, the USB when finished. You to the the If USB the correctly. from the input You option while USB the USB directly to the to USB authority, and to the and then to to the software. this or the the following the USB to the USB-B using the or USB or XP, to displayed. Select the USB to the USB-B the or USB The of USB the USB Double-click the OS Double-click EPSON PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. XP Follow the on-screen instructions to the displayed, the displayed, EMP_UDSE.EXE
Click and then XP the authority and the installation. the the USB the and the displayed, Select USB and then Click and then Double-click or projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. finished, Disconnect from the or from the USB the You then the USB projected. Charms, and then Search Right-click USB Select USB and then Uninstall Click Uninstall If the USB displayed If from the USB the USB when If there USB the the EPSON PJ_UD USB If nothing reason, the USB USB the the the USB Select USB and then Uninstall Double-click Applications USB Follow the instructions to Select Uninstall from the OS Click and then Uninstalling USB USB Change/Remove and Double-click or Click
of the following to corrects Correcting You using of the following Correcting Distortion Projected Manually corrects the Correcting manually Manually the and Correcting manually the reduced. Manually the four corners independently. Correcting manually Corner)
You manually Correcting Manually Correction right and and Correction EB-535W/EB-525W/EB-530/EB-520: right and and You to the the following Press the or to Manually the and Press the or the to the You from the Press the following buttons to Press the or to This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Corner
buttons the or the and and button. the and then the Select the to the Press the while projecting. the Projected the the Select from and Correct the of the the buttons the or the and buttons the the further the If the further." while indicated the the shown the displayed. Select Corner and then the
If the about seconds while the selection from displayed, the following displayed. Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner the to the right or to correction. only) selection screen shown displayed the the or the to correction using the or the to and Corner to the and as to corners. Press the to the correction You the to On
Correcting Automatically only) Projected You from the the when or corrects This function You to the the following the about seconds displays and then corrects the Press the foot to the front foot. the when to from Projection the If to V- to Correction and The the of the becomes to the that to Press the and buttons the to the of the If the slightly, and the and the to the the
Press the buttons the to the Decreases the Increases the Projected the foot. off, that and then increase of hearing. the when the too high. increase the the from the You the the Correcting the the foot. You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when projecting. The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Quality (Selecting bright This the brightest Application You the of the following the
the to the brightness of the and Iris using bright TV with Application the the the Press the Theatre such as this tint, when Blackboard that to the Iris Select from Each the the displayed the and the Remote You from the The each Select Normal or High
the Aspect only) Projecting from or from the HDMI to and the Iris when the to Iris to Normal or High Light (this when Light or Theatre Press the to the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect Normal the or and Native input aspect the Aspect Ratio of the You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input aspect the currently projected. the [Aspect] the the aspect the and the aspect ratio Normal or Native C Remote You the aspect ratio from the Aspect
If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the The following shows each aspect from Each the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the and the Aspect (EB-530/EB-520 only) Projecting from WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect Normal and the aspect to (the right and of the off). input aspect Projecting from the HDMI Native the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the and input aspect
If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the C Each the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the Normal and WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) The following shows each aspect Aspect from Normal
the Interactive only) Follow the instructions these sections to the interactive features.
software to the built-in whiteboard "whiteboard." You to or whiteboard interactive to write the The interactive interactive whiteboard, with or without Three interactive and easy to each Interactive from or other interactive to to This information or include effective or
the first interactive interactive as would This allows to select, and through from Interactive You the the interactive to the from connected or To write or the interactive features, such as annotations, and then them. the Interactive You the Interactive software to built the software instructions. Projected from or other and to the interactive You both the Turn the
You the whiteboard and the the You the from the the displayed the Interactive the and right and and You write the You the or or displayed. and the the You the from the the the You the interactive to write or the as would chalkboard or board. You both the the as Whiteboard (Whiteboard "Interacting with the the Interactive the and right and and You the or or displayed. the and the the first Turn the To write or the the the right or "Interacting with the the Interactive interactive to the The displayed. or the
interactive features, such as treating the as and creating to the Interactive You the Interactive software to Operation instructions. Interactive OS OS OS OS OS OS from the Interactive You select, and interact with from the the interactive as would with LTS LTS of the following operating to the interactive XP Service and Service PC Edition Edition Professional Interactive You with the using interactive To interactive to the with the USB OS X, to the Interactive to interactive Interactive Service Service Professional
displays with and interactive One the to the to and Sound Table PC to the and the interactive If third interactive features with Interactive Function the the secondary the following You write or that features. Interactive or or OS X), or To interactive to Network or or Select the USB and the If using OS X, the Interactive the first the interactive features. Interactive (OS only)" Interactive OS X" You USB when interactive the to using USB the Interactive Turn the or Interactive Function Select of the following: Press the the and the
interactive to the displayed the The To interactive and USB the USB Interactive Function Interactive Next displayed the from which the displayed the right the first displayed, the to On the If the The Interactive Function Select the from the and then the USB Users/Mouse One the to or User/Mouse and then the Select the Press the and then the to the the first
the to To interactive the Interactive the software. Interactive (OS only) You to interactive the following: Pressing the the Interactive (Recommended: or PC G4 or CPU OS OS OS OS OS the the Interactive Function to PC Interactive You the the interactive the Interactive than (XGA) or and higher than (WUXGA) MB or Amount of Memory MB or using the the the You the from the the displayed. and and the the Interactive Network" "Interacting with the and You the or You Interactive the option, which Interactive the Easy Interactive Operation the CD-ROM Interactive to interactive Interactive OS the PC input or Microsoft Office applications. You the following interactive interactive the interference software. that from the right and or Turn
the EPSON Software Interactive Function CD the You the EPSON Interactive Double-click the the EPSON Follow the on-screen instructions to Select Custom
interactive with or locations where the the and of sunlight, or the The interactive with and the the of the You or both the of each the Interactive performance, the to the board, as The off of inactivity. To back the or the the shown below. cover the the of the the Battery light You the following the finished the the as from the To the the or the the Interactive only)" optional or Battery cover C
If to the off the Interactive Function the Interactive Function or the and whiteboard the Interactive following the Interactive Function the To of the as right-click, the the to Users/Mouse or One Right Click to On User/Mouse To the the with To such as the To the the without the as interactive the and as necessary. with the touching the positioning of the with the location of You only to the first or You to the from the screen while the the positioning of the following: the Performing correction the The To the the without touching To and and with the To left-click, the board with the To with the You to the first and the or Automatically
If the location and match manually. Manually the [A/V the top of the three seconds, and the Interactive Press the the and the If displayed. Select the Interactive Function and the The location and should match If to You from the operations as instructed the displayed. Interactive Function [A/V the You from the [A/V the Projection
the Interactive flashing appears the of the necessary, the Select and the Select and the The and another below the first Touch the of the with the of the The following appears.
the the If the the To the process, and the to back to the and the interactive receiver. seconds. the the of the the Interactive of the the The normally or the If that interactive the the incorrect when from the manually. when from LAN Touch the of the then to the of the the appears the top of Press the the and the Switch to interactive necessary. Interactive
the Interactive Select and then the Interactive Function Select the and the and then the button. the PC Interactive section, Advanced and the
the Interactive the the top of the the of the with the The the top the the right of the the of the with the The the right corner.
To switch and whiteboard the following the Follow these instructions to interact with the or the Interacting with the To switch interactive and To from or whiteboard to of the following interactive You easily switch the interactive using the Switching the Interactive You the interactive the following: Switching to PC or PC Interactive the Interactive Function Pressing the the the You switch to interactive when the the to Wireless You switch to interactive when the USB to interactive retained. The when switch to interactive from whiteboard To from interactive to or whiteboard
the and Whiteboard The or the whiteboard and write the The easily switch to or whiteboard Interacting with the Writes or free-form with highlighter to and Selects white or background or of four "Selecting Whiteboard Templates" (whiteboard only). Writes or free-form with "Selecting and Color" Select the the following the shown the and the whiteboard the right: to highlighter and to Click the right of the to thick and the of the to to Click the right of the to thick and the of the to "Selecting and Color" the to Click the right of the to thick and the of the to Switches to Click the right of the to areas, and the of the to areas. Switches to whiteboard Switches to Clears the operation.
which with Interacting with the The of the the The while or shows the while The displayed. tools. of the the and to the or Highlighter the the of the displayed the of the You the and both the and the Highlighter Selecting and the and then the to write or You the of the using the Interactive Function the Advanced the projection or Select the to the or Highlighter the following appears. Select the people the the and each
off the whiteboard the background and or background Selecting Whiteboard Templates Interacting with the and of the the or the and The to To to You and reduce holding the the displayed You the following: the or the the the displayed To the the of the the following appears: whiteboard the the of the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the screen to the and off and sound. the action. To the the Select of the template the Decreases the the Increases the If to the PC Projection, the to the from which to The the from the as would the the
Selecting Network from the Interacting with the If connected to the to from those using the You the from that iProjection. You the selecting from PC Projection, and smartphones or that to You connected the connected using the PC Projection software Projection about the with the the PC shown to the of the currently to the this to the Refreshes the user C the to the the user selection and to the previous The the and then from the PC Select the Select the the to from.
the selected displayed, and the selected disconnected from the updated. Interacting with the Hear sound from the turned off temporarily) While the selection displayed, the from the PC Projection or the the Select to other interactive the following: pressing the the You the selection when to using PC Projection and If the interactive features to the the or the the these You the selected
interactive the the or from the The the You You interactive Interactive allows to the as and as to Interactive (or another Software Interactive Function CD. You the If to when interactive You Interactive from the EPSON software from the the Interactive Network You to four To the clear Interactive the and layered the interactive Operations performance Network Projection or You the from the reflected other Network Projection. connected to Wireless and then to the The of the following software to Network or and interactive the Network the Network Operation or or OS X) tions. Precautions Connecting to the instructions included with the optional Wireless or only) USB Follow these when to Network Projection and interactive features: Search the the specifying the IP that back from the router, to the locations (ICMP) option the You search specifying the when the command. the the back. performance and the Interactive With the
Communication and TCP/UDP the Interactive Network the following to the remotely when the to to the that Network Translation (NAT) With VPN and IP-VPN, locations, and Network Projection the that the MAC and options the router. locations. TCP TCP Network Projection the the the to the to the
If or the input and to handwritten input and to and You the input and when the interactive to or to the If to the input and features the and Operation the and the Press the button, the and the button. Select One and the Select the Interactive Function and the
information about these features, If using or handwritten input and to and and function to handwritten to Word spreadsheet, If Microsoft Office or the or Option the functions of Microsoft Office. To the PC input or PC PC You write the the then from of options to and the the then Touch Select To the Touch right-click or and the the then the the of the and then To Slideshow the from the Microsoft Word or the and then To annotations Microsoft Office the then This Slideshow with XP PC Edition.
Functions This chapter and the Security
Supports AVI You You playback the with with PCM and ADPCM. than GB. (Motion JPEG) Notes USB (PC Projection Functions connecting and USB-compatible The that the AC with the Format the FAT16/32. USB such as USB memory or USB to the the the without using This function PC You to USB that incorporate You while PC the and buttons the security Projecting USB PC with than to the characteristics of JPEG clearly the ratio The following projected. CMYK too high. Specifications that Can Projected PC Notes with animated than with than (Slideshow)" "Projecting the Selected or with than
You memory USB and then the to the However, If the following (Select displayed, the USB with the The to Although the following based the the operations from the PC Projection Functions buttons to the to and and then the "Switching to the the the USB to the the to USB. Starting PC The following as AVI (displays the the of the displayed as JPEG Other or as as shown the following PC and the displayed. "Connecting USB Devices" the top of the and then the To the Select the Select and buttons to the or the BMP PNG JPEG GIF to as thumbnail, displayed as AVI (Motion JPEG)
or While the Projection Functions To PC the USB from the USB the such as or off the and then from the PC If of the and displayed the the the or Next the the of the and the To to the previous the the or the Previous the top of the and the button. the USB while accessed. PC correctly. Projecting the Selected or the the to Top and displayed. To to the which selected, the the selected the The selected displayed. Press the The displayed. "Starting PC PC You the played The rotating function PC or PC
finished, to the and buttons to the Press the to Functions You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. Switching from Option to other than The To when PC seconds. Projecting (Slideshow) and buttons to the the and Slideshow The displayed. "Starting PC PC Press the The displayed. Select Slideshow the of the and then the Slideshow and the the the to the Slideshow, and then the automatically. If Continuous to On the Option the projected, the buttons to to the or or Press the Press the to the and then the To of the following operations. Press the
the the the item and the the following Option displayed, each of the items. and Slideshow from the when reaches the Functions The following shows the each You to the to the or while Slideshow. If Switching the Option to when Slideshow. Press the the or the to to the You to the or You the following functions when with PC the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V the You the to displayed Slideshow. You to seconds. You the effects when You to the Ascending or Sort You whether to the Slideshow. Switch You the and Slideshow operations the Option and Slideshow of the Select Option the of the and then the
the following off. the Projection the displayed Broadcasting the off and buttons to the the OK and then the Functions the and Sound Temporarily (A/V The interactive function correctly only). the If to apply the the and then the You temporarily the and The applied. You switch off the the when to the what or when to operations such as to from the each the or off. Each the [A/V A/V or off. Top of Remote
the to played If the while the or the displayed, the or the that back while the screen It to from the where the while used. displayed closed. If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. Projection Functions Function You the displayed when the [A/V A/V from the A/V with the [A/V A/V If to A/V activates and the turned off A/V to ECO A/V Microphone when A/V turned This allows to the and to the about. activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated The A/V the hours to the Each the the appears or Remote the Each the or off. Remote
Press the to the the Functions Remote to the of the that to the Remote or buttons of the the You the of the from the or of the the This when to to them such as and of the
OS OS OS OS OS OS OS OS XP OS Expands the each pressed. You that holding the Remote Projection Functions It to the Wireless function of the operating the to the with the or USB the following to the function. USB to Wireless from the only). USB "Connecting Computer" and the The ratio appears the The selected to to buttons to the "Switching to the the Remote the to of the following. USB Computer1 Computer2 HDMI the to the (Wireless You the from the This function Wireless The following operating with
buttons or of the the Once the as follows. the Projection Functions If the to the the of the buttons reversed. operating other than the Wireless function when the or function, the The Wireless function the following USB to other than the or Wireless only). (such as the or function click. Press Right click. to buttons: the clicks While holding the button, or the and Release the to the location. to button: to the to the Up/Down
You the that currently projected as Projection Functions You the as when or input. Once the to the factory the batch function, the If the of the from another the other "Performing Batch information and as the Protection from Protection to On displayed and the You Protection)" Protection to If selected when Aspect, or the function currently temporarily the to as the and then the the the the or the the the to match the of the the "Choose this as the displayed, the the Select from
Select the factor from the the to the of the to as the You the operations from the Projection Functions The the the "Completed." displayed. the this as the displayed, the previous the and the "Select this displayed, You There of to the such as and You the that currently as the previous
the to as the and then the the Projection Functions the the to the currently as the displayed, If selected when Aspect, or the function currently Select from the this as the displayed. Select the The the the "The displayed. Once to the factory Select
to the the owner of the Protection to On the following the prohibited. Protection The the following security You who the Protection Security Functions Background A/V or from Network Protection On to the "Network Network prohibited. Network Protection You people the the without "Restricting Operation The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the about seconds. the following to Protection. Protection the to the Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as anti-theft as the At the of purchase, Protection activated, people who know the Protection activated. Protection) The Protection displayed. Remote On Protection On to the and (this to Direct On). the On Protection The following three of Protection to the used. of Protection
Remote If the correctly, the Protection If Protection already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions If the incorrectly, displayed prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the Select the type of Protection to and then the the the the as further theft the displayed, the the While holding the the the buttons. the Press the the displayed While holding the four the buttons. The as the the displayed, and this to If the screen then the The to the fourth the displayed. Select and then the displayed displayed On Select and then the the the Protection temporarily released.
Press the while the "The locked." displayed and then the switches to If this the from the and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the Security Functions the the Select from that appears the and the If the of the the If to the operation and input the the following and the "The locked. as Restricting Select or to of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the buttons the the locked. of the following to the buttons the This or shows when to or when to operation. The operated using the
The with the following of anti-theft security Anti-Theft The buttons locked to the chose. when the displayed. Security Functions through the to the to or through when mounting the theft-prevention or from Security the following the Security The security with the Security Security You release the of the following Press and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. Select from the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the
This function allows to and operations remotely. the characters the operations such as the of that connected to and the from the and About Microsoft or as the browser. OS X. If to Communication On the to and the (when the off). ECO The following of the and functions that You from the following and the of to items that the The reflected the There items that the browser. Items the that the Broadcasting The items each the as the and Interactive Function USB Shape Broadcasting to (JPEG to The manually, or Download the Broadcasting software from the following Broadcasting software or specified connected the of SNMP Community to characters) Items that with of connected to the the functions and the
You the the Network from the Network the ID the You the ID. to characters) and The Remote function allows to operations with browser. the Remote screen the and connected to the Advanced when LAN. If to the displayed. To to that the following to the the the Remote Click the IP of the the input of the and the the from the the displayed. the The displayed. The displayed. the ID and and then the the ID and the displayed. The The ID EPSONWEB
such as when the Remote to the the Wireless function (Wireless the following Function buttons [Down] and using PC these buttons displays the previous/next "Projecting with USB USB to Switches to the from the connected "Switching to the the Remote [LAN] "Automatically and the Switches to the from the input where (Source Search)" input. from the connected to the USB-A "Switching to the the Remote the pressed, through the following USB [USB] [Source Search] Each the pressed, through the Computer1 Computer2 following [Computer] Turns the or off. "Turning On the Function the Decreases the Increases the the pressed, through the input from the following HDMI C the or playback. Notification, to the when or with This the Function to the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V
the to of with locations from the Network and input to the the or that the the turned High-speed cooling Iris to notifying If and of the to Communication On the (when the ECO off). to three and to three once. the following to with or SNMP "Reading the Indicators" the function to On and or warning the the following Reading SNMP On to the to the specified when or This the to of with locations from the Network Others SNMP The IP the where the occurred The of the The below. The where the occurred and of the title: EPSON related
Command Item SOURCE 2F Computer2 SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function SNMP wireless The SNMP this with the SNMP to IP who with the LAN and SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB or the the (CR) to the of each and SOURCE LAN MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V ON/OFF the ON command transmitted to the the and the turned You the from ESC/VP21. ESC/VP21 Commands Command Connector If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item command input, the the and and then the command. The below. SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF
Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Association) as network-compatible as of their to About <At the <At the input RS-232C and The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. You to the following information "Network It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the Command Function URL: Non-compatible commands <At the (PC <At the and Command Source AVMT AVMT INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 Flow length: Parity: Function ground GND TD RD INPT INPT INPT HDMI INPT USB
Edition to the to with the and to You or and with software the following Command Source INPT LAN and This to operations using browser. You characters and information EPSON displayed "Product information EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON INPT USB to Communication On the (when the ECO off). The following while using Broadcasting It to and connected About the and connected to the with wireless LAN, Advanced LAN the following carrying operations. from the The the and therefore built with the displays supported.) The following of to On from the Network Network Others You from Remote using
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. A/V Function the IP of the the field of the and the the the and Switch to the from the selected input To input that shown the or to or The You the necessary. input displayed You the following operations when the buttons. To C buttons that shown the or to or right. The operation displayed. the You the light and the the or You the brightness. Brightness Function reduce that with the to the the Click the to Click the to the without of the or of Click the You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness You the following operations when the buttons. Turns the or off. Function buttons the operations as the and The buttons the You the and following operations when the other buttons. the
the operation as the "Remote the OK Function and Switches to the from the input where "Automatically and the (Source Search)" input. Search the the Tracking, If clicked while RGB from Computer1 or Computer2 and and the The following items the as the the "Remote You the following operations when the that currently connected the (The location the to characters and Location (The to currently connected from other the to the that characters.) Function Item the Used to to, and from, the IT information the that currently connected. Info the that currently connected. the section. Function to characters the (The and To The following when the the operation You this to the that currently connected. the
the when the to the to characters) New Function Item Select the to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP Function Item and If the the New the as displayed. Confirm Click this to the to the the IP to to the currently connected IP the the currently connected Gateway Click this to the to the the currently connected the when the to the (The to characters.) New Select the to to the The following items C Function Item If the the the as New displayed. Confirm Select the to to the operation The following items the Click this to the to the
This chapter to the and its
Although the as the operations from the the the the and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
Normal, and Native Aspect Items or Top items the and the and of Functions and Corner and and to Processing to Theatre, Blackboard Items or Top to Brightness to to Front/Rear, Rear, and Remote and Mic Info, to Mic 5000K to 10000K, to Normal, High Iris to to Red: to to to Sharpness Operation PC Interactive Items Right Click, Advanced Advanced Items Interactive tion Down, and Right and and Normal NR1, and NR2 Reduction On and Tracking Background, A/V Toolbars, NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and
Items or Top Network Rear, and Rear/Ceiling Projection Items or Top of Functions Quick, Advanced On and On and SSID LAN Direct On, High Source Search, On Interactive Function, USB Function, Wireless Interactive USB A/V HDMI A/V DHCP, IP Address, and IP WPA2-PSK, and WPA/WPA2-PSK Security On and SSID On and IP SSID Search Access Security or Normal and ECO On and Light On and On and A/V to ECO DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP On and IP On and Notification Passphrase SMTP Wired LAN Refresh Info, Source, ID Info Communication On and Communication On and ECO Info On and SNMP and Others The of the where the used. Hours
"Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" Items or Top Trap IP and Trap IP of Functions Wired LAN and LAN Priority Gateway On and AMX Discovery On and On and On and Broadcasting You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Function items the and currently each input. and input when when they NTSC You the tint. You the light and the when or You the the input.) You the brightness. Brightness You the sharpness. Sharpness
items the and currently projected. each when high selected and tinted when You the of the The tinted selected. that the From 5000K to 10000K other From to Function of Functions "Automatically and the (Source Search)" You the when the USB USB, or LAN. High light projected. Select to (This item to or Normal High to or to the to the corrections to match the of the The each Iris" Theatre Iris (This item selected to Red, You the and individually. You the to their the following to items to their On to to and to when RGB the when the input input.) to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to or to Normal or the when RGB connected input.) Function
automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to You the input from the or the the to the connected If to Function You when appear when RGB the input.) Function of Functions when the HDMI. If to this You the to or You (This only when the ratio (the of the the input.) the Aspect Ratio of the Projected You the aspect ratio Aspect You the and right when of the that the whole projected. (This item when the HDMI.) You when or when RGB interference appear the input.) (This item selected Interactive Function selected, to and the selected, to and This the tracking when using the interactive only). the projected. projected. to PC Interactive This graphics, and to (IP with amount of (This item when Processing to that this to when which Smoothes rough using There Select It recommended such as Reduction You the to their and Processing the following to items to their the HDMI connected to DVD If about floating the to the DVD player's Expanded or washed the to You the input from the Computer1 or the If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected the connected Computer2 HDMI
You the of the Function of Functions the from the microphone. the Mic turned to from the the microphone input the from the input lowered, the from the connected connected becomes the microphone becomes Mic You the each Function to operations from the If to operations from the the the You the reception of the from the least seconds to the to its and to You and V- On to or only). You and selected: Function assigned to the the the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch You of the following items to You the item the to Info Mic only), the Select and the four corners of the Corner selected: Corner" only)" the You this to operation of the "Restricting
You the to their the following to items to their and Function or displays the to such as You from to or with aspect ratio of EB-525W, Function of Functions the Interactive only)" Allows to and the interactive features. Interactive Function Items the following only)" Function Interactive only) Function with aspect ratio of using to displayed, and correction without connecting While the To the the to the the or the and then If
You the as follows the [A/V the Select from of the following Rear and Rear/Ceiling the Methods" Rear Rear/Ceiling about seconds. Projection Function Item when the Source, or Aspect Ratio only): whether or the the to the when only): the the when the interactive to the following items features. The The displayed when the interactive when input, and Background You the only): whether or to A/V You the when the [A/V to Black You related to the Screen to On to the the interactive features. The when to when to Black or features. The such as High Warning. when when to or displayed. Function of Functions the that the High to On when the Source Search to to from On when to Communication On If this to Computer1 the the as the the used. such as Computer1 when the Direct On to On to the when from the of or higher. The restored. background Background, A/V and You the that as
Interactive Function Allows to the interactive features to interactive USB Interactive Function Allows to Wireless function and USB You interactive and USB The the interactive features to the interactive features to Wireless to the USB and Wireless with USB function interactive Function only) USB A/V when to To the following when the microphone from the and to to On Communication On A/V Function of Functions Although the this abnormality. A/V and from the to their the following to You the items to their Allows to the and from the Projected Interactive the Remote to the and USB-A to or (L/R) from the selected of HDMI the input when from the HDMI to the input when from the Computer1, Computer2, (L/R) or from the selected the input Background and when and Protection)" Protection to On High and Source Search A/V
of using the the interactive operations to operations another The the the If interactive Advanced Function Interactive Function Items only) of Functions interference. to the the interactive of the to to Wired when the "Connecting only)" (This only when from PC Interactive to function with the the or from the You the interactive PC the function the interactive to the the the Function tion to to and of to Wired synchronization the to when Wired to only the as that clearing of the Confirm Clear to On the to On the follows the as the and around. people who to it to to the
Protection" when to from the of Functions PC Interactive this to On of the acts as right when to Users/Mouse or One User/Mouse click. One The input and features Users/Mouse One User/Mouse to and the operation and the of users the operations the interactive interactive Function Right Click to Wireless LAN On when the to If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. The the wireless LAN. Wireless LAN On Function Allows to operations the of to to On this to the as the the the that manually the manually. Click the interactive The Advanced the following information. Wireless LAN Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Info. LAN Network Protection to On Protection and the Network Protection to and then the Network
the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP Function of Functions Info. Wired LAN the and the Network the and the Network the Network LAN Security Wired LAN Others The following Network and Complete items. Network this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of alphanumerics the and the to the to the and then the to the character. holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to input. and buttons the or the Soft Operations information the LAN used. or the the of connected to the and the This to such as Security function You easily text Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the Notes the Network Complete to the and of or or to the
CAPS Each the selected and the pressed, SYM1/2 Each the selected and the pressed, and the the section the switches and The following text of Functions ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ the to the when editing, to characters (The following used: connected to Function the SSID and the using the software to the Network to when and the function that allows to and using You to the the characters used). The connected Network. You to characters to when the software. used).
Wireless LAN to On to the when to the to from Network Projection from other computers. Normally this should to On Function of Functions PC Projection On to the becomes easy the to when connecting the SSID with Network Projection. to the created If created the and Used and wireless LAN. Function Advanced when and the through the to the following Network Projection Advanced If the established Select the the wireless LAN from (This to This to or PC Projection
DHCP to On to DHCP If this You from to each field of the the following IP used. You input the the You from to each of the Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each field of the the following Gateway IP You input the IP assigned to the to (where (This item to the following used. to On You from to Advanced IP Function to when to the (This to to On to the search. This to On Function of Functions SSID SSID SSID the wireless LAN or to ANY, ANY (selects You to characters from the If the SSID (This item when SSID to which the the SSID. from without specifying SSID) established. SSID to (where from to used. Advanced to search surrounding and the SSID to connected from those the they displayed the You separately. Search Access To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP
Security Detected The to Search Access of Functions Security WPA2-PSK (This selected when to or the You least and to with Network Projection, to the the the characters. WPA/WPA2-PSK Passphrase of the about to access. Security, follow the instructions from the Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function Indicates already Function Searches the Refresh than characters, You to characters the to the Security displayed. Select type of security to If where security the If where security the Indicates the where security the security the Wireless LAN displayed. to the
Wired LAN the optional LAN and Advanced recommended that security. of Functions of security authentication or authenticating and without using This WPA includes authentication WPA authentication the without WPA that the security wireless The TKIP and AES On DHCP to to the DHCP. If this On to You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where IP You input the IP assigned to the from to You related to the following IP Function follow the instructions from You input the the You input from to each of the the following used. Gateway You input the IP the the You input from to each field of the the following to (where from to used.
You input the the SMTP The You input to Function To the IP from displayed Network Info the Network and the LAN this to Function of Functions IP You to characters the The following characters used: You the or to about notifying that or warning occurred. You You to three You input the of the to the to the specified The the the selected or the items from the displayed items. this or warning the the Function to to On to to the when or warning with You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP Function
this to On when or the the "About this to Function of Functions Others this to On the following functions Broadcasting On this to when connecting to the using information the service. You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to or Broad casting To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the SNMP. The network SNMP Function You from to used. to (where each field of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to the connected to this to On to allow the to AMX Discovery this to connected to from AMX or AMX Discovery. You the to Wired LAN or Wireless LAN Priority Gateway AMX covery Trap IP 1/Trap IP
ECO the to displayed to each ECO of the of Functions ECO the too bright, such as when or You the brightness to of Select ECO selected, and reduced. Function To of the Network Function to On the to the (This item when to projected. This to reduce the amount of electricity lowering the brightness The each to the projected. Normal and Iris to Light tion
the following to You the ECO to their items to their Function input and operations specified of the the off. input, the to specified of Also, input to On this automatically when operating Function of Functions the of the and the of the Items that displayed the currently projected. the used, input supported. Info Only) A/V Also, A/V and specified of passed, the the off. A/V the On to this off the to operating A/V On to the the off within of to "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" If On the following and the from the from the when A/V and to (only when operations the A/V to On to On On to when the brightness from to or to displayed the of the to the power-saving ECO and the Advanced to when wireless LAN. Network Wireless LAN
the operating reaches the the characters displayed yellow. Info Function of Functions the the to the the the Source the the connected currently the You items the to their The following items to their Network items and Function ID the the following the information the through the the the IDs, when the and the "About ID" ID. the information about that This information service required. the This information Info the information. service required. the Refresh Rate the refresh Clears the hours when the The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and the firmware
The batch function USB that incorporate security USB that The batch function USB or FAT USB incorporate security USB Performing Batch Once the function). The batch function with the to batch (batch the from the and that of the turned off. to USB Memory This the USB and the USB the and with USB Network using USB memory. The following reflected the batch function. of the following the USB to the If the USB If batch from another to The the batch If connected to the through USB USB If the USB The batch function overwrite batch You only haracters the the USB the or the other than the batch the PJCONFDATA. If to another the to the text the correctly. correctly. correctly. the USB to the USB-A the the using the batch function, the the other information and the such as reflected the batch function. If batch Network and Others batch the Hours and from the Info as the change. Performing batch the responsibility. If batch to and the incurred. This section to batch USB USB Memory
While holding the the or the the to the The and the and the and the Performing Batch the off, the USB of the release the Disconnect the from the and that of the turned off. the USB containing the batch to the USB-A Reflecting to Other of the flashing, the batch the USB memory to of batch the reflected to the with the If there with there four or of batch the the batch the USB If the USB the the reflected other than the batch the USB the reflected reflected correctly. correctly. correctly. writing normally, the off, and the the from the while the written. If the disconnected, the the USB from the while the If the USB disconnected, the correctly. correctly.
While holding the the or the the to the The and the and the and the Performing Batch the off, the USB of the release the The seconds. Connecting the and with USB The following operating the batch function. OS and and of the flashing, the the from the and that of the turned off. the USB to the USB-B with USB to Computer writing normally, the off, and the the USB from the while the written. If the USB disconnected, If the disconnected, the the from the while the the correctly. correctly.
While holding the the or the the to the The and the and the and the turn Performing Batch Reflecting to Other of the release the the from the and that of the turned off. While holding the the or the the to the the USB to the USB-B with USB The as the the and the batch to the The and the turn and the and the of the release the button. If to the of the batch text PJCONFDATA. If the PJCONFDATA section of the the to the correctly. You characters the USB the and then the USB The off and the EPSON_PJ" OS X,
The as the Copy the batch that to to the toplevel of the Performing Batch or other than the batch to the USB and then the USB The batch or the USB or USB USB or USB connected correctly. the and then the cord, and then flashing the and the of the flashing, the written. using OS X, EPSON_PJ" the and or the Writing the and the from firmware. Stop using the occurred the the flashing quickly, and the the and the and the flashing quickly? writing normally, the off, and the the from the while the If the disconnected, the correctly.
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the Confirm the selection. If with the the displayed to the You the the and displayed as shown the below. Press the to the the the The displayed. Press the Select the following the function to the the the
If with the first the and "Reading the Indicators". the following the clearly what the might The with the following four that the operating of the the Reading the to the the this Explanation Indicates the Indicates the Indicates the Indicates the C supply Communication On If the disconnected and then reconnected this the The and (when to flashes Network
Explanation supply This the immediately turning the Warm-up seconds the this turn off the the Warm-up Flashing This the immediately turning off the this buttons Cool If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they The Normal Stop the the from the and or the the when the the this or Flashing Flash- The off and about about that the and clear, and that the the switches to the following High Overheating Stop using the the from the and or the the "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or Flashing Flash- Flash- from the and or the the If the the the the
or If the the the from the and or the the If the cracked the and the cord. High On using of or to the and cracked. the following the "Cleaning the Clean the Flash- If the cracked or the the the replaced.) High On of or to Stop using the the from the and or the the Iris that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warn- Flashing Flashing Flash- Flash- "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or Flashing State State Flash-
or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as the following the operating properly, though the showing the the with State Flashing State Flash- If the shown this using the the from the and or the the
sound heard or the sound Other If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard from the microphone There the when USB The to the and the Projection the completely appear or displayed the played back from appear and the to the projected screen from the to the The occurred the Interactive Function." Computer's correctly The interactive with the Interactive Function only) Projection The "Not supported" The displayed of or Interference or appear The (only when USB The the interactive (only when USB The or to the appear The whole appears purplish or white, or appear right The truncated or or the aspect ratio of the displayed, or the height and of the The when
to The connected correctly or supplied. the correctly. "Turning On the the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to the the button? Appear the to the the when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Press the [A/V to A/V A/V active? of the the correct? displayed using USB or the when using USB or displayed that the USB connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the USB connected correctly? when USB Applications the DirectX function correctly. when USB or using the DirectX function displayed?
Not Displayed the Portion the from the to only. or the The to copyright protected that played back the with the the of the trying to copyright protected? the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Projection Automatically to On If operations specified of while A/V to On If the A/V To the from switching off automatically, each to If of these to On the off the following ECO A/V input. or A/V to On If the power-saving and operations specified of the disappear. the to the the power-saving the to the the connected when from the correct? The "Not supported" Displayed the with the to the and refresh "Supported Displays" from the the and the refresh to the when
The Displayed If the only to the LCD or accessory the that the to Turn the and off and then If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the externally. when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory "Turning On the back the the [Source Search] the or the "Automatically and the (Source Search)" the selected? that the securely connected. "Turning On the the connected correctly? Turn the the the of the connected or turned when from or the to the with built-in LCD If the power-saving and operations specified of the operation the to the the power-saving Computer's of the recommended and Projection within the recommended the the the to the "Correcting the the correctly? of or Distorted the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too
You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the the Aspect Ratio of the Projected of the input the Aspect Ratio correctly? If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the Interference or Distortion Appear If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? Click EPSON USB USB and then clear the layered layered selected? when USB If the correctly Press the the or the the to from the Tracking the and Tracking correctly? when the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's
The Cursor when Projecting USB Click EPSON USB USB and then the the of the smooth. becomes this selected and the of the smooth. selected? the to the the connected projected? when The Truncated or or the Aspect Not If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the when the Press the the or the the to the when RGB input from the Computer1 or Computer2 You the from the the correctly? Press the the to of the the the Projection to of the following: Rear Rear/Ceiling the correct? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's Methods"
Colors Not Right the from connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 the following to the the connected the input match the from the the from connected to the or that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the Brightness from the Brightness the correctly? the and from the the and correctly? when from the from the to the from the the correctly? the Brightness and from the Brightness the brightness correctly? the from the the correctly? ECO Appear the nearly ready the become and the the the with to the The become when high or location to high Although this to the the high or location to high
when Projection The connected correctly or supplied. and then the cord. "Turning On the Projector" the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to the the The Not Turn On the the the from the and There the cord, or the defective. the cord. If this or the the the turn and off when the touched? Press the the If to the to the to Remote Check the from the Remote operation restricted? the from the input and then the that the securely attached to both the and Sound Heard or the Sound Other the that sound heard. the to the the
the that sound heard. the the or from the to the EPSON USB USB Click and then from the the from the selected? when USB If when HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Press the [A/V to A/V A/V active? Mic the Mic the Mic the the and HDMI from the A/V the input selected? Sound Heard from the Microphone The type microphones. microphone. using type microphone? the from the Microphone (Mic) input and then the "Connecting Microphone" the microphone connected correctly? the microphone input that sound heard. Mic the microphone input too There the when USB The the the to while the to Increase the the and the the the the to the while the to the
The Not Work the location where light the receiver. Remote sunlight or light from the receiver? the the operation. the light-emitting the the operation? the Remote from the Remote the the Remote selected? The operating the about the too from the the from the the the Remote the the or the correctly? to the and To the function when the Communication On from ECO the to Communication On Not the If the or the the the to abnormality and the to that or functioning correctly. to the
to the the correctly. the function correctly the Check "EPSONWEB" as the ID. This the ID the the The the user ID and correct? when the interactive the first that the Also, the the of the correctly. correctly? with the Interactive only) the sunlight or light from light the or the the interactive to malfunction. the where to sunlight or light from light. the sunlight from or light from light? to PC from the Interactive Function to PC Interactive
from the Projected Screen Connecting to the USB to Interactive Function or USB Interactive Function from the using USB USB Interactive Function USB interactive as would the to Users/Mouse or One Interactive Function Operation User/Mouse from the the correctly? Interactive Function to PC Interactive from the the following correctly? the USB You to the and then reconnecting the USB the USB connected correctly? the to The occurred the Interactive Function." Displayed the USB and might If when the to USB the the occurred the interactive features. Computer's Not Work Correctly the interactive from the the interactive the
The Interactive Not Work Press the the of the to the battery If the light the Battery the Interactive the battery. The or microphone the the interactive malfunction. Switch off the such as light that The with other things such as light that allow light to the or the Interactive Function receiver. The surrounding too bright. the Also, the when front of the There the the interactive and the when the interactive the first that the Also, the the of the correctly. correctly? become the optional Remote (ELPKC28). If Remote using the interactive the as interference operations to of the from the "Connecting only)" the Interactive Function Advanced of Interactive operations when the Click EPSON USB USB and then the and the tracking of the interactive checkbox. used. and only) The the Interactive when Projecting USB
The Automatically or Not to the Next the such as light that from the or the from the Information from the correctly to other things, such as light that the or turn off the such as light that within the recommended and Projection Information from the received correctly the too to the surrounding such as light that The interactive to the
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID the and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the and then the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network Projection. the occurred the 04FF Communication from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, LAN IP off the DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network the Other information. the connected to unauthorized that the wireless LAN security correct. Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The TKIP/AES type match.
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
the with or the to as easily become You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the Cleaning the cleaning, off the and the shock. Cleaning the collecting the the internal of the to leading to malfunction or early of the or Clean the immediately when the displayed. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then firmly wring the cloth using it to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. Attention the the top of the cover, and to off the and the the cord. the cover. cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the Warning that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the the
Cleaning the the the of the and the straight the the cover. the from the front.
Cleaning If displayed, cleaning, to the with the three months. Clean them often than this the It recommended that these least once
The or to This section to the and the to the and of the The to appear the following Normal to About hours to ECO About hours ECO If to the the passed, the that the increases. the displayed, the with as as to the Please or The following displayed. www.epson.com to purchase." It to the when: the repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the displayed. You should ready the of EPSON option The of malfunction caused the of covered and or warranty. The seconds. that the whenever the "Cleaning the The flashing and the flashing The when the from or to the
that or that the the cover when the cover as of and If of or If or the and used, fire, shock, or cracked and to the of the cover, Also, that the cracked. the of or mouth, physician immediately. the there Warning hour the turned off the to the cooled sufficiently the cover. If the burns or other It sufficiently cool off the and the the cord. the fixing screws. with the or cross-head screwdriver. the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver cover straight and the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the
the the the that fits firmly, and once it the screws. the If the cracked, with or further the section of the and the cover.
the If the displayed though the cleaned, the The when the from or to the the the top of the cover, and to off the and the the cord. the cover. the and cover securely. If the the off as If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury Please regulations or recycling. the cover or of with The records the and and when to the the the from the the the hours the replaced. the indicated correctly.
the cover. the the of the and the straight the of properly with of the Polyurethane of the ABS regulations. the
ELPKC19 to purchase these products as and when The following of optional The following optional and Please and as of: of to without Optional and this type when the when the high when the ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount ELPMB45 Wall mount this to from wireless Wireless USB ELPAP09 Wireless LAN ELPAP07 Optional to the from or mount or the the the interactive features. You Interactive with the the to the Interactive to the and as ELPPN04A/ELPPN04B Interactive the Interactive ELPPE02 Interactive ELPPS02 the mounted or from the to the hand. when to establish one-to-one the and with when such as OHP or ELPDC06/ELPDC11/ELPDC12/ELPDC20 Soft carrying ELPKS66 Interface ELPCB02 only. ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC28 Remote to the as as ELPLP87 ELPAF47 to that the interactive features. to USB the USB too USB ELPKC31
Unit: Projection EB-525W) and Projection to Unit: to Screen Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from or Projection (from to to of C
to and Projection using Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from or to (from to of C Projection EB-530/EB-520)
Unit: and Projection to using
when other than those input, that the projected. supported. Supported Supported Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV SDTV SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) from the HDMI WSXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" XGA WXGA VGA SVGA when selected as the from the only. MAC21"
Refresh Rate WXGA+ Supported SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV only.
EB-520 EB-530 EB-525W EB-535W Product Specifications Specifications XGA (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) LCD (W) (H) (D) including the TFT active AC AC AC AC supply (Communication (Communication On): ELPLP87 UHE ELPLP87 UHE ELPLP87 UHE UHE ELPLP87 (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): On): (Communication (Communication (Communication On): to
(Communication (Communication On): (Communication On): (Communication On): On): (Communication (Communication On): to Specifications to +30C to to +35C to to Approx. to +60C
Computer1 Connectors Computer2 Specifications RCA (L-R) DIN Mic RCA HDMI only PCM) HDMI USB A) USB-A RS-232C USB B) USB-B RJ-45 LAN SYNC Supports USB USB to that USB. only.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the If this interference to instructions, interference to there that interference off and the to to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to the the authority to the to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H598C/H599C/H600C/H601C/H602C/H603C/ H604C/H605C LCD of Product: EPSON
This with of the FCC to interference, and this interference received, the following this including interference that operation. FCC Specifications
Appearance from the front of the to the front of the C from the of the to the mount fixing or the mount fixing of
Appearance 5-M4 Units:
This section the that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without The ratio and its height. with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with or revised of HDCP HDCP that the and This (router) to Gateway information to every other from the top of the and to the to because every other High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV wireless LAN which through to connected to IP information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate
Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV Network which the and such as routers and to TCP/IP SNMP operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID This that the of the network from the IP with of SVGA The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference The from If the match this the of The of the of these (the of the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking that the (Y) and (C). with of SXGA This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of XGA with of VGA
The following acts the Telegraphy Act. Wireless Telegraphy Regulations rights of this publication reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information contained Corporation. with to the of the or transmitted or mechanical, from the of the information Notes and (including the the of Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Furthermore, the to and and of XP", and this the operating to as to with the to XP, omitted. from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the OS OS OS OS OS OS OS or or related to please own this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of this the operating to as OS OS OS OS "OS "OS and "OS Furthermore, the "OS X" to to them
EPSON EXCEED YOUR VISION, ELPLP and their Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or WPA and WPA2 of or of Corporation. of the Group. OS, and OS X, of Apple Inc. of Inc. service of Apple Inc. countries. Notice: Notes and of or already other the property of their respective owners and the United States of America and other countries and areas. only. Inc. of HDMI Licensing LLC. Indication of the and the with of 2011/65/EU (RoHS) SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights Address: 3-chome, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Telephone: Address: building, BA SEIKO EUROPE B.V. Telephone: The