Instructions This information that, or physical to incorrect This information that, or death to incorrect Warning The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the The and the graphical to to the indications Indicates information and which useful to topic. Indicates that or malfunction to the Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates the items. Select Brightness from Brightness
or the where to or or high humidity, such as bathroom, or shower and of when the or the the from mount). If correctly, the This or fire or shock. Warning the following the Instructions Warning and the the to If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This or to the the screws from and or and cover the or If of front of the If the to the automatically, front of the and other together. the specified power-supply fire the covered, the internal and fire. the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the from such as through the the fire. fire. or shock. mount. optional mount when the from "Optional Accessories" Warning and
the location that to or shock. Attention when the cord. fire or the there such shock. the following when the cord. cords as to Warning and Warning the high-voltage or that the correctly. or the location that to or the that within the to +50C to +60C Also, following operating or the when the cord. or the with the the the using of or High to High On At of to the operating to At of to the operating to +50C when to ECO or +45C when to ECO or Interlock and to +45C when to Normal Interlock and to +40C when to Normal cord. fire or shock. the following when the cord. the heating or the forcibly. heavy the cord. the cord. the where the power-supply than V, that the from outlet with the that the with other than A. the such as or vertically, the to the from injury.
the and the and the there least as as shown the following with the than the specified This malfunctions or to Warning and of (when attached) there least as as shown the following the Also, that the heat from the the the directly top of another the operating when attaching the the shown the the "Notes or the following. Once the Direction the operating reduced significantly. the the or the incorrectly malfunctions and shortens the operating of
optional Notes the other than the the four mount fixing to the the If the without malfunction. Warning and both and If used, the cool correctly, and malfunction. "Optional Accessories" the with the facing If the facing the cool correctly, and malfunction. of "Optional Accessories" the the the and the foot covers. The attached and that the they the the foot covers. than the screw the to the or other screws, and malfunctions the and least the the the the slightly from the to the top. If from the top to the right turning the that the with the facing and that there least as as shown the following the and the and the shown the or
Warning and You the the and to the Direction Warning and cover the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. the while Warning that become warped or otherwise affected heat the and or the while repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the to the section with or If or If the without the and the from the If the the of or malfunction. the and malfunctions or the of the of the the when necessary. If or the and off the operating life. the with the front facing the with the attached. they
There and the To to impacts when the as follows. Warning and Notes The should people to or the the Nearby", the following the optional other than the the the built-in If the the securely to from shock, and to the cover that the The and the the that mount when purchased the and then the the attached. Transporting Turn off the to the and the cover to the Moving Nearby Attention
Introduction This chapter the each
to cool the internally. If collects the internal to and this service life. to clean the to with and the "Cleaning the regularly. Function C The this with the ELPLS04. and Functions the of the turn to and to The front when the the the this cover to to the when the to "Interface" Interface "Remote operating from the Remote "Attaching and Removing the Interface "Attaching and the Interface this when the interface cover. and Removing the Interface this when the interface cover. through Interface cover switch Interface cover these when carrying the Also, anti-theft through the to the lock" the The security with the Security the Security Function the cover, and the through "Attaching and Removing the Interface (top) when attaching or the "Attaching the Unit" cover
Rear the optional mount when "Optional Accessories" the from Function and Functions mount fixing to the internally. this cover to the the of the projected to and to The front when the the Rear Function cover) The of the and whether they flashing or the of the "Reading the Indicators" "Remote operating from the Remote this to the cover. the cover C
You the following the interface cover. information to the interface cover and the following. Interface and Functions "Attaching and the Interface "Connecting the cover, and the through "Attaching and Removing the Interface Function SDI from Function Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/ EB-Z10005U/EB- EB-Z9870U only) SDI input the of the the of the Rear C RGB from and from other BNC input from input C
the LAN Unit (ELPAP07)" the optional wireless LAN Wireless LAN Function from input Function and Functions the optional Wireless USB the Wireless USB input or the BNC input to This or other RGB input from the input from other than the input or the BNC input This batch "Batch RGB from and from other input the to the from the HDMI to the HDMI from and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI input The the to the Connects the optional and from the the this the the "Optional Accessories" the from to the with RS-232C RS-232C This to the This batch "Batch Service the DVI-D DVI-D input
LAN to to "Connecting LAN LAN Function and Functions "Connecting LAN to the optional HDBaseT HDBaseT The [SDI] only EB-Z10005U/EB- Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U. If while RGB from the and input or the BNC input Press to to from each input "Switching to the input buttons C Function Press to the Press to off the
Press to the allowing to to the buttons. "Restricting Operation" Function the of the Press to the Function and Functions Press to the items and to the the character information. "Reading Press to and the the buttons If than seconds, the to the the Temporarily Press to turn the or off temporarily. the Press to the the Press to the displayed, item or to the If while the or the the the of the Press to and displayed, items and If when the or the the selected. Press to the function. the the If when the displayed, the to the previous Press to or off the buttons the and the
Function Press to the and Functions the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the [Aspect] The [SDI] EB-Z10005U/EB- Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U. Press to to from each input "Switching to the input C Press to turn the off. the of the Projected Press to the If while RGB from the and input or the BNC input the Press to or the If than seconds, the to the Press to and the the the Press to the
Protection" the buttons Function the of the Press to and Function and Functions buttons this to Network the this and the buttons to the ID the to "ID the [ID] Press this switch to ID the "ID [ID] switch the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and the optional wireless receiver, these buttons the "Optional Accessories" the the the this the light-emitting Press to and the which to with they the the optional and from the "Optional Accessories" Remote the or as the the displayed, item or to If while the or the the the Acts as when the optional "Optional Accessories" wireless receiver. Press to or reduce the without the of the this and the buttons to Protection" and numbers. The when displayed the the to their the the optional wireless receiver, from connected to the or when the buttons. buttons items, and assign to of these Select item from the buttons.
You the following operations of the buttons the Press to the function. Function and Functions than seconds. The Protection the screen displayed, and the than seconds. the than seconds. or of the of the the "Restricting Operation" Selecting the security Protection)" the the the this If when the displayed, the to the Acts as right when using the optional "Optional Accessories" wireless receiver. the Temporarily Press to the or off temporarily. the Press to the You the item to assign to each Press the or items. Memory Processing or Correction the pressed, they switching the the which On- the Info displayed If On-Screen The following items assigned. assigned, or the and input On-Screen Each the pressed, the "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Press to to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Search)" [Search] Press to the the seconds. This when the the light when outputting light-
the with If the of the or other the AA or AA or ready. You this them with that the the and Functions the following the Instructions Attention the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the Release the cover catch, and then the cover. the cover. Press the cover clicks the cover.
operating and Functions
the This chapter to the and
Turn the counterclockwise. Attaching the Unit the to the section with or If or the when the insertion section the of the facing or the Attaching the straight the insertion section with the white the top. Lightly the cover. the the cover. To that correction correctly, the the to the Advanced the cover.
Removing While holding the firmly, the clockwise locked. that the the Lightly the cover. the the cover. the off the first. If the to the the the of the the cover. the cover.
the interface cover the that to the installation. Attaching and the Interface Cover While holding the firmly, the counterclockwise the straight as released. the While the switch, the the and the interface cover straight
the top. the when the connected the top cover when the connected from from the the Press the interface the clicks
buttons to the based the of the and then the Press the the Direction the the to the Direction the correctly. the operating reduced significantly. the Normal C If the of the to to the Direction to the Press the the Direction Select from Press the the the
the the to based the or Selecting the You the of the the the of the (Projection) the Select the to turned and then the The to the selection. Press the while projecting. Select Select from used, the each as follows. Rear/Upside Rear Both and turn of the the other operation of the the the turned the with other Press the to
the to the aspect ratio of the used. You specify the and and switch the Function" the The where the matches the of the Screen The the the of purchase as follows: WUXGA/WXGA XGA Approximately seconds the Select that switching the Select or warning the the of the reduced to Interlock, Select or off the Multi-Projection, to the or malfunction. Select to Select Select the aspect ratio from and Press the while the Select from Select from The of the background the
Press the while You the to the and right. Press the to the to the of the You the the background the Select from Select from the the aspect ratio the the Aspect Ratio of the as This function Broadcasting the of the the You the of the there the of the and the to the Screen If WUXGA/WXGA and the If XGA and the to to The the following Press the to If WUXGA/WXGA and the to
The following while the displayed. Top displayed to the without the RGBCMY RGB Advanced The of the Screen the Screen first. the or the the to the Press the Press the while To items that while the displayed or to the from the connected Correction Black the the Press the to the
EB-Z11005/EB-Z11000/EB-Z9870 the of the Projected the The shifted to the of the when the directly front of the The within which the shown below. The of the to both the and EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U/EB-Z9750U/EB- Z11000W/EB-Z9900W/EB-Z9800W motion V56% throw ELPLU02, than of the correctly.) C the the V32% when the of the the the slightly the and least the projection, The when both the and the seconds, from the to the top. If from the top to the The throw ELPLR04 the of the to the right turning the the when the of the the V31% motion V60% C
the of the and the front and to the and You within of the the Press the the buttons to the of the Press the The front and attached and that the they than the front and the front and the the Press the to the
the the the the the Press the the the Press the the the buttons to Press the the the buttons to Press the Press the to the Press the to the
correcting the around the of the focused. Correct the Follow the below to the when the shifted or right the function. throw ELPLU02 the Turn the counterclockwise further. If the around the of the the the around the of the the the turned the
Select the ID to and then the ID the and the the to the with ID. This when together. the ID using the that within the operating of the "Remote operating Advanced the the Remote to from ID. the while the [ID] Press the to the Remote Checking the ID ID IDs when the to or the ID to Press the while the ID Select ID and then the Select from the buttons, the ID displayed the It about three seconds.
The ID the the to them and the ID retained. the to the (ID0). the [ID] switch to On. the ID the While holding the [ID] the of the ID the ID of the to "Checking the ID" Once this the that operated the
The location, and the connected. Connecting To from the of the following the to the input the to the BNC input commercially HDMI C 5BNC the Connecting the DVI-D the to the DVI-D input the HDMI the to the HDMI input DVI-D
To the of the following Connecting Sources Connecting BNC/RCA and the the to the input the the to the input the the to the input optional "Optional Accessories" BNC input) using RCA using C BNC (SDI input, EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U only) the the to the BNC input (R/Cr/Pr, G/Y, the the to the input (RCA) and BNC/RCA the HDMI the to the HDMI input the SDI the to the SDI input HDMI
Connecting If the or of the try to force The or malfunction. If to the when the input malfunction.
If the to to the with the or optional to to the Connecting the to the the with the Connecting to RGB from the input or BNC input to You which to A/V the following to when the Communication On to A/V A/V A/V On to
Connecting LAN Connecting LAN or other to the LAN with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN connecting to the and the of the To malfunctions, or higher shielded LAN
the optional HDBaseT with 100BASE-TX LAN Connecting HDBaseT Connecting "Optional Accessories" the with the HDBaseT or shielded LAN Ethernet or or when using the wired Communications to On the using the XTP or switcher, to the HDBaseT XTP to On and XTP to On connecting or the LAN off the the and the HDBaseT that when to On the LAN RS-232C and Remote
attached to wireless LAN, the LAN the wireless LAN to On (The connecting to which the wireless LAN On the LAN Unit (ELPAP07) Connecting "Wireless LAN "Attaching and Removing the Interface the interface cover. the wireless LAN
the USB the wireless LAN section. the optional Wireless USB to the wireless LAN section. the following when connecting to the wireless LAN. the Wireless USB Connecting The to to the using wireless LAN. The wireless LAN (ELPAP07) connected to the "Wireless LAN Turn the and then the [LAN] The following displayed. the Wireless USB to the the Wireless USB the wireless LAN the USB the "Network information displayed, the Wireless USB From this the with the Wireless USB that the SSID and IP information displayed, and then the wireless LAN the Wireless LAN Unit (ELPAP07)"
This section to batch USB USB Once the function). The batch function with the to batch (batch Batch The batch function USB that incorporate security USB that The batch function USB or FAT USB incorporate security USB The following reflected the batch function. The Network the and the and the Info Others This the USB and the USB the and with USB Network using USB of the following the from the and that of the turned off. the USB to the wireless LAN to the USB Correction reflected the batch function. If batch the the the such as batch the the batch function, the the other information and as the Performing batch the customers responsibility. If batch to and the incurred.
the as follows, release the the USB directly to the If the USB connected to the through USB other than the batch the If from another to the USB the or the The batch function overwrite batch The the batch If PJCONFDATA. If the other the to the correctly. USB If the USB You characters the to the the correctly. correctly. Batch of the flashing, the batch written. On On On On While holding the the or the the to the the from the while the If the disconnected, the the USB from the while the written. If the USB disconnected, the correctly. correctly.
the from the and that of the turned off. Reflecting to other writing normally, the Batch the USB containing the batch to the wireless LAN the the USB On the reflected to the with the If there with there four or of the USB the reflected correctly. the batch the USB If the USB other than the batch the reflected the the reflected the USB to of batch correctly. correctly.
the USB from the while the written. If the USB disconnected, the written. If the disconnected, the the from the while the correctly. correctly. While holding the the or the the to the Batch writing normally, the the as follows, release the the the USB On of the flashing, the On On On On The about seconds.
While holding the the or the the to the Connecting the and with USB Batch of the release the The following operating the batch function. OS and and to the from the and that of the turned off. the USB to the Service with USB The as the On On On On
Disconnect the from the and that of the turned off. Reflecting to other the and the batch to the Batch the USB to the Service with USB If to the of the batch text PJCONFDATA. If the PJCONFDATA section of the the to the correctly. USB and then the USB While the the or the the to the OS X, EPSON_PJ". The
Copy the batch that to to the top of the the as follows, release the Batch or other than the batch to the USB and then the USB using OS X, EPSON_PJ". the from the while the written. If the disconnected, the correctly. of the flashing, the written. The as the On On On On writing normally, the
The the of the Batch USB and then the The batch or the USB correctly. Disconnect the USB or the or USB connected cord, and then of the flashing flashing or the the Writing the and Stop the the from the and occurred the firmware. flashing flashing flashing flashing
This chapter to and
You that from the Source Search input the the Automatically and the Projected (Search) Projecting The following while input. Press the [Search] the to from the currently Remote connected, that the ready to and then this operation. connected, the [Search] the the EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U
You directly to the from the or the following the Switching to the The following shows the input each to from connected the EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U only
Manually that when and the amount of and "Curved Curved You using of the following Correcting Distortion the Projected Manually the and independently. when from Corrects which partially, or the Correction" Correction Manually the four corners Corner" Corner Manually that when with right such as or the of and the amount of and "Corner Wall" Corner Wall
to the correction and Press the buttons to the then the Correction Curved or Corner You Wall. Projected to the and Correction to when to the to release the correction temporarily, the Correction correction independently. The of and the corrected to the (The specifications when ELPLS04 attached). Manually the and Correction from Press the while the reduced. the "If this the distorted." displayed, the Select and then the To the the
If the seconds, the displayed. Select to the of Corner This allows to manually each of the four corners of the Projected Corner the shown that allows to the to corrected displayed. the the further the If the further." displayed while indicated the buttons to the of the Press the corner. the "If this the distorted." displayed, the Corner Select and then the Select Correction from Press the while buttons to the to and then the Press the and as to corners. the corrections the
buttons to the to and then the Press the Manually that when and the amount of and Curved If amount of the with the the of the Projected from the front with the the selecting corner, the to the corner. the "If this the distorted." displayed, the Select Curved and then the Correction Select from Press the while Correction If the seconds, the displayed. Select to the of Curved Select Correct and then the
Press the to to the Select Linearity or Linearity and then the buttons to the of the Press the Projected Linearity Select to the or and Linearity to the or Select the the and then the Linearity buttons when selecting and buttons when selecting Linearity and then the Press the the If the the the as shown the below, the further that The selected displayed flashing and white. If the expands and to the and the linearity. to as to Press the to to the
the the and corrects the the of intersection from to and and Correction Correct that the Projected the linearity. You corrections each the EB-Z11000W/EB-Z9900W/EB-Z9800W/EB-Z11005/EB-Z11000/EB- EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U/EB-Z9750U: of and of and following Z9870: Selecting Linearity Selecting Linearity the and Corner Wall, of the of corrections Curved and Correction Select from Press the while Linearity Selecting Linearity Selecting the from Curved or Corner Wall to Correction, the the displayed. Correction to Curved or the correction Corner Wall. the "If this the distorted." displayed, the Correction and then the Correction. Correction to Correction and then selecting the You the of Curved correction To the the to Curved or Corner Wall, and then the correction using Correction. Correction"
to to the to correct, and then the Press the Select Correction and then the Projected Select the and then the Correction Correction buttons to Press the Select the or and then the corrections Correction to their Select the of the when or the the and the To to another the to to the previous then the and To the the
Press the while Correction Manually that when with right such as or the of and the amount of and Projected Corner Wall the "If this the distorted." displayed, the Select Corner and then the Select Corner Wall and then the Select Correction from If amount of the You to Corner Wall correctly when using the with right throw ELPLU02. the of the from the front with the the
the of the and the that the the of the screen matches the (the where the Corner or Corner and then the To the to the the of the the Corner Select or the Each the and the the vertically: Corner Select Corner From as Press the to the from Select Correct and then the
the and right based the to the the of the Corner selecting buttons to the to and then the Press the Projected the further the If the further." displayed while indicated the If the approximately seconds, the displayed. buttons to the Press the Select to the of Corner Wall If the expands and to the and the linearity. and as to Press the to the from Select Linearity and then the selecting Corner the based the lowest (indicated the arrow). the based the highest (indicated the arrow).
Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Correct that the buttons to the linearity. Press the You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. bright This the brightest bright Application selecting Corner selecting Corner the such as bright The and brought TV bright The and brought to life. Sports that to the Theatre selecting Corner selecting Corner the The and photographs and other This with clear DICOM SIM the tone each from Multi-Projection To the the This selection when the input or This selected when RGB when the input or You the of Corner Wall using Correction. Correction to Correction and then selecting the correction Correction"
the to the of the displayed and Iris Each the the the and the changes. Remote If Iris approximately using Iris only when the to the Edge On to Iris 3D Theatre 3D Theatre or Select Iris from and then the Press the while You the
the Aspect Ratio of the Projected You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input If concerned about the of Iris, to Normal Select High and then the aspect the Screen currently the the aspect "Screen Press the to The each the [Aspect] the the aspect displayed the and the aspect ratio Remote while the aspect ratio of the input Normal aspect ratio based information from the input. Explanation Aspect the of the aspect ratio of aspect ratio of
The following the that displayed. The aspect as shown the below. the input to the of the while the aspect that the of the projected. Explanation Aspect The where the displayed the type The where the displayed the aspect EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U/EB-Z9750U/EB-Z11000W/EB-Z9900W/ EB-Z9800W of the input that the to the of the the of the projected. Native You the aspect ratio the Aspect Aspect Ratio of type or Normal to or Normal the to If of the the the of the The the of the input Native
Aspect Ratio of type Aspect Ratio of Projected type or Normal or Normal and from the HDMI input port/HDBaseT The the of the input Native The the of the input Native Aspect Ratio of EB-Z11005/EB-Z11000/EB-Z9870 type or Normal
Aspect Ratio of Aspect Ratio of or Normal and from the HDMI input port/HDBaseT The the of the input Native The the of the input Native Aspect Ratio of type or Normal The the of the input Native Screen type
the the that the connected the the Advanced Advanced Select and the correction You the Saturation, and Brightness (red), C and (yellow) the Saturation, and Brightness the Advanced RGBCMY selected, the of become selected, reduce the of the become the to the If DICOM SIM from the the to the You from Multi-Projection the RGBCMY correctly to and specifications. If the inches or If the inches or
Advanced from the the Advanced from the while the while the the the to the where to Press the the brightness, and then the buttons to the
3D You the following optional items to and 3D the the with the optional items. 3D (EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB- Z9870U/EB-Z9750U only) This ELPLS04, throw ELPLM06, and throw ELPLL07. (ELPPL01) 3D (ELPGS02A/ELPGS02B) (ELPMB44) to smooth-moving You The and to intermediate such as when the The following when 3D the optional 3D (ELPPL01), their tint. 3D 3D to On the 3D 3D "Optional Accessories" (red), and It to and This the of right "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting 3D 3D 3D 3D Theatre You the of from Normal or High to when
Functions This section the Memory, and Security
the and least the because right turning the to from the of brightness and tone each to Multi-Projection Function If the Correction the becomes The to the without If that without or reduced, precisely. Select Select to There of from from each and creating Follow the below to the the function. ID the and the Preparation Projecting the from each using the function to the ID" The the to the function to the "Combining Scaled as
Follow the below to the of the Edge the of the the following from the that Function the of the (Edge the to the each "Correcting the brightness" the of the the Correct the that when matching the Correction" the of the shift/Zoom Correct the four corners Corner" the the of the (Edge You the to the to Multi-Projection with the 3D 3D to You from Press the while the from the tone the whole as necessary. Uniformity"
Edge Select and then the Turn Edge button. Select Edge and then the The following displayed. Function Select and then the On Select and then the On Select and then the to On Press the Press the If the clear, the of the Colors Select and then the Select On and then the On to Press the to On to Edge to when from Edge Function and the of The to On to Edge the to of the On to to the Edge Edge/Right Top Edge/Bottom Edge to On to to match the of the Edge Select of from the three Colors
Brightness the that the the each Correcting the brightness Top Edge Edge Edge or Right Edge to the of the that The following shows to as Multi-Projection Function that the brightness as the You the Edge the to the the the of the the Brightness the brightness of each match exactly. You the Brightness the to Normal appears the as the the to the with the selected Press the Edge Select and then the Select and then the On Select and then the the and to to finish. Press the
Press the to to the previous Brightness Select from and then the Function Select to as the brightness. You switch the the input buttons. and the white the
The following displayed. the of the and the that Edge Function the of the displayed that it easy to the of the You the and brightness from to white each The and There from white through and to You each individually. Red, the tone each Brightness: the brightness. from and then the button. buttons to Select and then the the pressed, the the and the the buttons to Select or and then the the buttons to the Brightness Select and then the brightness.
The function allows to match the brightness and tone where the with where the displayed, where the to the noticeable. Black Press the to to the previous to and each Function You the Saturation, and Brightness (red), C and the Saturation, and Brightness" RGBCMY You the when displayed. If the Correction to as as other If the Top Edge Edge Right Edge Edge Black only correctly where the of the (Edge The brightness and tone where the the Black to its correctly.
the tone and the that to match the that Select Black from and then the button. Function this, the tone match, them Correction Select and then the Press the to to the displayed
to the to and then the Press the Select Correction and then the Function The selected buttons to the Press the The based the Top Edge Edge Right Edge Edge The where to the displayed. To to another the to to and then and to to the from and Black To to its the then the The of the selected correction. Edge On and Correction selected To the the
Select or and then the to the currently displayed. section of the and displayed. This allows to combining from Combining Scaled Function You the from the and then the the Select from to the (the which displayed). and then the Select and then the Select On and then the to On Press the to to the Press the to to the Select and then the
buttons, then Select the with the buttons. the Multi-Projection Function the or reduces vertically and the or reduces Select and then the Vertically: or reduces vertically. the the and of each while the buttons to the Press the to Press the
Projecting Functions The currently selected input the of the Press the the while Remote You from the right and of the You the operations the Screen The following input using the function. DVI-D and HDBaseT HDMI and HDBaseT and BNC and DVI-D and HDMI The displayed. Press the You the input both and right) of the Select Source and then the
the following to switch the displayed the and right Switching the and right Select each input and Right Projection Functions Press the The the and right Select and then the Press the Switching the and right You the operations using the following Select the to and then the Select and then the To switch the the from "Automatically and the Projected (Search)" Select and then the "Switching to the
Select the Screen The appear as shown below the Functions only when input or the or the when or warning displayed. The displayed. the the aspect The following operations Restrictions The the to the the right the the the to the the right Advanced and Restrictions relating to Right The and the to the the Iris Iris You both the and right the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the The following to Press the to Press the the
automatically. If to off the the function activated and operations about the off to You switch off the the when to the what or when to operations such as the Temporarily Projection Functions If the while the closed, the released and to off the displayed the The and while the function activated. that the function executed, the function released. Release to the the following operations while the function the with the input buttons the Advanced Release the from activated. commands. or to release the function. The function released the the the function or off. Remote the to played from the where the function back while the function activated. It to activated. The while the function activated, the hours to
This when to to them such as and of the activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated the Projection Functions Each the the function or off. Remote Press the to the the to played If the while the or the displayed, the or the that back while the It to from the where the while used. closed.
You the that currently as to the of the that the Projection Functions to the to as the and then the button. Once the to the factory the Remote Protection from Protection to On and the You Protection)" Protection to or Aspect the function currently If selected when Correction, E- temporarily canceled. Select from Expands the each pressed. You that holding the Remote the the to match the of the the the "Choose this as the displayed, the buttons to the when to On
the to the of the to as the You the operations from the Projection Functions Remote and the "Select this displayed, the You The the the "Completed." displayed. the this as the displayed, the Select the factor from the
the Memory allowing to them when necessary. the following The the currently as memory, items the memory. Memory Function Memory Select from and then the Press the while displayed. the Top Processing Reduction NR 3D items Brightness Edge Black
the memory Select the memory the memory using the to change, and then the "Soft operations" Memory Explanation Function Memory Memory You and when displayed. Select the function to then the Memory Function memory already the memory and its displayed. finished, the and then the Explanation Function If the the of the memory turned memory, displayed to to overwrite the memory. If the previous and the the memory already You to of memory. to the with the button, the the memory. from the memory. memory and the Memory The the currently displayed the as memory. memory and the Memory displayed. Select and then the to the selected memory. You the memory. from Memory Memory memory and the Memory
the to the and "Soft operations" the and the specified the specified or You You turning the on/off and switching the input as the to Function You the the The the function. the the the first the to the displayed. the from displayed. Protection related to the and Protection You to Protection On to Protection)" Select and then the Press the while the from
Function Function Select from Press the while the New Select from the from Coordinated the DST the and daylight whether or to the the the Daylight (UTC) Daylight the and to the daylight DST the and to the DST through to On to the the Daylight the IP the of the month, the to and then the the Press the to
Specify the and to switch to the to Function Function the Select when to or switching the reduce the the the and "Selecting the to Select operation of the when the Select items that to when the You the following item operations. Source On On On On On the of the and to the the to the "Soft operations" and To to Select and then the Select and then to
and then the On On to Function On On of the the specified the of the Select the from On Select and then the of or another with specified the the other executed. of the New Select from of the the and based the the specified the to the and and then the "Soft operations"
Press the while Checking and then to Function The appears the when Select from Communication On/Off
Press the while Editing to highlight the to Press the The of the the selected displayed. Function buttons to highlight the containing the to Press the Select from the
Select and then to editing. Highlight the to and then the The displayed. Function To and then Select and then or the selected (You On/Off Function the to the or and Select and then the the editing. Select and then the to the the selected Clear
Background Screen the and Protection On to the following the from the prohibited. Protection The the following security You who the Protection Security Functions Protection On to the Network Protection On Network to the the or prohibited. Protection Network Protection prohibited. You people the the without "Restricting Operation" The with anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the to the Furthermore, the that displayed when turn the This acts as anti-theft function as the At the of purchase, Protection activated, people who know the Protection activated. Protection) and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protection On to the On Protection The following three of Protection to the used. of Protection
Press the to to the Select On and then the the about seconds. Protection Security Functions The to this to If the While holding the four using the buttons. The as the the displayed, and the fourth the displayed. displayed then the Select and then the the The Protection displayed. Remote Remote If Protection already activated, the If the correctly, the Protection displayed. the If the incorrectly, displayed prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the Select the type of Protection to and then the
"The locked." displayed and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and turn the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the the displayed, the the the Security Functions that appears the and the If the of the the If to the and input the the following displayed and the "The operation locked. service While the the the buttons. the Protection temporarily released.
You the The following three of operation restriction with the Restricting Security Functions Select or to This or shows when to or when to operation. This function buttons the related to the to properly The buttons to the chose. You release the of the following Select when the displayed. This function the buttons operation, to operations. of the following to the the the locked, the as the to to the the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the released. of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the buttons the the locked. the to the Press the
This function the following buttons the Remote This function the following buttons the related to the operation. Security Functions the to On the the least seconds, the or off.
The with the following of anti-theft security Anti-Theft the the following operations the Releasing the Security Functions the following the Security The security with the Security Security theft-prevention through the to the to or the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the
This chapter to the and its
Select Although the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top the and the the the to their Press the to
Items or Top Normal, Expanded items the and the and projected. of Functions NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M- PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM Normal, Native Aspect RGB, Processing Sports, DICOM SIM, 3D 3D Theatre, Presentation, 3D Theatre, 3D Items or Top to Brightness Corner, Curved Correction, Corner Wall Correction Normal, Interlock, ECO On, Operation 3200K, 5000K to 10000K, to RGB, RGBCMY Advanced Normal, High Iris to Advanced Sharpness to to to Confirmation, Notice, Background, Uniformity Memory, Memory Memory, Memory, Memory Front/Rear, Rear, Remote Normal, 3D 3D On, Tracking Normal, High NR1, NR2 Reduction On, NR to
Items or Top Network Down, Rear, Rear/Upside Projection Items or Top of Functions Quick, Advanced On, On, Wireless LAN Wireless LAN Source Search, On, Direct On, High Advanced, Down, Normal, Direction A/V A/V DHCP, IP Address, IP On, SSID On, SSID On, IP SSID Search Uniformity, Edge Brightness ID, RGBCMY, Black Multi-Projection Communication On, XTP HDBaseT Select On, Communication DHCP, IP Address, Gateway IP WPA/WPA2-PSK WPA2-PSK, Security On, IP On, Passphrase SMTP Wired LAN Security Info, Source, Refresh ID, HDBaseT Quality Info Info Info Memory
items the and currently projected. each Items or Top On, SNMP of Functions Others "Automatically and the Projected (Search)" Wired LAN, Wireless LAN Priority Gateway On, AMX Discovery On, On, On, Broadcasting Trap IP and Trap IP "Selecting the Quality (Selecting Select the of the to surroundings. the light and the Function the brightness. Brightness when or the the input.)
light projected. Select High to Theatre 3D or 3D Theatre It Edge to Normal or High to the to the (This item to corrections to match the of the The each to On Iris Function when input. and input when they NTSC the tint. Function of Functions You the to their the following to items to their You the sharpness. To If this to the background, and the other of the Thick If this to Thin If this to If this to when Processing to such as or the to them clearly. the Advanced The following four items the enhanced. Advanced Sharpness DICOM SIM to or to 3200K, 5000K to 10000K. the to other when high selected and tinted when of to The tinted You the of the the selected. correction or to the or RGBCMY You the and brightness of each (red), C You choosing the following items. You the selecting of the individually. RGB Advanced
to to the of the input If correctly when to or to Normal or the allows to the This when when RGB of the to the connected the connected input.) Function items the and currently each of Functions You when appear when RGB the input.) Tracking You the and right when of the that the whole You when or when RGB interference appears the input.) This graphics, and converted to (IP with amount of animation. You smoothly intermediate the EB-Z9750U only) (EB-Z10005U/ EB-Z10000U/ EB-Z9875U/ EB-Z9870U/ tion 3D 3D to On 3D to On to and to when RGB the when the input input.) Function
You the to or to this to the input (This when the output ratio (the of the or input.) Function created the when the to the To reduce the that of the Function of Functions You the to their Processing and the following to items to their displayed higher processing. Process Select the that It Smoothes the roughness There recommended that this to when Processing (This when to which such as Reduction input, reduce the that with Processing (This when to NR Select the the input from the HDMI input the DVI-D input HDBaseT or the SDI input to Expanded concerned about or blown highlights the You input from the input or If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected the connected BNC input automatically. If interference appears the or You input from the input or S- such as when to input If to the to the connected to the of the each "Combining Scaled the Aspect Ratio of the You the aspect ratio Aspect
"Correcting Distortion the You Function Cor rection of Functions Select and the four corners of the the and corrects the and to the selected of intersection Corrects that when Corrects that when Temporarily the correction. from to and and and with right Correction Curved Corner Corner Wall You the You of the You the operation of the too high, the to to ECO the to Normal the its brightest. to Interlock the surrounding and the reduced. the operating Operation Con
You the reception of the operation from the to operations from least seconds to the to the the the the If to operations from its Remote Function of Functions Select the items the that to Correction Memory assign to the and buttons the The following items assigned. Info Processing or On-Screen without other when the You to the operations and the memory "Memory Function" function. Memory of +45C of to and +40C of to You the to the following to items to their their and Memory
the to when the turned or the input. Function Uniformity" Select the to the Position Select the to the to Black or when to On to the when Remote to to On whether or to off the when the Notice function. this to On and from the aspect ratio and to the following items Background You the screen background If to off the pressed. Press the to the the detected, the displayed the (This item when Item when the Source, or Aspect You related to the Notice whether or to the Confirmation (This item when the of the to the screen when input, and such as High Warning. the once. the "Screen the the used. displayed. off. Function of Functions Rear Rear/Upside and the of the Select from of the following the this to the of the Direction Uniformity the tone the whole Correct and the
from the BNC input This should to to On when (75) termination such BNC Termination the termination the Advanced The following items as necessary. Function the that the the the off to On this off High to On when the the input when the On when to Communication On If to or BNC to On from the input or BNC input the turned when the such as when input and while the function Source Search whether or On to Direct On to On to the to On this the when operations when the within of to of operations turned restored. activated. Function of Functions You Normal or with this selected, to that already with this this to that back to Normal Additionally, that with this or the pressed. selected, the opens/closes. selected, the because, the to this This the or somewhere to reach, the with other Select operation to when the this item to Normal to the the type of the that this off the temporarily. with to the Release If to only released to the function released the (or when the the Temporarily to release the function). to the to that the or off, or cooling finished. to the off, or warning.
(This item when XTP to On the when A/V to Communication from the HDBaseT and to following operations the If Communication On the and the when ON to On when to On when A/V to On On Function Select the the Select ELPLS04 the that built-in Operation Function of Functions to the approximately three seconds off. If turn the immediately turning off, command off. To this to to the seconds off. the the Communications (This when through the HDBaseT connected to the HDBaseT this the LAN RS-232C and XTP to On when the XTP following the XTP or switcher to the HDBaseT the and the wired XTP to On to On Ethernet HDBaseT Network Wireless LAN the wireless LAN, or the to Advanced A/V when Communication On to On the following operations the Select the to when the to RGB from the input or the BNC input which selected when the turned off. to the A/V this XTP On to the
Select the to turned "Selecting the Select Function when from Function" Function of Functions You the that specified and Function" You the Screen Projection Direction High the following to items to their to their the following items Release A/V Source Search ID You the and ID the ID from to that "ID ID to the of the displayed each "Combining Scaled Uniformity the tone the to (or 3D 3D Uniformity" whole related to You Protection to On Protection Protection)" Protection to Edge Corrects the of the (Edge to Brightness the of each the brightness and This item only when to "Correcting the brightness" Normal the Brightness (red), C RGBCMY You the Saturation, and and RGBCMY" Matching Corrects the the and brightness of each Black the and tone where and where the "Black You the Projection to their
the following information. Wireless LAN MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. Wire LAN Network Protection On Protection to Network and the network Protection to and then the Network of Functions Protection" The following items. Wireless LAN Security Wired LAN Others Complete the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP Network Info. Wired LAN or the information the wireless LAN used. the using of connected to the and the This to such as security function You easily text
the the and the buttons. the to Press characters this the following software buttons the or The Network items that of to the to the and then the to the selected character. holding the to entry. displayed. Press the Soft operations Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the Notes operating the Network of Functions Complete to the and or or to the to the Network without the the and the Network the Network pressed, pressed, and the the section the and and the SYM1/2 selected and the the CAPS selected and the The following of character ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
to when and the function that allows to and using You to the the characters used). The connected Function the SSID and the the software these characters Network of Functions to On to the when to the to This allows to from Network Projection from other computers. Normally this should to On PC Projection the to the when characters. The following characters used: editing, to connected to Function software. You to to when the characters used).
with Network Projection. the SSID to On the becomes easy the to when connecting the the and It to the created If created and wireless LAN. Function LAN of Functions through the or the the the following Network Projection Advanced If Advanced the established Select the the wireless LAN from (This to This to or to when to the (This to On to to the search. On This to PC Projection On to when the to the If to wireless LAN, to to unauthorized others. On This to wireless LAN. Function Wireless LAN SSID SSID the wireless LAN You to characters or to ANY, ANY (selects from the If the SSID which the the SSID. (This SSID to from without specifying SSID) established. SSID SSID
Detected displayed You to Search to Advanced search those the they surrounding and the SSID to from the You security separately. Function of Functions Search Access DHCP to On to the using DHCP If this You from to each field of the the following IP used. You the the You from to each field of the Gateway You the IP the (This to Advanced IP You the IP assigned to the to (where the following used. to On You from to IP Function Searches the Refresh the You from to each field of the the following to (where from to used. If where security the Security displayed. Select type of security to If where security the Indicates the where security the security the Wireless LAN displayed. Indicates that connected. To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID To the IP from the LAN this to IP
(This selected when Security to WPA2-PSK or the You least and to with Network Projection, to the the the characters. WPA/WPA2-PSK Passphrase Function of Functions Security than characters, You to characters the Browser to the to the Advanced recommended that the optional wireless LAN attached and security. of security of the about to access. the security type from the items that displayed. security, follow the instructions from the Security Function authentication or authenticating and without This WPA includes authentication WPA authentication the without WPA that the security wireless The TKIP and AES follow the instructions from
DHCP to On to the DHCP If this You from to each field of the However, the following IP used. You the the You from to each field of the Gateway You the IP the to (where IP You the IP assigned to the You related to the following However, the following used. to On from to IP Function of Functions Wired LAN the You from to each field of the the following to (where from to used. To the IP from Network Info the Network and the LAN this to IP
You the of the to which to the You to three characters the The following characters You the or to about to the specified that or warning occurred. You You to The the the selected or warning the items from the displayed items. Function this or the of Functions the to to On to to the when or warning with You from to each field of the to (where from You the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP Function You the the SMTP The You to
this to On when or the the "About this to Function of Functions Others this to On the following Broadcasting On this to when connecting to the using information the service. You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to or Broad casting To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the SNMP. The SNMP Function You from to used. to (where each field of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to Wired LAN Wireless You the to or LAN Priority Gateway Trap IP 1/Trap IP On the connected to to to allow the to AMX Discovery to to from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX covery
the of the and the of the Items that displayed the currently projected. Info Only) of the of Functions Function the to You the of the the You the the connected currently projected. Source Info You the Function To of the Network You the the You the refresh Refresh Rate
the information. Function This information service You the information. Info Function of Functions The as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and This information service You information about that occurred the required. You the when the and connected through the information the ID. the following information the ID. ID" ID information from the You the HDBaseT Quality The following the of the reached, the characters You the the operating yellow. Info On
of Functions Uniformity Select You items the to their The the Memory items the Network and to their Function the and Memory "Memory Function" Memory
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
Remote Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and as shown the below. Press the to the Remote The displayed. Press the Select the following the function to the
This with the following The and of the the of the Reading the Indicates the internal This normally turned off. Indicates the Indicates the Indicates the C Indicates the operating of wireless LAN when the optional wireless LAN connected. Indicates the This normally turned off. Wireless LAN
Explanation The following operation. Reading the when the the this to the this the the or If the and then reconnected this the flashes The and (when to Communication On Network On This the immediately turning the Warm-up approximately seconds The warm-up. the Warm-up The Projecting On On Flashing On This the immediately turning off the this buttons Cool operations to and this Network Flashing On Flashing The function activated. function activated While the Flashing On On
occurred the the indicated the and of flashing or to the following to what the and to that they Reading the or Stop the the from the and or the the Stop the the from the and or the the Flashing Flashing that the and clear, and that the about the switches to The off and about the following High (Overheating) If the clogged, the from the "Cleaning the and then or them. Flashing On Flashing Flashing If the the using the the from the and or the the High On of or to High the Direction to or when the which Direction
or Reading the (S) (P) (S) (P) Stop using the the from the and or the the Cool the and they cracked. the the following "Cleaning the Clean the Flashing On Flashing Flashing (P) (P) (S) (S) If the the with and then the If the using the the from If the cracked the and turn the the and or the the If the cracked or the the further (If of the cracks, only the other used. the as as High On of or to Operation High Direction to or when the which Direction
or Reading the that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, turn off the the from the and then or them. "Cleaning the the following If the the using the the from the and or the the the to the the On Flashing Iris Stop the the from the and or the the Stop the the from the and or the the Iris Flashing Flashing Flashing Warning This the too high that the and clear, and that the automatically. the following High Warn If the clogged, off the the from the and then or them. "Cleaning the On Flashing On Flashing Flashing the
or Reading the both together to and that the increases. with as If to the the passed, the of as Either or that indicated the flashing with the Flashing Flashing Mismatch The attached to or Turn off the the from the and the the both The and match. Turn off the and both and or the to and of the displayed. the and Mismatching of Flashing The off about that the match.
or Reading the Warning (S) Warning (P) Warning (S) Warning (P) Warning Warning If the the with and then turn the If the Stop using the the from If the cracked the and the the and or the the or that indicated the flashing the the following and cracked. "Cleaning the Clean the Warning Warning Flashing Flashing If the cracked or the the further (If of the cracks, the other used. the cracked as as Direction to or when the which Direction using of or High to High On
or Reading the If the though attached, the and or the defective. Stop using the the from the The off about that the there The the displayed the that the securely attached. the On Flashing This the The "The clogged. Clean or the displayed that the and clear, and that the the the following further. Flow If the clogged, off the the from the and then or them. "Cleaning the If the the using the the from the and or the the the
or Reading the Cleaning Turn off the the from the The to the Clean or the "Cleaning the and then the displayed. Notice The or displayed when Notice to On the Notice Flashing If the shown this the the from the and or the the the following the operating properly, though the showing
You the items and information of each the buttons. The LCD of the the Also, the or history of this using the buttons the Reading the following to the when the A/V A/V A/V On to to Communication On Lighting If to the the (LCD)" to the The the following the the or "Checking the ID" or warning the ID the To the the There the and each buttons, the switches the following the Checking the
occurred the the following displayed. when or warning Reading the Normal the following information the or warning "Reading the Indicators" and buttons If the cleared, or of the pressed, the to Warning the and Wireless LAN Network Wireless Each the following information. of the information information Wired LAN Information Information Network Wired Source "Explanations of the the item Information about the items.
You the and the lighting the back light. the (LCD) Reading to the following Press the buttons to Press the to the following Press the buttons to the Press the The to seconds). You from (light off), and to the lighting the back Press the light.
Explanation Item Explanations of the Reading the the following information to the and "Reading the Indicators" Information The cool Cool The The OK high occurred. The Warm-Up occurred. (S: P: (S) occurred. (S: P: (S) occurred. occurred. (P) (P) (S) occurred. internal occurred. (P) (P) (S) occurred. occurred. occurred. occurred. Iris occurred.
Explanation Item high occurred. Warning Information Reading occurred. (S: P: the as when the occurred. Warning (P) Warning (S) warning about the internal occurred. Warning occurred. Warning flow occurred. Warning (P) Warning (S) warning occurred. the as when the occurred. Warning The of the type, and the DirectionWarning the the connected currently projected. Source occurred. Mismatch occurred. Clean Warning DVI-D HDMI BNC LAN SDI the the On-Screen to the or displayed the On On-ScreenDisplay the function HDBaseT
Explanation Item the Information Reading the type attached to the type attached to the operating of On the AC the the connected currently projected. Source Source the operating of On the Select "Selecting the Select DVI-D HDMI BNC LAN SDI Not Supported: The the input the of the input input. the input HDBaseT
the of the input RGB Source Explanation Item Reading the of the input the of the input the polarity. Polarity the of the input Detected the of the (Normal) the type. (Expanded) On Items displayed the and the and projected. Expanded Normal
Explanation Item the of 5V Detected 5V Detection Information Reading the operating the input Stable the of the input TMDS the of the input TMDS the TMDS of the input TMDS Clock the factors of 5CFHMP123 the HDCP Non-HDCP HDCP Not the VIC information (AVI) of the input AVI Info VIC the AVI. OK AVI InfoChecksum each HDCP information. HDCP Passed HDCP AKSV HDCP the information (AVI) of the input RGB Encoding the HDMI YUV4:4:4 YUV4:2:2 YUV4:2:0 DVI NG You the information from the HDBaseT Quality Items displayed Information the and the and
the to the when connected to Network Wired Explanation Item Reading the IP On IP the LAN. HDBaseT the HDCP On DHCP the IP IP LAN the to when connecting the and wireless LAN. Advanced the to the when connected to Network Wireless the IP On IP the SSID On SSID the MAC MAC the security Security the HDCP On DHCP the MAC MAC the IP IP the SSID. SSID the reception LEVEL WPA/WPA2-PSK WPA2-PSK
Explanation Item the of the Reading the operation of the PR the operation of the the firmware information. the PR the lighting the back light. Lighting the the LCD. LEVEL CONTRAST
to The connected correctly or supplied. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? to the Press the the or the appear Press the the to release the function. the Temporarily the function active? the to the the connected when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when of the the correct? the from the to only. or the the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Moving The to copyright protected that played back the with the the of the trying to copyright protected?
Projection to the If to the to Press the to On the to the the connected when from the correct? Operation "Not supported." to the information to the and the refresh "Supported Displays" from the the and the refresh match the when displayed the to as as the when If the while the of the or already turned the (function that the to Turn the the and the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory off and then back Computer's "Automatically and the Projected (Search)" the the [Search] the the selected? that and that there the that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or the to the with built-in LCD
of or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and If the from to or the to disappear. the that least the and the the the to the the correctly? of the recommended and within the recommended the the the following information correction throw ELPLU02" Advanced the to ELPLU02 the the optional throw (ELPLU02)? Interference or appear If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's
Press the to If the correctly or Tracking the Tracking the and Tracking correctly? when The the the and the of the If the the to the the to other than when the input to If this to On to when On to the once they connected. to or every input The truncated or the aspect or the the the screen used. "Screen the Screen correct? when RGB input from the input or the BNC input Press the to the You the the the correctly? Press the [Aspect] the to aspect the input the Aspect Ratio of the Projected the aspect correctly? Press the the to of the the to the to On If activated the of the computer's only about of the the To the the off the when the
the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? the Projection the the correct? Computer's the from connected to the input or the BNC input the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected the from connected to the input or the input that and that there the that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the Brightness the Brightness the correctly? the RGB or RGBCMY the Advanced the correctly? the and the the and correctly? when from the the the correctly? the
appear the nearly ready the become and the this the with the to the the Brightness the and the Brightness the brightness correctly? the the the correctly? Brightness the following items to used?
when Projection There the cord, or the the cord. If this the using the the from the and or the the the and off when the touched? to turn the Press the the The of the operations to the when Direct On to On the back the or the to the Press the the back or the turned immediately off? the switch to On, the to with ID. the [ID] the ID" switch to the [ID] switch the to On? the If to the to Press the the to the the Remote the the selected? If the or cover attached correctly, the that they attached to the correctly. the cover and attached correctly?
Other the location where light the receiver. sunlight or strong light from the receiver? The operating the about "Remote operating the too from the the the receiver. "Remote operating the light-emitting the the operation? The the ID the to and the ID the match. To of the ID the [ID] switch the to "ID the ID and the ID match? the correctly or the with necessary. the batteries" the or the incorrectly? the the the the selected? the connected, the the from the Remote the optional to the Remote the buttons those basic operations deactivated. the to the lock. "Remote the The Remote the optional to HDBaseT On to Advanced Remote the Remote the the Remote match the that
Nothing appears the RGB the from the input or the BNC input displayed Only RGB from the input or the BNC input displayed input from other than the input or BNC input A/V that and the correctly. the A/V A/V A/V Select the the the to the and To the function when the Communication On the to Communication On If the or the the the to and the to the to the the Network correctly. Network the function correctly the Network that outlet or functioning correctly. to the
"The that clock displayed "EPSONWEB" as the user ID. This the ID the the characters the as the The the user ID and correct? or the the The internal supply that clock
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the ID the and while. Network ID Network Projection. the to Network Projection. the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. the of the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE that the wireless LAN security correct. Network Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The TKIP/AES match. the occurred the 04FF Communication from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP Network Wireless LAN Wired LAN to DHCP. If restarting the or Network Projection the or the the Other information. Communication the connected to unauthorized
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
the with or the to shocks, as easily become You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed or the flashing "Reading the Indicators" Cleaning the cleaning, the from the shock. Cleaning the nothing the and or the to the Clean or the "The clogged. Clean or the If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and cleaning, with and lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. cloth cleaning to gently the Cleaning the Warning that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the
If displayed, cleaning, to the it with to the Cleaning It recommended that the least once three months. Clean than this the The or when Notice to On the Notice With the front (the with of the facing the four or to off the Turn and the other the the cover and and the cover while the off the and the the cord. the cover. If the too become to and cracks. the
Press the cover clicks the cover. the using from the front. Cleaning the
The or to This section to the and the the specified ELPLP83 pack)/ELPLP84 ELPLP81 the Also, the both and the type of both and "It to Please or www.epson.com to purchase." The following displayed. It to the when: the to the and of the using Normal About hours using continually Normal About hours continually Normal About hours continually About hours continually About hours About hours The to appear the following EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z11000W/EB-Z11005/EB-Z11000 EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U/EB-Z9900W EB-Z9750U/EB-Z9800W/EB-Z9870 About hours About hours About hours The flashing and the or "Reading the Indicators" flashing The seconds.
The when the from to the If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the of EPSON The of malfunction caused the of covered the become or the and or and off shorten the operating life. warranty. that the If the of which the should that the the cover gently. when the cover as of and injury. If or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or cracked, and should to the of the cover, shards of or mouth, physician the there immediately. Warning that the whenever the This reduce the of the "Cleaning the "Cleaning the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to enough. the cooled sufficiently the off the and the the cord. the Select when the "Selecting the
the the to and the straight the cooled sufficiently the cover the back of the the cover to the and then the to the the cover.
Press the cover the and to the right clicks. the cover. the the the that fits and the to the back. the clicks the the securely. If the cover the off as If the or This includes that mercury Please regulations or recycling. the cover attached correctly, the Follow the regulations of they apply.
the The records the turned and and when to the the and turning the the following the and the counter. the hours If the displayed though the cleaned, the The when the from to the Select and then the the cover and and the cover while the turn off the and the the cord. the cover. Indicates that replaced. Indicates the operating If and the the count to 0H.
Press the cover clicks the cover. the of properly with of the of the the
the the LCD You the and vertically within of that the of the displayed. Press the while Select and then the Press the to to the Select Select and then the On Select and then the Select the to Select and then the Select from Select (red) or and then the Press the to to the previous
Select the when from Select and then the intersection and four corners, and then If to correcting Select of (red), and the R/G/B of three red, and The of and The of the of and The of the R/G Select This when selected from G/B This when selected from Press the to to the previous of the white. Select and then the displayed, the four corners the top The become while The once buttons to and then to to the the Press the four corners, and then the
Uniformity The once The become while the tone the whole Uniformity and then the Press the to to the previous buttons to the Press the Uniformity You from The tone uniformity. Press the while Select from to the to and then the Press the the first. Finally and then the whole Select and then the Select Uniformity and then the Uniformity The currently selected focused and displayed. Select Uniformity and then the Press the to to the Select On and then the
buttons to the to Press the buttons to and then the to the Press the to strengthen the Press the The each To the the to and each
allows to the to the of the as as them. and About the of connected to the allows to and operations remotely. the characters and the This function the or as the browser. OS X. You from the following Broadcasting software About Broadcasting Communication On If to the to and the (when the off). the the Broadcasting to (JPEG to or specified the The manually, or Download the Broadcasting software from the following the browser, items that the The reflected the The items each the as the Advanced BNC Termination, Items the that the the
You the the Network the Network the ID the You the ID. SNMP Community to characters) the the following to characters) HTTP Items that only with and the to the the function, This allows to of with to the when or warning with when they locations. to of three and to three once. Network If to the displayed. To to that the and connected to the the following to the the the to notifying If and of the If to Communication On the (when the off). the IP of the the input of the and the the the Network from the the displayed. The displayed. The ID and displayed. EPSONWEB as the ID. The
Flow the function to On and or the the following Reading and input to the the or that the the turned Warning Warning The IP the where the occurred. The where the occurred and of the Subject: EPSON Warning. Warning. the following to with or "Reading the Indicators" Iris The of the The below. related Clean Warning Warning Incorrect type High-speed cooling Flow
The Remote function allows to operations with the Screen SNMP On to the to the specified when or warning This allows to of with when they locations. SNMP and the Remote Click SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function SNMP wireless The SNMP this with the SNMP to IP who with the LAN Network Others SNMP
You the from using the the The displayed. and You the and "Switching to the the input buttons the C the to the or motion Function Item "Automatically and the (Search)" the Temporarily "Remote [Search] buttons the the the to the the the off.
Command Item SOURCE EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB- Z9875U/EB-Z9870U only) SDI You the from ESC/VP21. and ESC/VP21 Commands or the the (CR) to the of each and SOURCE HDBaseT MUTE OFF MUTE ON On function On/Off the ON transmitted to the the and the turned input, the the and and then the command. Command If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF The below. Connector SOURCE BF BNC SOURCE A0 DVI-D SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE B4 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE LAN
Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About <At the <At the input RS-232C and The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. You to the following information "Network It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the Command Function URL: commands <At the (PC <At the and Command Source AVMT AVMT INPT INPT BNC Flow length: Parity: Function ground GND TD RD INPT INPT INPT DVI-D INPT HDMI
It to and integrated connected About Command Source INPT and EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB- Z9875U/EB-Z9870U only) SDI The the and therefore built with the displays supported.) information EPSON displayed "Product information EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON INPT LAN INPT HDBaseT You from using Remote Edition to the to with the and to You or and with software the following The following of This to operations using
the You characters and The following while Broadcasting and If to Communication On the (when the off). You the following operations when the buttons. Function the and to the to On the Network Network Others the following carrying operations. the from the the operation Switch to the from the selected input To input that shown Source or to or The input displayed You the necessary. the Temporarily Press to the or off temporarily. A/V the or off. the IP of the the input of the and the the the the The displayed.
the operations as the The buttons the You the following operations when the other buttons. You the following operations when the buttons. To C buttons that shown Source or to or right. and the the operation as the "Remote OK If clicked while RGB from the input and Press to and the Function the light and the the the the Press to or the Function the brightness. Brightness Press to to the input that "Automatically and the (Search)" Search the as the the reduce that with the the Click the to buttons to the Click the to the without of the of Click the the sharpness. Sharpness the Used to to, and from, the using IT information the that currently connected. Info You the following operations when the Function the that currently connected. the section.
that currently connected the (The installation location the to characters and Function Item The following when the the You this to the that currently connected. and the the IP to to the currently connected IP to characters user the (The and To to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP the the currently connected Gateway Click this to the to the the currently connected the when the to the (The to characters.) New If the the New the as displayed. Confirm Select the to to the The following items C Function Item (The to currently connected from other the to the that characters.) Function Item The following items Click this to the to the
the to to the The following items the and the when the to the (The to characters.) New If the the New the as displayed. Confirm Function Item Click this to the to the
this to operation from the from Remote ELPKC28 The following optional and Purchase to without and and as of: of these products as and when The following of optional the country of purchase. Optional and this to the to the the or to and This HDMI and LAN Based the HDBaseT when such as OHP or ELPDC11/ELPDC20 Wireless ELPST16 ELPHD01 Rear ELPLR04 throw ELPLM06 throw ELPLM07 Short throw ELPLU02 throw ELPLL07 ELPLS04 ELPLW04 Optional This only ELPLS04, throw to this when and 3D ELPLM06, and throw ELPLL07. when the to wirelessly and projecting. when to establish one-to-one the and with Wireless USB ELPAP09 Wireless LAN ELPAP07 ELPPL01 the following information the each and ELPKC02 3D these when 3D with the mount to the or 3D ELPGS02B 3D ELPGS02A ELPMB44 of these the with the too This the as the with the ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC19 to
Optional and when the ELPMB26 High mount ELPMB25 mount to the from or the the ELPLP84 ELPLP83 as ELPLP82 ELPLP81 as ELPAF46
This section shows the with the ELPLS04 Z9870U/EB-Z9750U/EB-Z11000W/EB-Z9900W/EB- EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB- Z9800W Screen and Projection Unit: Top to to Unit: from the of the to the of the This the Projection of C Top to to
Top to to Top to to and Projection Unit: Short throw ELPLU02 Top to to Unit: Top to to Screen
Unit: Top to to and Projection Screen Top to to Unit: Top to to Unit: Rear ELPLR04 supported.
and Projection Unit: Unit: Unit: ELPLW04 Top to to
Top to to Top to to and Projection Unit: Top to to Unit: Top to to
Top to to Unit: throw ELPLM06 and Top to to Unit: Top to to Unit: Top to to
Unit: Top to to Screen and Projection Top to to Unit: throw ELPLM07 Top to to Unit: Top to to
Top to to Top to to and Unit: Top to to Unit: throw ELPLL07 Top to to
Projection EB-Z11005/EB-Z11000/EB- Z9870 Unit: Screen and Projection Top to to from the of the to the of the This the of C
Top to to This section shows the with the and Projection ELPLS04 Unit: Top to to Screen Unit: Top to to Unit: Top to to
Top to to Top to to and Unit: Top to to Screen Unit: Short throw ELPLU02 Top to to
Unit: and Projection Screen Top to to Unit: Screen Unit: Rear ELPLR04 supported. Screen
Top to to and Projection Unit: Unit: Top to to Unit: ELPLW04 Top to to
Top to to Top to to and Unit: throw ELPLM06 Top to to Unit: Top to to
Top to to Unit: and Screen Top to to Unit: throw ELPLM07 Top to to Screen Unit: Top to to
Top to to Top to to Screen and Projection Unit: Top to to Unit: Top to to
Top to to Unit: throw ELPLL07 Screen and Top to to Screen Unit: Top to to Unit: Top to to
Top to to and Projection
Refresh Rate MAC21" the of the input than the the Supported Supported when VESA CVTRB (Reduced input. (This EB-Z11005/EB-Z11000/EB- EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U/EB-Z9750U only. when selected as the the Z9870.) when other than those input, that the supported. Refresh Rate VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV the input from the input SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13" TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) MAC19" MAC16"
EB-Z10005U/EB-Z10000U/EB-Z9875U/EB-Z9870U only) from SDI from the DVI-D input HDMI input and HDBaseT Supported of Rate Refresh SD-SDI SDTV HDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA WXGA+ VGA SVGA 3G-SDI HDTV HD-SDI HDTV HDTV WSXGA+ SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA WXGA++ SXGA HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDMI using the optional HDBaseT when VESA CVT-RB (Reduced This EB-Z11005/EB-Z11000/EB-Z9870. input.
EB-Z9870 EB-Z11005 EB-Z11000 EB-Z9800W EB-Z9900W EB-Z11000W EB-Z9750U EB-Z9875U EB-Z9870U EB-Z10005U EB-Z10000U Product Specifications Specifications XGA (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) WUXGA (W) (H) LCD (W) (H) (D) including section) Polysilicon TFT active of of of of UHE 380W ELPLP81 Normal UHE 304W ELPLP83 3.8A AC 4.9A AC 3.8A AC 4.4A AC 4.9V AC AC AC AC
tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion 120V Specifications tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion tion On): tion 240V At of to the operating to +50C when to ECO or Interlock and to +45C when to At of to the operating to +45C when to ECO or Interlock and to +40C when to using throw ELPLU02, than of the displayed correctly. The when ELPLS04 attached. The throw ELPLR04 Normal Normal Approx. Approx. to +50C to +60C to
EB-Z9870 EB-Z11005 EB-Z11000 EB-Z9800W EB-Z9900W EB-Z11000W EB-Z9750U EB-Z9875U EB-Z9870U EB-Z10005U EB-Z10000U Product input tors Specifications HDMI HDCP HDMI input DIN input 5BNC BNC input 1BNC input DVI-D HDCP DVI-D input 1BNC SDI input RS-232C USB B) Service (3.5) Remote RJ-45 HDBaseT RJ-45 LAN USB A) wireless LAN USB USB supported. USB to that USB. This IT with phase-to-phase 230V.
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to instructions, interference to there that interference off and the to to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to the the authority to the to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H606C/H607C/H608C/H609C/H610C/H611C/ H615C/H616C LCD of Product: EPSON
This with of the FCC Operation to interference, and this interference received, the following this including interference that operation. FCC Specifications
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section the that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without The ratio and its with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The relative of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP and international that and DICOM The the Communicates such as HD and 100BASE-TX Ethernet LAN HDBaseT that the and This (router) to Gateway HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with updated or revised of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV wireless LAN which through information to other from the top of the and to the to displayed other to connected to IP
information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate Interface. The with SD-SDI HD-SDI (High Definition), and 3G-SDI (3G Definition) SDI Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless with the SSID. SSID The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the and interference This that the of the from the IP The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations rights of this reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or or mechanical, from the of the information Notes Furthermore, the collective to and and of XP", and this the operating to as to with the to XP, Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the or or related to please this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this only to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of
OS OS OS OS OS OS OS Notes this the operating to as OS OS OS OS "OS "OS and "OS Furthermore, the "OS X" to to them Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other EPSON and ELPLP or of the SEIKO EPSON and OSX of Apple Inc. CORPORATION. and Copyrights or the United States and/or other HDBaseT and the of the HDBaseT of their respective owners. and rights those Other only and countries and areas. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or WPA and WPA2 of of HDMI Licensing LLC. and of and XTP of Inc. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights