Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates procedures which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the and the
cool easy to easy height with functions the used. the below of the functions each of Functions Connecting with USB and (USB from connecting the USB with USB without EB-1750 EB-1760W EB-1770W EB-1775W Function HDMI USB the to the Screen (EB-1775W only) the button, the to the correcting USB Correction WXGA Wireless LAN "Automatically to the Screen (EB-1775W only)" and Projection, and Network The USB as option. The LAN as option. Slideshow The lightweight allows to easily Turn the and off or from from office.
Connecting to wireless LAN and from the (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) Detecting and correcting or optional Wireless LAN Network and the Network Projection wirelessly the "Correcting (EB-1775W only)" This corrects and which when positioning or the Automatically corrects and EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750 EB-1775W Connecting and wirelessly with Wireless (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) USB the the wireless connecting the or optional the and Wireless USB to and from the Functions the of Presentations "Correcting (EB-1770W/EB-1760W/ EB-1750 only)" Automatically corrects You the to operations such as of the You the as or as the the of the Function Increasing (WXGA) (EB-1775W/ EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) 16:10(WXGA) 4:3(XGA) increasing the of and text that the of the Aspect the Remote to the of the
the of the or optional Wireless LAN Function Wireless LAN (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) of the features this of EB-1775W otherwise mentioned. and Functions and this cover to the wireless the or optional LAN Press the foot to and the front foot. the Foot the to and the A/V A/V (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) Wireless LAN C EB-1770W EB-1760W EB-1750 such as the foot to the the of the foot when using the to the closing the and the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V sound. A/V when the corrects the (EB-1775W only) to the internally. "Cleaning the from the Remote "Reading the Indicators" Indicates the back to cool the internally. Function the the "Correcting the the (EB-1770W/EB-1760W/ EB-1750 only) near the and that become or heat While or the
Rear Function the and Functions Function when the the cover USB and the the the to the with USB USB from and from other C from the to the "From to Projection" the optional (ELPDC06). the to the the to the USB to the Wireless function. USB memory or to Without (Slideshow)" Converter (.FSE and .SIT). The Slideshow. USB A) and computers. This from HDMI "Connecting with HDCP (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) HDMI
to output from the Function and Functions The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security "Remote operating from the Remote Screw to the cover Fixing Screw the optional plate when the from the Function (three mount fixing such as to and the to the Rear "Optional Accessories"
such as the foot to the the of the foot C Function and Functions Screw to the wireless LAN cover. (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) Screw the wireless LAN cover "From to Projection" Turns the or off. Function the that fits the "Automatically to the Screen (EB-1775W only)" (EB-1775W only) to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" This when the from [Source Search] C displayed, and the selection and If of the or the Tracking the and to the to the
Remote "Correcting correction. buttons Function and Functions displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the and the which shows to with they the the If when the displayed, the to the displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the "Correcting correction. buttons the function. and the the "Correcting the the (EB-1775W only) the
such as when the to the the function (Wireless the following Function buttons [Down] "From to Projection" the or off. Function and Functions (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) these displays the or Slideshow, "Projecting with USB using USB the the input from the and the HDMI (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only). C the that fits the "Automatically to the Screen (EB-1775W only)" (EB-1775W only) to from the [Computer] the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and or reduces the without the of the and the the buttons buttons from the (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ this to Network EB-1760W only) the from or when EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750, this function the pressed. this to and the the ID" ID. buttons Protect" displays the previous/next rotates the and Slideshow, these buttons "Slideshow operating the of the that pushed. Wireless function, the the Remote to the (Wireless If of Tracking the and to the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V the or The aspect ratio each the pressed. the Aspect [Aspect]
items, and to this selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to Select item from the the the assigned item one-touch Function displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the Function and Functions EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750, this the (EB-1775W only) function the pressed. "Correcting the assigned as the buttons If when the displayed, the to the Acts as when using the Wireless the Remote to the function. the function. optional Wireless USB this to the with Network Projection. projecting using the or switches to that (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) [LAN] from the connected to the USB Each the pressed, through the following USB [USB] Acts as right when the the Remote to the function. the Decreases the Increases the buttons to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" Remote light- [Source Search] and the which shows to with they the this and the buttons to Protect" and numbers. Function the on-screen Each the pressed, the "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting this and the buttons to the ID" the ID. [ID]
the of the and the to the the If the of the or that the other the AA or AA or ready. You becoming this them with the and Functions Press the cover clicks the cover. the following the batteries. Instructions Attention Remote operating While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the with
the This chapter to the and
of when the If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This serious to the mount the screws from and or and from mount). If correctly, the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the and the causing and injury. Warning the to the of the location. The the following four the (Rear from tion) from front of the the its This malfunctions to the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling front of and from the from the optional mount and plate when the from "Optional Accessories" You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling or from the Projection the that to the
EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W If the to the the the following information correcting the "Automatically to the Screen (EB-1775W only)" "Correcting Distortion" EB-1750 the the following the horizontally. the the the right to the to the The the shortest the from the to the the following information the Screen and and Projection the reduced.
This section of to the and the this section of EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W. The location, and the connected. Connecting the to the input using the To from the to To from the using of the following the the USB Connecting the computer's HDMI to the HDMI HDMI the USB to the USB B) using the USB using HDMI C the to USB from the This function USB with USB
To from DVD players or VHS and to the of the following Connecting Sources Connecting the the to the input To from the to the the to the input using the optional To from the to using HDMI C the optional "Optional Accessories" the HDMI the to the HDMI using HDMI If the or of the to force The or malfunction. If the input when to the malfunction. If the to to the with the or optional to to the
You such as USB memory, the optional and USB and Connecting USB Devices Connecting the USB with the USB the USB to the USB A) the USB the USB connected, the USB memory or Slideshow. If the connected while another the [USB] the or the [Source Search] the to switch to from the If USB the correctly. Devices such as and USB should connected to the directly. and the AC with the or to the USB with or specified with the USB than length. If the Slideshow function correctly. and the Projected (Source Search)" "Slideshow Attention
finishing projecting, USB from the such as or off the and then from the Connecting Removing USB
This chapter to and
used. the with the The the This section the the to with the and projecting From to Projection If the projected, the of the following "Automatically and the Projected Press the [Source Search] the or the (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote Press the the the "Automatically to the (EB-1775W only)" the the necessary. "Correcting Distortion" "Correcting the the to outlet with the the to the with the the A/V Turn Turn the the (function and the to the from the the
or connected, the [Source Search] the projected. LAN (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) Projecting connected, this operation. currently or when found. You the where the to connected. If about The following when the that the seconds, the Press the [Source Search] to from the currently only from projected, the the the EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W HDMI (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) C USB USB
You the USB to the to to from the Projecting with USB Switching to the Remote You directly to the the following buttons the To USB USB to USB from the USB Remote The following operating Service or XP Service or Service XP OS from the to the USB Each the pressed, through the following C USB the pressed, through the following HDMI (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) to from the of than and higher than or Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or MB or Amount of Memory this switches to that (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W the or optional Wireless USB to the with Network Projection. only)
The first the and the using the USB the to The and OS. Connecting the first OS or OS OS Projecting OS You to the the from the input to USB of than and higher than or Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU MB or MB or Amount of Memory projected, the as and the USB or turn off the to the It while projected. the displayed, using EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. projected. the USB there to the USB when finished.
If the USB If from the USB the the EPSON PJ_UD USB USB when If there USB the USB USB If nothing reason, the from the Applications the the USB If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing reason, EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB Projecting authority, displayed and to the and then to to the software. this or the the following Click and EPSON USB Applications USB USB Double-click and then the OS Uninstalling The of USB displayed the USB Double-click the Follow the on-screen instructions to OS the authority and the installation. the the USB the and projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. the displayed, projected. USB Select from the the or and then the USB
corrected properly. Correct the manually. function the from If the the Correct the manually. Automatically to the (EB-1775W only) Press the the or the the the function that corrects the that the the or the the to the and correction with the (outer of the white board, and and automatically. The following to the than or to Correction right and and and to
Once the appears, the or the The corrected properly. the that the than the as shown below. the the of the Projected the correction the following appears. To the correction the the or the to clear the To the corrected, the the the from the to Corner this, correction of the If the about seconds. the appears, the corrected to the aspect ratio of the input. the to its the If the within the further from the Press the or the buttons the the "Correcting manually Corner the Corner function.
Manually the and Correcting manually when or the of the the and with the corrections the top and corrects the when Projected or the of light. this the such as with lights turned off. this and "Correcting manually the and then properly the of the manually. Manually the four corners Correcting manually Corner) Correcting (EB-1775W only) the reduced. You of the following (EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750 only) Automatically (EB-1775W only) Correcting Correcting Distortion the when installed, repositioned, or corrects and This function H/V-
the about seconds displays and then corrects the If to the function, to when to from the buttons the Press the Correcting corrected automatically. If to the EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750, the Correcting (EB-1770W/ EB-1760W/EB-1750 only) You from the independently. correction Manually the and buttons the Press the Correcting manually Correcting This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Correcting manually Corner
Press the while the the the the and or the buttons the and the the to correct, and then the Select from Corner Select and then the
to On the to correction?" displayed this function, the from Corner to which when the (EB-1775W only) the and or the buttons the and the Projected If the about seconds while correcting with Corner, the following displayed. the and the If the the the as shown the screenshot below, the further that the of the corner. Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner and as to corners. Turn the to the of the the the to the correction selection from when the Corner to the the and to to and and correction the buttons the
and the to the the You the of the following Correcting the the foot. the foot. Press the foot to and the front foot. You the of the the to the Press the the or the to the (EB-1775W only) The the of the becomes to the that only to
the from the Turn the to the (EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750 only) Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting of hearing. the off, that and then increase the high You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. bright This the brightest and tones Application Press the buttons the to the You the of the following the bright such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports tone. Theatre Decreases the Increases the Remote that to the
the to the of the and Iris tint, when this Blackboard Application Projected the the the Press the USB USB, or LAN. the used, This selection when the input or This selection only when the input RGB or when the supported.) when the whiteboard. Whiteboard Select to the C and the of the Customized Iris Select from the the displayed the and the Remote You from the Press the to The each Select On
the aspect ratio EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Iris only when the Theatre or Projected the pressed, the aspect ratio the of Normal Native or and the aspect ratio when that recorded or the aspect ratio when connected that Aspect the currently projected. the Aspect Ratio The and the of Aspect as follows. the [Aspect] the Aspect the and the aspect Normal or Native C EB-1750 Remote Each the pressed, the aspect ratio the of Normal and You the aspect ratio from the Aspect
Normal C input, the (the off the right and
the aspect ratio EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Native Aspect Ratio Normal Native Each the pressed, the aspect ratio the of or and Aspect XGA when the HDMI. WXGA EB-1750 Normal Aspect Ratio Aspect Each the pressed, the aspect ratio the Normal and XGA
Normal Aspect Ratio Aspect If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the WXGA
Functions This chapter and the Security
with than Notes connecting USB such as USB memory or USB to the the the without This function Slideshow. Projecting Without (Slideshow) Projection Functions to this using simplified of the converted. to this and then them to the USB to the You with USB and the You to USB that incorporate You while Slideshow, security and The that the AC with the Format the FAT16/32. Slideshow buttons the and the Specifications that Slideshow Notes USB to the characteristics of JPEG with than clearly the ratio The following CMYK too high. with than "Projecting (Slideshow)" the selected with animated than
JPEG displayed as as (FSE and SIT as thumbnails as the first the Functions PPT Other or as as shown the following BMP FSE the following information to using USB displayed as thumbnail, displayed as PNG GIF JPEG SIT Although the following based the the operations from the Slideshow operating the USB or to the "Switching to the Remote the to USB. "Connecting USB Devices" Starting Slideshow Slideshow and the displayed.
played back You memory USB and then If the following (Select displayed, the with the highest other input If to the to the from back, the the USB with the Functions buttons to the and to and then the If of the and displayed the Next the the of the the [Down] the or and the To to the previous the the Previous or the the top of the and the displayed. To to the previous the selected, the the selected to Top and the The selected displayed. Press the button. the top of the and then the To the Select the Select You the played The rotating function Slideshow. or Slideshow. buttons to the and the or to Projecting
buttons to the and Press the to or While the Projection Functions Press the button. The displayed. To Slideshow, the USB from the USB the and off the to the and then Slideshow buttons to to the or previous Press the the USB while accessed. Slideshow. the selected Press the to to the The displayed. "Starting Slideshow" Slideshow.
Switching Option If the to automatically when Slideshow. Press the You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. (Slideshow) Projection Functions the or the [Down] the to to the The displayed. Slideshow. Switching from Option Slideshow to other than To when Slideshow, The seconds. Slideshow. buttons to the and Press the to playback. Slideshow" Press the Playback the the Slideshow that to and the Slideshow Select the right of the and then the button. to the the The displayed. "Starting Slideshow" switching FSE Slideshow and the the from the when Continuous On automatically. If to the Option the projected, the displayed reaches the and Slideshow operation You to the to the previous or while Slideshow.
The following when or with Slideshow. the Next or C Previous Next Projection Functions and Slideshow the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V of the Previous or You the and Slideshow operations the Option buttons to the Press the the where to and the Select Option from the displayed, then the Previous Next SIT the following Option displayed, each of the items. positioning the the item and the The following shows the each when the The to the selecting and selecting and the the playback
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Functions You this when to the what or to such as when from Each the [A/V or the A/V or off. You to the or You the to displayed Slideshow. You to Seconds. You to the Ascending or Sort You whether to the Slideshow. Switch OK buttons to the and You the when finished the and If to apply the the and the The applied.
to from the If the while the or the displayed, the or the that the to back while the while used. where the closed. If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. Projection Functions Function You the screen when the [A/V A/V from the the A/V closed approximately activates and the turned off. If to to This allows to the and to the about. activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated The A/V the hours to the the the appears or Remote the Each the or off. Remote
This when to to them such as and of the the Projection Functions with the Press the to the Remote You to the of the buttons, the and
The ratio appears the The selected to to to the of the that to the Projection Functions the to the (Wireless If selected, and Reduction the buttons to the and This only when the or HDMI (EB-1775W/ EB-1770W/EB-1760W only). the USB of and the USB the connected with the USB the to the computer's "Connecting Computer" with the Expands the each pressed. You that button: holding the buttons, the and USB 21L To the Wireless function, to USB USB to the The following operating with Wireless USB
and the While holding the and OS OS OS OS OS 98SE XP OS Functions to the [Down] to the Release the to the location. buttons. It to the function of the operating Once the the operated as follows. buttons: the the button: click. Press Right click. to clicks
You ID the within of to The The following shows the of ID and ID. buttons, the and with the Projection Functions the with the therefore The ID and the ID Remote ID: ID: Combinations tion If the to the the operation of the buttons reversed. The function while the following While the While While the Source While the function While function While displayed While While USB operated While While While sound While switching input used. the ID the ID of with the ID: ID: the the ID with of the ID Remote ID: ID: the with the match, therefore ID The ID and the ID: ID: Not ID the and the the to the with matching ID. This when You ID the within of to The the ID and the Remote
Choose the ID to and the Press the while Projection Functions the ID the the the the ID the each switch the (that the with the the the ID to of the ID). Press the to the ID Select ID from
Correcting when Projecting from the the of the and the [ID] the the It about three the [ID] the ID seconds. Projection Functions the brightness and tone of each with that the of from each and match closely. the brightness and tone match completely correction. Remote and to the following to that the to ID the then the ID the the ID and the Remote the ID and the ID. Summary of correction While holding the [ID] the that matches the ID of the to You correction when from You from to white to and You the to them each of these the following Correct the Correcting brightness You the that they match closely. Correcting Once this the that operated the the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Correcting off the the ID to (that the with the of the ID).
to the to the correction and corrections displayed the and the the to the the to the each the the the from brightest from from the the Press the Projection Functions the Correct. (G/R) and Correct. (B/Y) Select from corrections finished, the to to corrections finished. You correcting from Each selected, the of the selected or correcting to or to displayed. Select the to corrected Correct the brightness with Brightness Correct
Protect from Protect to On displayed and the You Protect)" Protect to You the that currently as Functions the "Choose this as the displayed, If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the to as the and then the Once the to the factory the the to the of the to as the You the operations from the the the or the the the to match the of the the the Select from
Select the factor from the Remote Functions You The the the "Completed." displayed. the seconds. the or connected the while otherwise malfunctions the this as the displayed, the and the "Select this displayed,
to the the of the Protect On to the following the prohibited. Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Background Screen A/V or from Network Protect On Network to the "Network (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only)" Network Protect (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) prohibited. You people the the without "Restricting The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the about seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Protect activated, people who the the to the At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as anti-theft as the Protect activated. Protect) The Protect displayed. Remote On Protect On to On). If the the and turned (this to Direct On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
While holding the four using the buttons. The displayed as the fourth the displayed. If Protect already activated, the If the correctly, the Protect the displayed. Security Functions If the incorrectly, displayed prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the Select the type of Protect to and then the the the the as further theft the displayed, the the buttons the the While holding the the the buttons. Press the the displayed On Select and then the the the the displayed, and this to If the then the button. The to Select and then the
This or shows when to buttons or when to operation. The operated the the Protect temporarily released. Security Functions the the Press the while projecting. the "The operation locked." and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the that appears the and the If the of the the Select from If to the and input the "The thirty the following displayed and the operation locked." as of the following to the buttons the of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. Restricting Select or to of the buttons the the locked.
anti-theft the with security with the Security Anti-Theft Security Functions the following the Security The buttons to the chose. Select when the displayed. You release the of the following Press and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. from
This chapter to the and its
Select Although the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Top items the and the and Table of Functions and Corner and Normal, and Native Aspect and and Theatre, Whiteboard, and Customized Blackboard, Top to Brightness to Front/Rear, and Info, and and A/V Background, Normal and ECO to 5000K to 10000K G: to R: to B: to to to to Sharpness and High Cover Direct On, Rear, and Rear/Ceiling Projection On and Communication Down, and Right and and Normal to Tracking On and Iris On and to USB and 21L USB and to ID On and 21L Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and NR1, and NR2 Reduction
Top and Correct., Correct. (G/R), Brightness and Correct. (B/Y) Top of Functions DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP WEP, WPA-PSK, and WPA2-PSK Security and Wireless LAN On and SSID On and SSID On and IP SSID Security or Hours Source Info and WEP Encryption ASCII and HEX Format ID cryption Encryp tion and Encryp Encryption tion Refresh Rate Info ID and Shared Authentication On and PSK SMTP and The of the where the purchased. Top Network (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) On and SNMP On and AMX Discovery Trap IP and Trap IP Others and Advanced On and On and Wireless LAN LAN
Function You the sharpness. Sharpness items the and currently projected. each of Functions You the of the You tints when high selected and tinted when (This item selected to from to K. The tinted selected. to other than Brightness You the and C (red) and (This item selected to Red, You the and Customized to (yellow) individually. individually. "Automatically and the (Source Search)" to On to the to the light (This item to The each Iris" Theatre or projected. Iris You the to their the following to items to their You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting You the light and the You the brightness. Brightness Function when NTSC input You the tint. You the the
You when or interference appear the Function items the and currently projected. each of Functions You the and right when of the that the whole projected. RGB with input. (This only when or This when RGB input.) to (IP with amount of CG, and animation. "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" You the when the USB USB, or LAN. (This when RGB input, or when Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as displayed when to Reduction the HDMI to DVD player, the to the DVD player's If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected You the input from the the connected EB-1760W only) (EB-1775W/ EB-1770W/ HDMI to On to the to the when the input to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to or to Normal or the connected Function You the input from the If this to automatically. If interference when to the appears the or such as the connected You when appear the Tracking
You the aspect ratio the Aspect Aspect Function of Functions You the to or the HDMI, selected, to or to the input this when the HDMI of the connected the ratio (the of the (This when RGB input.) connected to the HDMI You the to their the following to items to their
You the of the Function of Functions Select ECO the too bright, such as when or ECO selected, the as follows, and reduced. You the brightness to of about the Remote to the (Wireless tion If to operations from the the the or the least seconds to the to its to operations from the You the reception of the operation from the Remote You the each "Correcting and to and On to You selected: Correcting (EB-1775W only)" Correcting manually Function You and assign item from the You of the following items allowing to one-touch to Info with the Pressing the directly displays the assigned item selection/ and to the EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750, Select and the four of the "Correcting manually Corner Corner selected: to On You this to of the "Restricting
to the following items Background You the background to Black or when A/V You the displayed when the [A/V to Black You related to the or aspect when input; such as the High to On to the The of the selection when the when or displayed. Warning. Function To the the the You to the without other when the While the displayed, or the and Function of Functions You the to their the following to items to their background Background, A/V and You the that as the [A/V the about You the as follows Select from of the following Rear Rear/Ceiling and the Rear Rear/Ceiling seconds.
the ID the to and the ID" that ID ID Function the that the the the off the A/V High to On when the to On such as when input and Cover to On this off the Direct On to On to the to On this within of to This to On of operations restored. closed. Function of Functions when and You from to white to and each of these Brightness Correct. You the the You the and brightness of each Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You Brightness Correct. and Correct. "Correcting when from the the of each of each Projectors" the following to items to their You the and from the to their You the and while the when this to You and the of the You and functions Communication On (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W the SNMP or the Software" software. only) Protect to On Protect related to You Protect)" Protect to High USB to when the and 21L to to the the to the connected USB and with USB (Wireless projected. USB to On to the 21L software. 21L
LAN Security Others and The following Network items. Function Network Network (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) of Functions information the LAN used. or the the the of connected to the functions and the This to such as security function You easily text displayed and the Network Protect Network Protect On Protect to to and then the Protect" Notes operating the Network Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the to the and or or to the the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. LAN
the and the Network the and the Network of Functions this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of alphanumerics buttons the or and the buttons the to the and the the Network Soft operations to the and then the to the character. holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to input. Each the CAPS selected and the pressed, Each the SYM1/2 selected and the pressed, and the the section the and and
to On to the when try to the to from Network Projection from other computers. Normally this should to On Function of Functions the to the when editing, to connected to characters. Function to when and the allows to and the the than characters. function that connected You to characters. to when the software.
the Wireless LAN to or This to Function Wireless LAN LAN of Functions On to to reduce the search when to to when to the using from This to On SSID SSID the wireless LAN You to characters. which the the SSID. SSID SSID DHCP to On to using DHCP If this You from to each field of the the following IP used. You input the the You from to each field of the Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each of the the following IP You input the IP assigned to the to (where the following used. to On You from to IP Turn On when the to the If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. On This to wireless LAN. Function Wireless LAN to (where from to used. the following the when using Network to the and Network Projection This to To the SSID from the LAN this to SSID To the IP from the LAN this to IP Select the the wireless LAN from (This to This to or
You the WEP the characters following instructions from the the WEP Encryption and Format The type and of characters that ASCII characters. ASCII characters. the which the HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters Function 1/Encryption 2/Encryption 3/Encryption Encryption when the or optional LAN of Functions Security authentication. Shared authentication. the WEP authentication type. Authentication characters. least and to characters. You Pre-Shared (encrypted WPA-PSK WPA2-PSK (This only when or Security selected from PSK of security Function Advanced strongly recommended that the or optional wireless LAN and security. Select of the following security encrypted with (WEP This the encrypted the and the match. WEP of the about to access. Security, follow the instructions from the Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security You the input the WEP HEX HEX ASCII Format You the WEP encoding. encoding. WEP Encryption Selects the WEP ID ID
authentication or authenticating This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA and without This WPA includes authentication WPA authentication the without this TKIP and AES. WPA of Functions follow the from the of
You to characters You the or to about notifying that or occurred. You to. You to three You input the of the to the to the specified the selected or warning the items from the items. the Function and this or the of Functions the Function to Others to On to to the when or warning with You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP Function To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the SNMP. The SNMP Function You input the the SMTP The You input to
You from to used. to (where each field of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to Function of Functions Trap IP 1/Trap IP Discovery this to connected to from AMX or AMX Discovery. when to allow the to AMX On the connected to this to AMX covery of the To of the Network Function
You the the Function the of the and the of the Items that displayed the currently the used, input supported. Info Only) of Functions This information about that occurred the This information service required. This information service required. You the information. Info the You the refresh Refresh Rate "Automatically and the (Source Search)" The as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and "About ID (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W the Only)" EB-1760W only) (EB-1775W/ EB-1770W/ ID reaches the the characters You the operating displayed yellow. Hours You the the currently projected. Source Function You the of the to the You the
You items the to their items Network The following items to their and Function of Functions Clears the hours when the (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) Hours
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the Confirm the selection. If with the the displayed to the You the the and displayed as shown the below. the the The displayed. Press the Press the to the Select the following the function to the the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. the following the clearly what the might The with the following three that the operating of the the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. The warm-up. Warming the this or cool buttons while the flashing. Indicates the operating Indicates the C Indicates the
If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they to the Flashing Stop using the the from the and or the the when the the this or Stop the the from the and or the the The off and about about the switches to that the and clear, and that the the following High (overheating) "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or If the the the the from the and or the the of or High to On the and cracked. the the following "Cleaning the Clean the
If the Stop the the from the and or the If the the with and then turn the If cracked the and the the or If cracked or the the the replaced.) High On of or to Stop the the from the and or the the Iris that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warning "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as the following the operating properly, though the showing the the with If the shown this the the from the and or the the
to the and the (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) If of the following and the offer to the each the Projection the completely or the completely appear from appear Moving and nothing projected. to The "Not supported" displayed The Interference or appear The or or the aspect ratio of the displayed, or the height and of the correct. appear The The whole appears purplish or white, or appear right when sound heard or the sound The Other
to The connected correctly or supplied. the correctly. "From to Projection" the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to the the appear Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? USB USB USB to USB the A/V the A/V closed? of the the correct? displayed using USB or the when USB or that the USB connected correctly. connected or connected properly. when USB the USB connected correctly? the to the the connected when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when Applications using the DirectX function correctly. when USB or the DirectX function displayed?
(only the the from the to only. or the the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Press the to the If to the to Operation On to the to the the connected when from the correct? The supported" displayed to the to the and the refresh from Displays" the the and the refresh to the when The displayed the the [Source Search] the or the "Automatically and the (Source Search)" the selected? that the securely connected. "From to Projection" the correctly? Turn the the the the or turned
the to as as the when If the while the of the or already the (Function that the to Turn the the and the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory "From to Projection" off and then back when from or the to the with built-in LCD Computer's of or the to or the than approximately to from the If the further than this, manually the the the and the EB-1775W) If the with this off, manually the "Correcting manually to On to (EB-1775W only) the the (EB-1775W only) or (EB-1770W/EB-1760W/EB-1750 only). "Correcting the the correctly? the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too of the recommended and within the the the If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the
Interference or appear If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB Click and then clear layered the checkbox. when using USB selected? If the correctly Press the the or the the to from the Tracking the and Tracking correctly? when Computer's the to the the connected projected? when Press the the to of the the The or or the aspect of the projected. If the correctly from other while from the Press the the or the button the to from the the correctly?
If activated the of the about of the the To the the off the when the the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's right the following to the the connected from connected to the the input match the from the connected the Brightness from the Brightness the brightness correctly? from to the the and from the the and correctly? when from that the securely connected. "Connecting the correctly? the from the the correctly? the from the the correctly?
appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the to the the Brightness and from the Brightness the brightness correctly? the from the the correctly? Press the to the the when The There the or the the If this the using the the from the and or the the the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or supplied. and then the "From to Projection" the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the the If to the to the to Remote the from the Remote the the selected?
Other the from the and then the that the securely attached to both the and the that sound heard. the to the the sound heard or the sound Click EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB and then from the from the selected? when using USB If when connecting HDMI the connected to PCM (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) connected with HDMI using the Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? The operating the about operating the too from the the the receiver. "Remote operating the light-emitting the the operation? The the location where light the receiver. the to from Remote the Remote sunlight or light from the receiver? the Remote from the Remote the the Remote selected?
the correctly or the with necessary. the the or the correctly? the ID the to and the ID the match. To of the ID the ID to the ID" the ID and the ID matched? to the and Communication On To the function when the from the Communication On to the (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) the from the the If the or the the the to abnormality and the to to the the correctly. function correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the
This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to
the with or the to shocks, as easily become You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. "The overheating. nothing the and or the Cleaning the If the the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the Clean the it with cloth. Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. The of the or become such as or thinner to the cloth cleaning to the that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the Cleaning the Warning
If displayed, cleaning, to the with the Cleaning three months. Clean them than this using the It recommended that these least once every
The flashes This section to the and the The the displayed the of the when It to the when: the The or to The displayed seconds. to the brightness and of the The to appear the following operating life: about hours If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the become or the warning
The when the from to the Then the cover straight and to that the If the of which the should that the cracked, and should to the of the cover, or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or the there the cover gently. Warning cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the the fixing the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver with the or head screwdriver. turn off the and the the
the the the that fits, and Press the PUSH to the the the fixing and the and right clicks If the cracked, or the the the and the
the the as shown the below, and the cover. Tighten the fixing screw. the cover. The displayed though the cleaned. There tear the It to the when: to the The when the from the the of the and straight off the and the the the the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. cover correctly, the of with The records the turned and and when to the the the from the the hours the indicated correctly. the Hours the replaced.
the clicks the of the ether and resin of properly with of the
(EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) Network Projection Software the following without the the from the You the using the Network from the the the network allows to from from the This only using wireless LAN the and them from the of (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) Converter Operation "Slideshow operating You from the following Network the following the to that played directly from the the to USB the USB connected to the Slideshow Converter
when connecting the to wirelessly and Wireless LAN ELPAP07 (EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) purchase these products as and when The following of optional to without and The following optional and Please and as of: of the country of purchase. Optional and when to establish one-to-one the and with Wireless USB ELPAP08 (EB-1775W/ EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) when the high ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount that easily. (aspect ratio ELPSC06 Optional to the from or the the when attaching the mount to the when the ELPPT01 plate ELPKC02 (aspect ratio roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 ELPSC30 ELPSC31 as as ELPLP65 ELPAF31 of these the with the too This the as the with the ELPKC09 Computer ELPKC10 when such as OHP or ELPKC19 to ELPDC06
The items each the as the and (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) Items that only with the screen SNMP Community the of connected to the allows to and operations remotely. the characters and the This function the Microsoft or as the You OS. the IP of the the input of the and the the If to the displayed. To to that the following to the the the the items that the The reflected the There items that only the On If to the to and the (when the off). the Network from the the displayed. The displayed. Items the that the High Cover and Hours The Remote function allows to operations with the the Remote
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V Function and (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) Click Remote Changes such as when the Remote to the using the function (Wireless the following (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) "Projecting with USB USB buttons [Down] The displayed. to the input that "Automatically and the (Source Search)" optional Wireless USB this "Switching to the Remote to the with Network Projection. using the or switches to that (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) [LAN] these displays the previous/next or using Slideshow, [Source Search] "Switching to the Remote the pressed, through the from the connected to the USB following USB [USB] to from the [Computer] "From to Projection" the or off. Function the Decreases the Increases the buttons Each the the input from the and the HDMI (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only). C the or unpaused.
or appears the of the High-speed cooling related Iris "Reading the Indicators" and (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) the Function to Notification, to the when or warning with This the to of with locations from the to of three and to three once. Network with occurred SNMP to notifying If and of the Communication On If to the (when the off). when or warning This the to of with locations from the SNMP On to to SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function SNMP wireless the SNMP to IP who with the LAN Network Others SNMP the function to On and or the the following The where the occurred Reading Subject: EPSON The following to the of the the following to with or The IP the where the occurred. and of the
If the terminates abnormally, and input, the the and and then the command. and (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) the and the with USB and then the You and the from USB. commands (ESC/VP21 commands). ESC/VP21 Commands Command Item SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF To and the ESC/VP21 commands, the following SOURCE HDMI (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W only) SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) the USB (EPSON USB-COM to information about the EPSON USB-COM or the the USB 21L to from the (CR) to the of each command and MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL the USB to the USB B) with USB from from the USB 21L 21L On to length: Parity: the ON to the the and warm-up the Command
and (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) Flow
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) the and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the and then the Network unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network Projection. the occurred the 04FF from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If using DHCP, LAN IP off the DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network Projection the Other information. disconnected because the connected to unauthorized Check that the wireless LAN security correct. Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match.
"Product information 1770W/EB-C300MN/EB-C3010WN 1760W/EB-C260MN 1775W/EB-C300MS About (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W Only) Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the URL: Non-compatible commands and Command Function Command Source AVMT AVMT INPT INPT INPT HDMI INPT USB INPT LAN INPT USB displayed information EPSON
to Projection EB-1775W/EB-1770W/ EB-1760W) and Projection Unit: to Unit: from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to Screen
Projection EB-1750) Unit: to and Projection Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from of C Screen
to and Projection Unit: to
Refresh Rate Supported Supported HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SXGA+ WSXGA+ WXGA+ SXGA from the HDMI (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only) Refresh Rate VGA SVGA UXGA MAC19" MAC21" MAC13" MAC16" SXGA+ SXGA XGA WXGA when other than those input, that the supported. when selected as the from the (EB-1775W/EB-1770W/EB-1760W only)
Refresh Rate UXGA Supported HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV
EB-1750 EB-1760W EB-1770W EB-1775W Product Specifications Specifications XGA (W) (H) WXGA (H) LCD (W) (H) (D) including section) TFT active UHE ELPLP65 UHE ELPLP65 UHE ELPLP65 to AC to to AC to to AC to supply to (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): to On): to to +60C to +35C to
Specifications EB-1750 EB-1760W EB-1770W EB-1775W Product HDMI PCM) HDMI USB A) USB USB B) USB RCA Con tors USB A) LAN USB Supports USB USB to that USB.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Personal Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the reception. there that interference If this interference to off and the user to to the instructions, interference to or and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H361C/H362C/H363C/H372C of Product: EPSON
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section the that the of this to other publications. AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The ratio and its with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or that the and The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to to DHCP HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with updated or revised of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) to Gateway information to every other from the top of the and to the to displayed every other information to screen the though the of the the amount of the of information with Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV to connected to IP Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP
operating (OS) and the If the both the and the international that that that easily to SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless with matching SSID. SSID The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference This that the of the from the IP that the (Y) and (C). with of SXGA with of SVGA The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of XGA with of VGA
and and of to with the rights of this publication reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or transmitted or mechanical, from the of the information contained Notes this the operating to as OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. OS OS OS OS Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. or of Microsoft Corporation the Microsoft, NT, and HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International WPA and WPA2 of Macintosh, OS, and of Apple Inc. United States and/or other countries. Corporation. Notice: from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the Other and or already of their respective owners. and rights those the United States of America and other countries and areas. of HDMI Licensing LLC. Microsoft XP Edition operating Microsoft XP Professional operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights this the operating to as Furthermore, the to XP", and to XP,
freedom to and free software--to the software its software and to other whose authors to using other to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of these rights or to to the rights. These to of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. that there warranty this software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that the GNU to users. This to of the Software Foundation's of free software, to Software Foundation software covered the GNU The terms and copying, and follow. To rights, to that to The software to freedom to and Also, each author's protection and to that everyone of the software, or everyone's free or and that know these things. instead.) You apply to authors' their rights. This includes the software which apply PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU "EPSON the and the the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the If to the of the GPL please the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR of of this of GNU GPL Notes The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The GNU as follows. You the GNU EPSON The of GPL wireless_tools patches Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including warranty) and that users redistribute the such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the of the whole the terms of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the You and the (or based Section which distributed the terms of Sections and machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and copyright and that there warranty (or that Accompany with written offer, least three years, to the interactive normally Accompany with the machine-readable third party, charge than of physically written rather, the to the right to the these and the to of this (or with based the of or or the terms of Sections and the other the of this of or based the software or, software or, that of the following: every of who wrote This to or other which copyright that to containing the the Whether that what the You and of the as each copyright and of warranty; warranty; and other of the of this based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that You that or publish, that whole or another translation included without the You the physical of and Activities other than copying, and covered as whole to third the terms of this based the of or of or with and/or translated that conspicuously and You or of the or of this they its The of the The below, to such or the that to this and to the of the copyright distributed the terms of this and based the the or or from the or thereof, to restricted, and the from the covered its option offer warranty protection fee. Each as the and the of with the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION Notes
If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who those countries, that of protecting the integrity of the software the would other reason to this they from the of this If to the of software distributed through that to or willing to software through other or indirectly through then the both and this If the and/or of the restricted countries as to obligations this which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to or countries excluded. such this the this geographical would to from of the incorporates the as written the of this whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this Accompany with the information as to the offer to and the the to and of the and of the operating which If of or offering to from the counts as of the though third or the and terminate from this their terminated as such You to this However, Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or Each redistribute the (or based the the or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this then offering to the from to the that normally distributed or with the rights this who received or rights, associated interface this otherwise to These actions this the that the nothing to or the or its The the of the as the distributed include or with such offer, with Subsection from the to You or the as (This allowed to the with the based Notes to the to or The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to
If and to of the to the To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this This free software; redistribute and/or the write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or the to this to it free software which everyone of the GNU as published the Software to the and of what to Apply These Terms to New MA USA. Copyright (C) of author> redistribute and these terms. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS Each distinguishing If the of this which to and published the Software Foundation. If the write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the option of following the and of that or of the of the of of free If to incorporate of the other free whose specify of this choose software and of promoting the and of software published the Software Foundation. Notes If the interactive, this when information to and interactive BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY Copyright (C) of author The hypothetical commands and should the something other than and they mouse-clicks or You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the software, and to redistribute type with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This of the the commands items--whatever IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (which written Inc., copyright the
freedom to and software--to the software free its authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to or that the software and To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the library, whether or fee, to the and them rights with copyright the library, and To each to clear that there warranty author's affected that might introduced the GNU to the the rights that You that they, The software to freedom to and This the to specially to the that they them with the or the If other with the library, of free software, to freedom of of free software (and charge this service wish); that of and that that these the library. Also, the and the software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other should know that what they the that the offer this which to and/or to that the freedom to of the or based the below. Preamble these terms they know their rights. the library. others. things. users. to with the library. If this what If subroutine library, This incorporating to the GNU instead of this of of Notes This includes the software which apply the of the LGPL years the "EPSON the and the If to the of the LGPL please the the GNU or ("LGPL of of this of GNU LGPL PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR The of LGPL as follows and the of author The GNU as follows. You the GNU the of the LGPL SDL-1.2.13 LGPL Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE of this allowed. February [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the
the copyright or other authorized "library" of software and/or as to The "Library", below, to such software or which to library, the writing Whether that what the of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the This to software or other which associated interface the You charge fee the physical of and Activities other than copying, and covered containing the or of or with this they its The of the distributed these terms. based the Library" the based the of the of the the of this restricted, and from such covered its You and of the Library's with (which of those as that conspicuously and "Source the of the or copyright that to and/or translated another each copyright and translation included without the to and of the library. option offer warranty protection fee. "this as and what the that the and to Library. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the of free GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those with library, whether or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the this the because to the freedom than the ordinary It other free of library, that it becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the free to software only, the of people to of free software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the software of non-free These there to the The terms and copying, and follow. other to non-free restrictive from Therefore, that the reason the ordinary obtained of the with the and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. fits its of The the other with the library. combined with the to freedom of specified this free Notes based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these You or of the or of
instead of this to of the Library. To this, than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then This option when to of the of the Section or the terms of Sections and that with the which distributed the of Sections and If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this that of the (because of the the without the Library, or the library. The instead of to this (If You and the (or or of specify that instead wish.) other Once this that the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU ordinary GNU to and that the Library" with the that of of the Library, software to the with the the Library, and therefore the of this threshold this to precisely from that that library. these notices. You the to that You the whole of the to charge to third If facility the to function or of to function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to Subsection that function or These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and to that, the supply such this function optional: the supply the when the facility then that the facility, other than as written rather, the to the right to the that of the Therefore, the other the of this (or with based the Library) of or of or collective based the Library. function The software library. the and the of the of this every of who wrote Notes
offer to the specified that the already of these or that include and the from as the to distributed include and of the operating which that normally the operating You that based the and such combined library, that the of the with of the based the with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying You with, or the as It that this the of other that normally distributed or with the together with other covered this this otherwise to both them and the together the that the terminate rights this who the of the that the Library" with, or the and the based the and of the other otherwise If of the offering to from or rights, from this their Library, with other facilities. This terminated as such the terms of the Sections permitted, and that these things: of the already this user that from the Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to accessors, and and functions or length), the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that to the Sections or that You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, reference directing the to the of this Also, of the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the the the specified Subsection charge If such and with the Library, with the machine-readable the Library" with the to containing of the that the Library", as and/or that the already the rather than copying then the of the unrestricted, of whether Library, and that of choice, that the Accompany the with the machine-readable Section whether or they directly with the of the the customer's and containing this of the that of the shared with the Library. include the copyright the them, as as interface-compatible with the that the with. the to the than the of this such modifications. Section these things: Notes
If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who from to to the to or of this which to and specify choose published incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, of software and of promoting the and of software the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the those countries, that or distinguishing If the write to the Software Foundation; this. countries excluded. such this incorporates the The Software Foundation revised and/or of the If to incorporate of the other free whose the of the free of the this geographical as written the of this the Software Foundation. generally. You to this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based with or the to these terms and rights You third If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ of protecting the of the software other reason to this they from the of this If Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the These actions this to or willing to software through other to the of software distributed through that You further the of the the would nothing to or the or its from the to as to obligations this which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to to from of the Library. whole to apply other and that of the of this with this Notes PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY
You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of Coon, of That's there to IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Notes Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD This includes the software "University of BSD Software Distribution END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of BSD This from software contributed to terms of of each which of the Copyright The of the University of California. rights copyright to the BSD as follows. You redistribution these (or, alternatively, To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) If library, and to of the to the This software; redistribute and/or the free software that everyone redistribute and to the library's and of what to Apply These Terms to New the of the ordinary Copyright (C) of author> found. Redistributions of the copyright this of Redistribution and and with or without that the following and the following of and the following the and/or other Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without Redistributions the copyright this with the distribution. written This distributed the that it WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or MA USA Also information to and
You that wrote this software. If The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its accuracy, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated that "this software based the of the JPEG These apply to software from or based the IJG to NOT the of IJG author's or specifically and the of this software as the of of its copyright of CA. of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this acknowledge somewhere that the IJG If only distributed, then the accompanying products, that warranty or the to and this software (or or publicity relating to this software or products from This included this of L. of this software the software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". NOT covered the copyright and instead the responsibility the authors NO the library. If ought to acknowledge thereof) without fee, to these than the LIABILITY of accompanying its and as specified below. Group". (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT SUCH DAMAGE. Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG of of each which of the Group's software. of and the accompanying MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of README the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to it to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. that this software please You this software whatever You to English: LEGAL ISSUES know!)
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the and as with the following to the of There warranty that or the and the of satisfactory performance, and with and as with the following to the of through Copyright Distributed to the and as of or This with There warranty interference with of the or July through October Copyright through March Copyright If immediately following this and distributed to the and distributed to the with the following to the of Contributing Authors: following to the of Contributing Authors and with the following additions to the Contributing Authors: S. Raymond Contributing Authors Bracey Tom Tom the copyright the Software Foundation freely The IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, from the free JPEG software. (Since arithmetic as there This the LZW the GIF than "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to with the LZW GIF reading It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered The Unix with GNU It The IJG included to and write GIF To its ltmain.sh). Another the Huffman that install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely GIF to that the Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of this and the the that included the the and of the copyright to the Copyright Andreas of and copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This includes the software which terms of of each which of the This of the of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: the copyright to the as follows. of
through Copyright the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the Inc. following of Notes This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of terms of of each which of the MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. (C) and Copyright software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following plainly as such and to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as the This Copyright or from or the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and would appreciated. distribution. The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the plainly as such, and as the software. required. If the would to The free without warranty of The written and This or from include third-party Also, the PNG PNG of the and and printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
The and author of L. to from RFC Other authors noted the history that follows header rather than C++ from Martin Edited slightly TOC statically or If redistribute would that include the history information Notes This includes the software which warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the authors from the of this The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would This the MD5 RFC whose text This software 'as-is', without or warranty. to to this software including the and of the copyright to the and to and redistribute freely, to the as such, and This or from terms of of each which of the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the Copyright (C) rights as the software. of MD5 (RFC copyright to the as follows. L. of following required. software. This includes the software which the following used) as follows. of the copyright or authorized the copyright Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to otherwise, or ownership of or of the the or of such entity, whether or the terms and and as Sections through of this or ownership of such entity. that the Definitions. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted.
of to the terms and of this each charge, royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, Contribution(s) submitted. If You institute (including or counterclaim that the Work or Works thereof with or without and You other of the Work or Works copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to If the Work includes "NOTICE" as of its then that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE distributed as of the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and then to You this the You own within Works that You or as to the You to that that their Contribution(s) or Works that You include of the Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory Works; within the Source or to You within such NOTICE those NOTICE text from the Work, that such You the Source of Works that You with the Works; or, within the Source or that You the following Redistribution. You and of the Work or where such only to those such of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such that Work terminate as of the such as the of the Works; and You the and of this and (or or Entity "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or Works" whether Source or that "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works the copyright or or Entity authorized to that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously "Contributor" and or Entity of Works of, publicly publicly and translation of Source including to of authorship. the of this Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work and tracking of Copyright to the and of this or its including to include that from, or (or each to You "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" included or attached to the the of or written to the royalty-free, copyright to the as indicated copyright that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, whom Contribution and or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. and to other types. the Work and such Works Source or incorporated within the Work. this Contribution." below). Notes
of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or rights with this such obligations, You Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge or terms and reproduction, whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of service or of the as of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its KIND, or implied, including, without or the of or redistributing the Work and with Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without You copyright to and or of modifications, or such Works as This to the "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY reasonable and customary the of the Work and FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or associated with of this of You explicitly otherwise, with the stated this the of the NOTICE or such Notes To apply the to the following boilerplate the that or and of included the as information. (Don't include the The text should the with the with the copyright within third-party archives. Licensed the Apache (the this with the APPENDIX: to apply the to Copyright of copyright owner] You of the END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS or to writing, software distributed the the the and distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the (including or otherwise, to You including indirect, or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or (such as and acts) or to writing, or of character as of this and other or such of and theory, whether tort of the of such