that the and correctly, the and the to to the user or The indications and their meaning as follows. them properly reading the to others and the of to property. Indications Notations Used This Indicates the of or to property this or Indicates the of death or serious this or Warning Information Indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure
who the Protect to and Enhanced security the You the to the to the and without when with back to the the light from the sight The shortest recommended to the Short-distance casting Ease of restricts the You this to people from without and At this the about the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off The with the following security with anti-theft Security Security to The the from with WXGA LCD the aspect ratio as This the of such as whiteboard, as WXGA-Compatible turning the off, the without to the to cool first. cool connecting the to LAN and the from Network-Based
and the of the such as when the Function and Functions with operation and the to and this to through this to cool the of the If collects the internal of the service life. Clean the regularly. the foot to and the front foot. Foot the Security The security with the Security from the Remote C Protects the from and cover this cover when the cover that become warped or otherwise affected heat the and or near the while C Function
and Functions to the Function Rear RS-232C This and to the with should normally used. the from RS-232C from other from and Computer1 input to the of the connected to the Computer1 input input to the of the connected to the Computer2 input input from other from and Computer2 input Function C connected to the or input to the of the from from input input input connected to the Computer1 input to the from the or other This input to other than the Computer1 input C from the Remote and the LAN. LAN connected, LAN the sound of the currently to
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons Corrects items and buttons Function shows to with they and the which displayed, to the previous If when the function. Press to switch If when or displayed, these buttons becomes when the the the items and becomes buttons the or off. C Function and the or If of selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the connected to the and to the input that The of the and whether they flashing or the of the C [Source Search]
and Functions and the C Function If of the synchronization, and to the or selection and to the displayed, and the the pressed, the C of the that the without the the the and or off. this about seconds, the cleared and then the switches from to [A/V these when buttons The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] or the or off. Function connected to the and to the input that [Source Search]
and Functions If when or screen displayed, these buttons Press to the and to the items and Function the function. If when displayed, to the shows to with they and the which C If when or displayed, these items and light-emitting the optional mount when the from Turn to and to the Function fixing Rear foot through when to the commercially anti-theft to C Security
Functions This chapter and and the security Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the lock................................................................... the (Source Search) the Functions Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect Ratio (Aspect)................................15 "Normal", "Through" of the the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Quality
The that from front of the To the the to using the following the Projection the "A/V the The cleared and then the switches from to about seconds. Procedure
The following showing the of currently or when about seconds, the to projecting. If found. You the input where the when the that the the Projected (Source Search) The input from connected and the input from the projected. You the input where input. Computer1 The input where input Computer2 connected, playback this operation. the the Procedure or of connected, the [Source Search] the
Remote Procedure Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Each the button, the the and the bright This Theatre bright This the brightest and tones Application such as bright This and input) them TV bright This and them to life. or input) Sports The from the the If the while the displayed the to the this tint, when Blackboard whiteboard. Whiteboard that to the
Functions from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Procedure Each the or off. Procedure while the to from the where If the while the or displayed, the or The to back the while used. cleared. From the choose to If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V "A/V the or as the A/V the activated. Each the A/V or off.
Functions Enhancing The "aspect the ratio and its With this switch the ratio the [Aspect] the The aspect ratio "Normal", and "Through". switching the aspect, the input To to the following the Aspect Ratio (Aspect) The from and With the switched to the as follows. "Normal" the connected to EIAJ input input input Normal Notes Recommended aspect The input recommended aspect and the as shown the following "Normal", aspect ratio with the the HDTV the appears to the and right. used. top and ratio of the input the aspect of the while Normal (including WXGA Normal TV
Functions projected, elongated Notes Recommended aspect recorded recorded stretched to the top and of the off. from DVD, and to such that the input converted width of the The aspect ratio of the used. such as those from or DVD software aspect ratio of the input while the of the from DVD, and "Through" the aspect ratio and of the input "Through" when to as without allows the to the of the The aspect ratio when to input with of to than the appears the top and as input with of the of the off. projected, elongated horizontally. the to input or reduction of the input as the and right. "Through" of
Functions Remote Procedure Each the the aspect the and the aspect This "Aspect" from the the
Functions Projection the to the of the that to Remote This when to such as and to them of the Procedure Remote C Remote selected to to You the or The ratio appears the The Each the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the holding the Press the to
"Network Protect" to "On" Background", and "A/V Protect" to "On" the following from the the prohibited. Protect" prohibited. "Network Protect" You people from the the The with of anti-theft security The the following security You who the without Protect Anti-Theft Security Functions Protect) the Protect function activated, people who Furthermore, the that when as the At the of the This acts as anti-theft the the to the purchase the Protect function activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect whenever the turned disconnected from If the the supply to which connected the the On Protect" "On", the On Protect"
Security Functions Protect", and then the "On", and then the C Turn Protect" Press the the following to Protect. Protect "Network Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Press the Turn "Network Protect". the the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure the the displayed, and then the The displayed as the If the Protect four the buttons. The the this to Select and then the fourth the displayed. shown If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, the displayed. the buttons Remote Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the the as further the the theft If the incorrectly, displayed The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the
Security Functions the displayed, the the buttons the the outlet and then and the that appears the and the about and then the switches to If incorrect three the If the of the "The operation locked." back The displays the the and Service If this the from the that the the the buttons. the Procedure If to the and input the as "The locked. and the thirty the following
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the buttons the of the buttons the locked. You of the buttons the the locked. off. Restricting the buttons and the operations they the the Select or This useful or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated the The to the C Select when the displayed. chose. the Press the and the Procedure and the the From the from about seconds, You release the of the the displayed and the released. following the the
Security Functions the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. You about the that and the The security with the Security the often mounts and the includes the following security Security the Security Anti-Theft through the to the to or commercially theft-prevention Security
This chapter to the and its the of Network Info Only).................................................34
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with and when selected the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the the Red, You the of each individually. You choosing of the following You the to their To items to their only when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each "Normal" input as If the aspect of the or the the of the input automatically. input as the to the input You whether the to the (On) or when the input Function You the and right that of the of the IP each field the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the Computer1 input or Computer2 input Computer1 Computer2 You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the You the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 To items to their You the aspect ratio Aspect
of Functions Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and rotation reduced. about life: about You the to of Brightness Function You this to of the You You the to or the light too to to the that to or that interference. You the reception of the from the Remote the that the without connecting other While the displayed and correction. To the the the or the You the to their To items to their
of Functions You whether to (On) or the when the input the You whether the screen (the when the (On) or Background You the when to or A/V You the A/V as or when the when input, and You related to the You the that displayed as background and A/V You choose of the following to the the Function to "On" and the connected to that of electricity the to "On", this off the when input and operations to "On", the should turning off the from to High this to "On" when using the of Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or to (On) the of purchase. to automatically. Operation You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" You SNMP to and the of the the or the "EMP software with You and functions while the when this to "Network On". this
of Functions You and the to their To items to their Function You the displays. Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You Protect" to "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", displayed and the You "Network Protect" to Network You from to each field of the However, the following used. You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each of the the following IP used. to (where from to to (where from to Gateway You input the IP the the IP You input the IP assigned to the MAC You input the MAC the You input the the DHCP You whether to DHCP (On) or If this to "On" to You Wired LAN Function to when the software. You to characters. to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the the which EMP EMP
of Functions To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Trap IP 1/Trap IP You to IP the SNMP The IP "Trap IP when the IP "Trap IP accessed. You SNMP SNMP Function You the and the of the to when or warning You to three You to The You input to characters the You from to each field of the the following IP used. this or warning with the SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the You whether to (On) or to (where from to You input the the SMTP to the and the to input. characters, the to entry. Press the and the following software displayed. the and buttons the to the to input. "On" and the connected to it AMX Discovery. when the connected to AMX or that AMX Discovery to the You the connected to this to the You the to their To items to their AMX Discovery the this selected, and the the section Each this and selected, and
of Functions the function to "On" and or with the following The IP the where the First The of the where the Third and of the Subject: EPSON The of the The following the shown the with "Reading the Indicators". related High Warning High-speed cooling cover High (Overheating) the input to the and the supply to connected or appear the of the with
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) You the of "Computer1" or "Computer2" the to the "Source". You the input the connected currently projected. Source it reaches the the characters displayed yellow. You the operating Function The as "0H" the first hours. hours or hour each This information about that occurred the This information service required. You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their "Computer1 "Computer2 items You items to their and You clear the Hours and to "0H". when the Hours Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................38 lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the on-screen displays to the the Procedure and displayed as shown the Press the to below. the the Press the The displayed. Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the the this (Flashing):Warm-up Projection The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the which to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service Stop the the from the and or the the and Service and or the the and Service If the the the the from the The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or of or "High to "On". High (overheating) If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). the and cracked. the following Clean the using of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This the too high automatically.) If the clogged, clean or High Warning with If the or the the and If the operating properly, though the showing to the Service
when If of the following and the offer to the each the with the received The sound heard or the sound Other Projection the completely the completely and Moving from appear and nothing projected. displayed relating to appear The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." displayed The or of The whole appears or white, appearing the match, this and LCD performance, the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right Nothing appears the appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the when the to the the connected the correct? the to only. the to the LCD and the when from Press the to the If to the to "Extended"-"Operation"-"Sleep to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." displayed to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported Displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The displayed or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from The recommended from to to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to If the correctly the from and "Tracking" the If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when from when the and "Tracking correctly? Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the from the the correctly? Press the the to the The or or the aspect when If activated the of the about of the the screen projected. To the the off the the the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when when
from connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 input the following to the the connected "Signal"-"Computer1/2 the input match the from the connected right the the "Image"-"Color the correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" the "Image"-"Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" the the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? from connected to or the "Brightness" and "Brightness the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the brightness and correctly? the "Contrast" the the correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the The only that from the Computer1 input from other than the Computer1 input Nothing appears the
when There the or the the and or the the and Service If this the using the the from the and the the about seconds, and the released. the to The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the and off when the touched? the operation to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to turn the back the "Remote the receiver" the the selected? the back immediately Direct or the turned off? There or the too Other the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the that the to the the connected correctly?
the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? The to from "Remote the receiver" the location where light the receiver. the If of the buttons the than seconds, the the released, This the from operates when the or top of the correctly or the with necessary. the the receiver" the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the or the correctly? sunlight or light from the receiver? than seconds? If the or the the and the to Service To the Notification function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? received with the and the to of to the the correctly. "Network correctly the that the LAN correctly. or correctly. the LAN connected correctly? that or functioning correctly. to the
Connecting LAN This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to Appendices Optional and Optional ESC/VP21 Command Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the to the the operating the How to the Non-compatible commands information "Product information and of RGB) when Moving Nearby..................................................................57 Notes when and Specifications......................................................71 Appearance..........................................................73 Index.....................................................................74 and Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to
from (Rear from front of the The the following four its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and injury. the mount and the or and Warning the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the the its This malfunctions to You the as follows the "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" the [A/V the about seconds. optional mount when the from
If collects the the internal of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the the cloth with cloth using to the Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with cloth cleaning to gently the the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this using the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and "The overheating. nothing the and or the to the Clean the and the when the following displayed.
the of the and the to the the the with This section to the batteries, the and the If the of the or that the becoming this them with or ready to You only or batteries. the Remote Press the battery cover clicks C the cover. the Instructions/Support and Service the batteries. Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should high brightness: About hours brightness: About hours as as ready The the displayed. displayed. The flashes Flashing The or to
the off the and the Procedure and should to the of the cover, when the cover If of If the of which the cover gently. of the should that the the there that the or mouth, immediately. Warning to the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and to the cover. the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the cooled sufficiently the there that the the to enough.
the the the "PUSH", and once the screws. that fits the location the C the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or further If the yourself, to of the
The records the turned and and the the hours the when to the the operating the cover. the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly. the off as Please regulations or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with
the from the and clicks C the The displayed though the It to the when: The ripped. cleaned. the The when the from to the of properly with of the section: ABS of with of the section: Polyurethane resin the of the and to the the off the and the Procedure
when There and the To to impacts when the as follows. Turn off the to the and the following and then the cover to the the foot. Nearby the Nearby", the following and the protective that the of purchase. then the the that the to and to them that If the the securely insulation to from shock, and the that the which clearly as containing of purchase, or and Notes when and the
the the You the that currently as the buttons and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to Aspect, or the function If selected when currently the the C "Choose this as the displayed, the the or the the as to the of the
"Select this displayed, the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed." displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while Once the This malfunctions to to the factory the the You to
Units: the following to choose the The only The recommended Units: Units: and and Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Projection to of of the that shown and offset The the of
You with built-in amplifiers to the with and with the to of sound. the Connecting to Connecting to to the with the displayed and the the when when connected to the This that input to the Computer1 input the Connecting to To the the to the and from the built-in To Computer2 and and to the The the and and to to To with
with or type LAN Connecting LAN To LAN (commercially LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN
when the high ELPFP13 ELPFP14 Optional and of optional and as of: Please purchase these products as and when The following The following optional and of to without and the country of purchase. or the the and Service to this of to the from Optional when the mount ELPMB23 The when roll-type (Aspect ratio that warped or easily becomes ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 as ELPAF13 as ELPLP42 of these the with the too ELPKC09 ELPKC10 The when screen that easily. (Aspect ratio that or easily becomes ELPSC06 This the as the with the ELPKC02 when mounting Short Throw Wall Mount ELPMB24 to ELPKC19
this technology's and implemented whereby this functions (ON). AMX Discovery AMX Corporation. the AMX to the easily to the AMX URL AMX Discovery This section terms that with the and that the text of this to other commercially publications. The ratio and its height. that appear with to height ratio of or known as The aspect ratio Aspect ratio that the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the to to that of three and which the and to of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and This (router) to of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and displayed of whereby the from from top to to High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV to to IP The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and expressed Refresh Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV
Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP this the that they the recording these played back the they restored to their as This the IP the SNMP SNMP Trap IP This that the of the from the IP international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the both the and the connected to type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs The output from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA of The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. VGA type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. WXGA
the ON to the the If the terminates to and the input, the the and and then the command. turned and ESC/VP21 Commands Command Connector RS-232C input length: Parity: Flow Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF Command SOURCE selection SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (CR) to the of each and Computer1 Item
ESC/VP21 Commands <At the <At the Connector RS-232C input ready DSR DSR DTR ready DTR DTR DSR TD TD RD RD RD TD Function At the (PC At the ground GND GND GND
displayed information EPSON and Information Industries Association) as to the JBMIA and Information network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the Class established the JBMIA Industries Association) to URL the JBMIA. "Product information EB-410W Command Function AVMT AVMT AVMT Non-compatible commands AVMT and Command Connector INPT Computer1 input INPT Computer2 input INPT input INPT input
Units: RGB) Aspect Refresh of Supported Through Normal XGA VGAEGA VGA SVGA WXGA WXGA+ WSXGA+ SXGA+ UXGA SXGA MAC19" MAC21" MAC13 MAC16" when selected of the the VGA when other than those input, that the projected. supported.
of Supported Units: Aspect Refresh Through Normal HDTV Units: HDTV Through Normal Aspect Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL,SECAM)
this TM DNX ICs EB-410W Product (W) (H) (D) Specifications to to than and If the of of WXGA (W) (H) Polysilicon TFT active ELPLP42 UHE to to to AC to to to to 35C to +60C Computer1 input Connectors Computer2 input input input DIN input Approx RCA input RS-232C RCA input RJ45 LAN
Specifications Class to of the FCC These This and the outlet from that to which reception, which turning the off and the there that interference If this interference to and instructions, interference to or reception. to reasonable protection interference to to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the and, and with the the or technician Increase the the and receiver. FCC United States or the the connected. following Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS: Located The of non-shielded interface to this this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface connected to interfaces. or the interference which the established the FCC interface with this If this than the FCC or Declaration of this and the authority to the WARNING tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, to the that the following this including interference that operation. EPSON H330C of Product:
Appearance of 5-M4 from of to fixing Units: