Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the and the
The lightweight allows to easily Turn the and off or from cool easy to easy height with from office. and Projection, and functions the used. the below of the each of Functions Connecting with USB and (USB EB-1751 EB-1761W EB-1771W EB-1776W Function Screen HDMI USB from connecting the USB "Projecting with USB without Screen WXGA LAN the to the (EB-1776W only) the the to the correcting Correction The Wireless LAN or as option. the The Wireless USB as option. The LAN as option. of items. Network Wireless Slideshow "Automatically to the Screen Screen (EB-1776W only)"
Functions the of Presentations (EB-1776W/ EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) from of or This function the and of the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ or EB-1761W Only)" Detecting and correcting Increasing (WXGA) (EB-1776W/ EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) This corrects which when or the Automatically corrects and as as the "Correcting (EB-1776W only)" EB-1776W aspect. You whiteboards and other the Aspect Ratio of the Projected With that WXGA LCD the the "Correcting (EB-1771W/EB-1761W/ EB-1751 only)" Automatically corrects EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751
You iProjection" from the incurred when with the the responsibility of the customer. Connecting to wireless LAN and from the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) You USB or to the and of such as PDF, and USB and and (Slideshow) or optional LAN using Network Projection and the Network Projection wirelessly the You the to operations such as of the You the as or as the "Projecting Without (Slideshow)" the of the Function Connecting and wirelessly with (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) the the wireless the or optional the and USB to and from the DICOM SIM to such as photographs. This that approaches the DICOM the Remote to the (Wireless of the from (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) If iProjection" these from location, from the or wirelessly the which or (The and "Selecting the Quality (Selecting
Indicates the of the or optional LAN Function LAN (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ EB-1761W only) of the this of EB-1776W otherwise mentioned. and Functions Press the foot to and the front the foot. Foot and this cover to the wireless the or optional Wireless LAN the to and the A/V A/V (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ EB-1761W only) LAN cover C such as the foot to the the of the foot when the to the closing the and the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V sound. A/V when the corrects the (EB-1776W only) to cool the internally. "Cleaning the from the Remote "Reading the Indicators" Indicates the to cool the internally. Function the the the and that become or heat the from the While or burns, or to
Rear Function "Correcting the the and Functions (EB-1771W/EB-1761W/ EB-1751 only) Function when the the cover the USB and the the projected. the to the "Projecting with USB USB from and from other C from the to the "From to Projection" USB memory or and Without (Slideshow)" or Slideshow. USB the to the the to the USB to the function. (Wireless the optional from connected to the or the and computers. This from HDMI "Connecting with HDCP HDMI
"Remote operating from the Remote Function and Functions The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security Screw to the cover Fixing Screw the optional when the from the Function (three mount fixing such as to and the to the "Optional Accessories"
such as the foot to the the of the foot C Function and Functions the wireless LAN the wireless LAN cover with the screw Screw to the wireless LAN cover. supplied. (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ EB-1761W only) Screw the wireless LAN cover "From to the or off. Function the that fits the "Automatically to the Screen (EB-1776W only)" (EB-1776W only) to the input that "Automatically and the (Source Search)" This when the from [Screen button [Source Search] C displayed, and the selection and If of the or the Tracking the and to the to the
"Correcting correction. buttons Function and Functions displayed, these items and If when the or the the and the which shows to with they the the If when the displayed, the to the previous displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the "Correcting correction. the function. and the the "Correcting the the (EB-1776W only) the
the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and Function "From to Projection" the or off. Function and Functions displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the the of the that pushed. Wireless function, the the to the (Wireless buttons the that fits the "Automatically to the (EB-1776W only)" (EB-1776W only) the input and HDMI input Each the pressed, the C to from the [Computer] items, and assign to this selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to Select item from the the button, the assigned item one-touch Acts as when the the Remote to the function. If of the Tracking and to the the from or when using EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751, this function the pressed. EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751, this the (EB-1776W only) function the pressed. "Correcting the buttons such as when the Remote to the the Wireless function (Wireless the following assigned as the "Projecting with USB USB buttons The aspect ratio each the pressed. the Aspect Ratio of the Projected [Aspect] this and the buttons to Protect" and numbers. and the the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ EB-1761W only) these displays the previous/next or using Slideshow,
this and the to "Correcting the when specify the ID using the from Projectors" [ID] Function or reduces the without the of the Function and Functions buttons the pressed, the "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting this to and IDs. "Correcting the when from Projectors" buttons the or as Each the pressed, the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only)" the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V from the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ Network this to EB-1761W only) Switches to the from the connected (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) [LAN] from the connected to the USB the pressed, the the following USB [USB] Protect" and the which shows to with they the the or the Decreases the Increases the buttons to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" light- [Source Search] If when the displayed, the to the previous Acts as right when the Wireless the Remote to the (Wireless function. Function the on-screen the function.
If the of the or that the other the AA or AA or ready. You becoming this them with the and Functions the following the Instructions the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the Press the cover clicks the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the with batteries.
Remote operating and Functions
the This chapter to the and
of when the If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This serious to the mount the screws from and or and cover the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. from mount). If correctly, the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the and the causing and injury. Warning the to the of the location. The the following four the (Rear from tion) from front of the the its This malfunctions to Attention and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling front of and from the from the optional mount and plate when the from "Optional Accessories" The Projection You from Rear to from the Projection You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear the as follows.
and the the right to the to the The the shortest the from the to the the following information the If the to the the that to the the the the reduced. "Screen and Projection EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W If the the the the following the to the "Correcting Distortion" the following the the "Correcting Distortion"
the EB-1751
The location, and the connected. This section of to the and the Connecting the to the You from the the the to the To from the using of the following the using the USB Connecting the USB to the USB the USB You the with the the HDMI to the HDMI You the with the using HDMI C connecting the to USB from the This function USB "Projecting with USB
To from DVD players or VHS and to the using of the following Connecting Sources Connecting the the to the You from the connecting the the to the the output the to the input You output from the the the to the using HDMI C the optional "Optional Accessories" the HDMI the to the HDMI You the with the VIDEO Cr/Pr If the or of the to force The or malfunction. If the input when to the malfunction. Attention If the to to the with the or optional to to the
You such as USB memory, the optional and USB and Connecting USB Devices Connecting the USB with the USB the USB to the USB the the USB connected, the USB memory or Slideshow. If USB the correctly. Devices such as and USB should connected to the directly. and using the AC with the or to the USB with or specified with the USB than length. If the Slideshow function correctly. "Slideshow finishing USB from the such as or off the and then from the Removing USB
the Wireless LAN Unit Connecting the wireless LAN cover with the screw supplied. the wireless LAN cover. the wireless LAN the wireless LAN cover, and then the
This chapter to and
the Turn This section the the to with the and From to Projection The the turning off the the used. the with the the (function and the using to the from the If the projected, the of the following "Automatically and the Press the [Source Search] the or the (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote Press the the the "Automatically to the Screen (EB-1776W only)" the the necessary. "Correcting Distortion" "Correcting the the to with the cord. the to the with the the A/V Turn the
The following displayed while input. EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Automatically and the (Source Search) Projecting Press the [Source Search] to from the currently the the USB USB LAN HDMI or connected, the [Source Search] the projected. connected, playback this operation. LAN EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W
You the USB to the to to from the with USB Switching to the Remote You directly to the the following buttons the USB USB To USB to from the You and with USB USB Remote PC Edition Edition Professional XP OS from the connected to the USB the pressed, through the following C USB Each the pressed, through the input from the following HDMI to from the Professional Switches to the from the connected (EB-1776W/ EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) Recommended: or III or CPU
You to the the If USB the correctly. from the input You option while USB the USB directly to the the USB to USB Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of Memory MB or USB the USB to the using USB of than and higher or than OS OS OS OS Service OS or XP, to displayed. Select Double-click EPSON PJ_UD and then EMP_UDSE.EXE of than and higher than or Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU MB or Amount of Memory MB or the screen displayed, the displayed, automatically. XP The first the and the the USB the to The and OS X. Connecting the first the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. the USB when projection. projected.
or from the USB the You finished from the then the USB disconnecting the USB there to Projecting If the USB If from the USB the the EPSON PJ_UD USB USB when If there USB the USB If nothing reason, the USB from the Applications the the USB If it automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing reason, EPSON USB USB user authority, displayed and to the and then try to to the software. this try or the the following Click and then Uninstalling USB the USB to the USB OS USB Change/Remove Select and Click and then Double-click or Click XP the authority and the installation. the the USB the and the displayed, The of USB displayed the USB Double-click the Follow the on-screen instructions to Select USB and Double-click or projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected.
Click and then Projecting Applications USB the and then Select USB and click Uninstall Click Uninstall OS USB
when the from The correctly this exceeded. Correct the manually. Correct the manually. to the Screen (EB-1776W only) Press the the or the the the function that corrects the that fits to the of the whiteboard, and to the of the while the [Screen the or the correction and You to the the following than or to Correction right and and and to
Once the appears, the or the The corrected properly. the that the than the as shown below. the the of the Projected the correction the following appears. To the correction the the or the to clear the To the the buttons the If operation the about seconds. the to Corner this, correction of the the to its try the If the within the further from the Press the or the buttons the the "Correcting manually Corner the Corner function. the appears, the corrected to the aspect ratio of the input.
Manually the and Correcting manually the to the when corrections the top and than of of the the function correctly such as correctly the of the or and or the to function "Correcting manually turning the lights. with the lights turned off. this daylight. this the manually. Manually the four corners Correcting manually Corner) Correcting Distortion Correcting (EB-1776W only) the reduced. You using of the following (EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751 only) (EB-1776W only) Correcting the when or corrects and as as the This function
Correction right and and Correcting the displays and then corrects the You to the the following the Press the Correction right and and If to the function, to when Projection to from the Correcting corrected automatically. If to the EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751, only the Correcting (EB-1771W/ EB-1761W/EB-1751 only) the Press the You to the the following Correcting manually Correction and correction Manually the and You to the the following
You from the Projected This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Press the while the Correcting manually Corner Select Corner and then the the the buttons the and or the the to correct, and then the the and the from
the to the correction selection from displayed when the to Corner the and as to corners. buttons the and or the the and the the of the corner. the or to to and and correction the the the further the If the further." displayed while indicated the
to On the to correction?" this function, the from Corner to which when the (EB-1776W only) the or the If the about seconds while the selection from displayed, the following displayed. Press the foot to and the front foot. You the of the the to the Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner Turn the to the of the the The the of the becomes to the that to
and the to the the Projected Press the the to the You the of the following Decreases the Increases the the Remote You the of the following Correcting the the rear foot. the rear foot. Press the the or the to Turn the to the (EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751 the (EB-1776W only) only)
tint, when this Blackboard Application the from the Projected whiteboard. Whiteboard Select to the C and the of the The and photographs and other This with clear DICOM SIM Selecting the Quality (Selecting of hearing. the off, that and then increase the high USB USB, or LAN. the used, This selection when the input or The effects correctly to and This selection when the input RGB or when the supported.) when the specifications. Each the the displayed the and the You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. bright This the brightest and tones Application Remote bright such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre that to the
the to the of the and Iris You from the Projected the the the Press the Iris Select from The each Select On
the aspect ratio from or from the HDMI Iris when the Theatre or Customized Press the to the pressed, the aspect ratio the of Normal Native or and EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W the Aspect Ratio of the the aspect ratio when that recorded or the aspect ratio when connected that Aspect the currently projected. The and the of Aspect as follows. Each the [Aspect] the Aspect displayed the and the aspect ratio Normal or Native C EB-1751 Remote Each the pressed, the aspect ratio the (only when the input HDMI), and You the aspect ratio from the Aspect
WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect when the input HDMI) C EB-1751 Native input, the (the off the right and Each the pressed, the aspect ratio the of Normal Native and the aspect ratio EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Each the pressed, the aspect ratio the Normal and WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect Normal WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect Normal
WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect If of the the to Normal or from the to the of the
Functions This chapter and the Security
LAN USB USB HDMI Right Screen (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) Projecting Functions USB USB LAN You from the right and of the The currently selected input the of the Press the while Remote The of input that below. LAN USB USB HDMI Right Screen You the operations from the HDMI
The Source when the following Source Search LAN USB The displayed. Press the Projection Functions To switch the the from Select and then the the following to switch the the and right Press the Switching the and right Select the Source and then the Select each input and Right The Source displayed. The the and right Select and then the Press the Switching the and right input that selected.
You both the and right the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the Select the to and then the Select and then the Functions The following to the To the the Select from the Press the the Restrictions The appear as shown below the Switching the aspect (The aspect to Normal Operations using the the the Iris The following operations Right displayed when input or when or displayed.
Specifications that Slideshow Notes The the to the the right the the the to the the right and Projection Functions Restriction relating to to the characteristics of JPEG with greater than clearly the ratio The following projected. CMYK too high. with than Reduction The and to the the right there input, the the that Background. selected, the The only playback PCM with than and ADPCM. with animated than with than USB such as USB or USB to the the the without using This function Slideshow. Without (Slideshow) Black A/V the You PDF or encrypted to this EB-1761W only) (EB-1776W/ EB-1771W/ PDF and then them to the USB to the You with USB and the You to USB that incorporate You while Slideshow, security the or the and The that the AC with the Format the FAT16/32.
Although the following based the the operations from the Slideshow operating Projecting USB Functions Slideshow "Switching to the Remote the USB to the the to USB. Starting Slideshow Slideshow and the displayed. "Connecting USB Devices" (Slideshow)" Converter "Projecting or the following information to Converter
played back with the highest other input To playback, You memory USB and then If the following screen (Select displayed, the the to the USB with the the the The following as thumbnails AVI seconds from the of the PDF of the first of the PDF) FSE of the first as JPEG Projection Functions to the or to and then the Other or as as shown the following BMP FSE PNG GIF AVI (Motion JPEG) JPEG To the Select the Select the top of the and then the as thumbnail, displayed as PDF to the or Press the or to
button. or While the Functions To Slideshow, the USB from the USB the such as or off the and then from the Slideshow If of the and displayed the the the or the Next the of the screen and the To to the previous the the Previous or the the button. top of the and the the USB while accessed. Slideshow correctly. or displayed. To to the previous the selected, the the selected to Top and the The selected displayed. Press the The displayed. "Starting Slideshow" Slideshow. You the played The rotating function Slideshow. or Slideshow.
finished, to the Press the to the and then the to the or Press the to Projection Functions You PDF slideshow. PDF or or PDF (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) The displayed. Slideshow. to the PDF or Press the "Starting Slideshow" to The displayed or the played back. Press the buttons to to the or Press the If the the displayed the To of the following operations. Press the
Press the to the Selecting The first the PDF Press the Functions and or Select the to the If the while the displayed, the to the selected then the You the following operations while PDF displayed. or While displayed the to to the or expanded to the of the to to and expanded vertically to the height of the While displayed the While displayed expanded the to screen the While the Scrolling to the or
Switching from Option Slideshow to other than To when Slideshow, Screen The seconds. or While the Projection Functions to the or Press the The displayed. Slideshow" Slideshow. Press the while PDF displayed. to or Press the to the PDF The displayed. PDF the the Slideshow that to and then the Select Slideshow the right of the and then the Slideshow and the the from the when reaches automatically. If Continuous to On the Option the projected, the displayed the The following operations while PDF Slideshow. The PDF and the displayed. Press the You to the to the or playback while Slideshow. and Slideshow effects JPEG2000 3D artwork Releasing You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. (Slideshow)
played.) Previous or Switching Option If the to when Slideshow. Press the Projection Functions displayed. selecting and the the to the the selecting and the To or the to the the The displayed. Slideshow. The following functions when or with Slideshow. the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V of the the to the or Press the to playback. "Starting Slideshow" Press the You the and Slideshow operations the Option and Slideshow Function Next or C Previous Next Operations while Playback To switch to the Press the the where to and played.) Next or
OK to the and or finished the Option the Select from the displayed, then the Functions If to apply the the and then the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V then the The applied. to Select of the options as and the the following Option displayed, each of the items. The following shows the each You this when to the what or to such as when from Slideshow. You to You the switches to the Seconds. You to the or You to the Ascending or Sort You whether to the Slideshow. Continuous Switching You the when
from without the function activated Each the or off. Each the [A/V or the cover, A/V or off. Remote Functions Remote the to played If the while the or the displayed, the or the that back while the It to from the where the while used. displayed closed. projecting the and sound to played back while A/V It to from the where A/V activated. You the when the [A/V A/V from the the A/V closed approximately activates and the turned off. If to to This allows to the and to the about. Function The A/V the hours to activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as the
the Remote Functions the the appears or the buttons the the You to the of the or of Shape
to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Projection Functions Remote buttons the the or of Remote Press the to the Remote Expands the each pressed. You that holding the
the to the with USB "Connecting Computer" The ratio appears the The selected to to Functions "Switching to the Remote the to of the following. the USB HDMI If selected, and Reduction the to the or button: click. Press to Right click. buttons: the clicks the Remote to the You the from the This function Wireless The following operating with Wireless OS While holding the and Once the the operated as follows. It to the function of the operating OS OS OS OS OS XP OS or the to the location. Release the the following to the Wireless function.
and to the following to Summary of correction to the to the Functions ID the that which You correction when from You from to white to and You the to them each of these the following Correct the corrected. Correcting brightness the ID. buttons the the or of ID each which operated from the You the that they match closely. Correcting ID and using the If the to the the operation of the reversed. operating other than the Wireless function when the or function, the The function the following the or (such as the or function On the the ID from to the to The following the of IDs the ID and the ID selected with the You ID the within of to The Combinations tion the brightness and tone of each with that the of from each and match closely. Correcting the when from the ID and match, the from the the ID selected with the ID: the brightness and tone match completely correction.
Press the while projecting. the ID Combinations tion ID selected with Projection Functions the of the ID the ID to the selected with the ID selected with ID: Select ID from the selected with the the from of the ID. ID selected with ID: match, the ID and from the the ID selected with the the ID: ID selected with Not
the the of the and the [ID] the the It about three the [ID] the ID seconds. Choose the ID to and the Functions Remote While holding the [ID] the that matches the ID of the to to and ID each Selecting the ID the to the Select the ID each the the turned the ID the Press the to the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Correcting
to the brightness to the pressed, the the and the and the correction and corrections the the to match the the to match the brightness brightest Each the the with the ID to the used. Projection Functions Correcting Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) and the from Press the corrections finished, the to to that to corrected. the ID the to the to corrections finished. You correcting from usually selected, the of the selected or correcting to or to displayed. the to corrected Correct the brightness with Brightness Correct
Protect from Protect to On and the You Protect)" Protect to You the that currently as Projection Functions the "Choose this as the displayed, If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the to as the and then the Once the to the factory the the to the of the to as the You the operations from the the or the the the to match the of the the the the Select from
Select the factor from the Remote Projection Functions You The the the "Completed." displayed. the seconds. the or connected the previous while otherwise malfunctions the this as the displayed, and the "Select this displayed, the
to the the of the Protect On to the following the prohibited. Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Background A/V or from Network Protect On Network to the "Network (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only)" Network Protect (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) prohibited. You people the the without "Restricting The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the about seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Protect activated, people who know the the to the This acts as anti-theft function as the At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that when the Protect activated. Protect) The Protect displayed. Remote On Protect On to On). If the the and turned (this to Direct On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
While holding the four the buttons. The as the fourth the displayed. If Protect already activated, the If the correctly, the Protect the displayed. Security Functions Remote Select the type of Protect to and then button. the the the the as further theft If the incorrectly, displayed prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the the While holding the button, the the buttons. the displayed, the the buttons the Press the the displayed Select On and then the the The to this to If the the the displayed, and displayed then the Select and then the
This useful or shows when to buttons or when to operation. The operated the the Protect temporarily released. Security Functions the the Press the while the "The locked." displayed and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and turn the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the that appears the and the If the of the the Select from If to the operation and input the "The thirty the following and the operation locked." as of the following to the operation buttons the of the the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. Restricting Select or to of the buttons the the locked.
anti-theft the with security with the Security Anti-Theft Security Functions the following the Security The buttons to the chose. Select when the displayed. You release the of the following the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the released. Select from
This chapter to the and its
Select Although the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Items or Top items the and the and projected. Table of Functions and Corner Normal, and Native Aspect and Theatre, Whiteboard, Customized, and Blackboard, DICOM SIM Items or Top to Brightness to Front/Rear, Rear, and and Info, and and Shape Normal and ECO to 5000K to 10000K G: to R: to B: to to to to Sharpness and High Cover Direct On, Rear, and Rear/Ceiling and A/V Background, Down, and Right and and Normal On and Iris On and Tracking USB and 21L USB Communication On and Communication Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and NR1, and NR2 Reduction
Top and Advanced Items or Top or to ID of Functions DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP and Wireless LAN and On and SSID On and SSID On and IP SSID Correct., Correct. (G/R), Brightness and Correct. (B/Y) or Source Info WEP, WPA-PSK, and WPA2- PSK Security and WEP Encryption ASCII and HEX Format ID cryption Encryp tion and Encryp Encryption tion Security Refresh Rate Info ID and Shared Authentication On and Passphrase SMTP and The of the where the used. Top Network (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) On and SNMP Trap IP and Trap IP Others On and On and Wireless LAN Wireless LAN
Top On and AMX Discovery of Functions On and On and Broadcasting
Function You the sharpness. Sharpness items the and currently projected. each of Functions You the of the You tints when high selected and tinted when (This item selected to from to K. The tinted selected. to other than Brightness You the and C (red) and (This item selected to Red, You the and to (yellow) individually. individually. "Automatically and the (Source Search)" to On to the to the light (This item to The each Iris" Theatre or Customized projected. Iris You the to their the following to items to their You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Quality (Selecting You the light and the You the brightness. Brightness Function when NTSC input You the tint. You the the
You when or interference appear the Function items the and currently projected. each of Functions You the and right when of the that the whole projected. This graphics, and to (IP with amount of animation. RGB with input. (This when or This when RGB input.) "Automatically and the (Source Search)" You the when the USB USB, or LAN. while to or Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as (This when RGB input, when when or input while Processing to Reduction the HDMI connected to DVD the to the DVD player's If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected You input from the HDMI to On to the to the when the input to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to or to Normal or the connected Function You the input from the If to when to the appears the or such as automatically. If interference to the connected You when appear the Tracking
the Aspect Ratio of the You the aspect ratio Aspect Function of Functions You the to or the HDMI, selected, to or to the input the ratio (the of the (This when RGB input.) The tracking when the optional interactive higher quality. processing. Process "Correcting and to and to On You selected: Correcting (EB-1776W only)" Correcting manually Function You the to their the following to items to their Select and the four corners of the EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751 V- "Correcting manually Corner Corner selected: On to
You and assign item from the You assign of the following items allowing to one-touch to Info with the button. Pressing the directly displays the assigned item selection/ and to the Function You the and the Source (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only)" Source and You the Function of Functions EB-1761W only) (EB-1776W/ EB-1771W/ Screen To the the the While the displayed, correction, You to the without connecting other when the and or the You this to operation of the "Restricting You the of the You the to their the following to items to their If ECO Select the too bright, such as when or ECO selected, the as follows, and rotation reduced. You the to of about the Remote to the (Wireless tion If to operations from the the the or the least seconds to the to its to operations from the You the reception of the operation from the Remote You the each
the [A/V the about You the as follows Select from of the following Rear and Rear/Ceiling the Rear Rear/Ceiling seconds. Projection Function of Functions the that the the the off the A/V High to or when using warning when selected, to On the brightness such as when input and On to this off the Direct On to On to the On to this the of If high to Normal within of to operations The On restored. closed. Item when the Source, or Aspect Ratio Background You the background to Black or when to the following items when input, and A/V You the displayed when the Black [A/V to You related to the to On to the such as High Warning. when or displayed. Function background Background, A/V and You the that displayed as
the following to items to their You the and from the to their Function while the when this to You and the of the You and Communication On (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W the using SNMP or using the Software" software. only) Function of Functions Protect to On Protect related to You Protect)" Protect to High to USB when the and connected USB and and ESC/VP21 to commands with USB "ESC/VP21 Commands" USB the ID to and that the ID" ID ID when and You from to white to and each of these Brightness Correct. You the the "Correcting the when Projecting from You the and brightness of each Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You Brightness Correct. and Correct. the the of each brightness of each You the and
Wireless LAN Security Others and The following Network items. Function Network Network (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) of Functions information the Wireless LAN used. or the the using of connected to the functions and the This to such as Security function You easily text displayed and the Network Protect Network Protect On Protect to to and then the Protect" Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the Complete to the and or or to the Notes operating the Network the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. Wire LAN
of Functions pressed, pressed, and the the section the and and Each the SYM1/2 selected and the the CAPS selected and the the and the Network the and the Network this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of the or and the the Network Soft operations buttons the to the and the character. holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to the to the and then the to input.
to On to the when to the to from Network Projection from other computers. Normally this should to On Function of Functions the to the when editing, to connected to characters. Function to when and the using the connected than function that allows to and the characters. You to characters. to when the software.
Select the the wireless LAN from (This to The or Function LAN of Functions On If to when this to search the from to from this to and the SSID the SSID automatically. that the LAN to or The SSID Wireless LAN SSID SSID the wireless LAN You to characters. (This item when SSID to which the the SSID. SSID On Turn when the to the If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. On The wireless LAN. Function LAN If created the to when connecting the becomes easy to the the and It with Network Projection. If SSID to On the through the Advanced If the established and wireless LAN. created
when the or optional Wireless LAN Security DHCP to On to DHCP If this You from to each of the the following IP used. You input the the You from to each field of the Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each field of the the following IP You input the IP assigned to the to (where (This item to the following used. to On You from to Advanced IP Function of Functions of the about to access. Security, follow the instructions from the Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function to (where from to used. You the input the WEP HEX HEX ASCII Format You the WEP encoding. encoding. WEP Encryption To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP Selects the WEP ID ID
Advanced strongly recommended that the or optional wireless LAN and security. of the following security You the WEP the characters following instructions from the The type of character and the that to the WEP Encryption and Format ASCII characters. ASCII characters. the which the HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters Function of Functions 1/Encryption 2/Encryption 3/Encryption Encryption encrypted with (WEP This the encrypted the and the match. WEP authentication or authenticating This that security which and without This of WEP. Although there of WPA WPA includes authentication WPA authentication the without this TKIP and AES. WPA authentication. Shared shared authentication. the WEP authentication type. Authentication follow the from the of the You least and to pressed, the and as It recommended to the the characters. the to input the the the using with Network Projection, of security. If the initialized, to the and the Passphrase this or the than characters, You to characters the to the the of security
You to characters You the or to about notifying that or warning occurred. You to. You to three You input the of the to the to the specified the selected or the items from the displayed items. the Function the Function to of Functions Others On to to to the when or warning with Function You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP You input the the SMTP The You input to To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the SNMP. The SNMP Function
of the You from to used. to (where each field of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to Function of Functions Trap IP 1/Trap IP On the connected to this to to allow the to detected AMX Discovery this to connected to from AMX or AMX Discovery. On this to when connecting to the information the service. AMX covery To of the Network Function You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to or Broad casting
You the the Function the of the and the of the Items that displayed the currently projected. the used, input supported. Info Only) of Functions This information about that the This information service required. This information service You the information. Info the You the refresh Refresh Rate "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" The displayed as "0H" the first hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and "About ID (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W the Only)" EB-1761W only) (EB-1776W/ EB-1771W/ ID the reached, the characters You the operating displayed You the the connected currently projected. Source Function You the of the to the You the
You items the to their items Network The following items to their and Function of Functions Clears the hours when the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only)
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and as shown the below. the the The displayed. Press the Press the to the Select the following the function to the the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. the following the clearly what the might The with the following three that the operating of the the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. The warm-up. Warming the this or cool while the Indicates the operating Indicates the C Indicates the
If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they to the Flashing the the from the and or the the when the the this or Stop the the from the and or the the The off and about about the switches to that the and clear, and that the the following High (overheating) "Cleaning the the If the or If the the the the from the and or the the of or High to or the and cracked. the the following "Cleaning the Clean the
If the Stop using the the from the and or the If the the with and then the If the cracked the and the the or If the cracked or the the the replaced.) High of or to or Stop the the from the and or the the Iris that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warning "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as the following the operating properly, though the showing the the with If the shown this using the the from the and or the the
to the and the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) If of the following and the offer to the each the Projection the completely or the completely appear Moving from appear displayed and nothing projected. to Projection The "Not supported" displayed The Interference or appear of the displayed, the height and of the correct, or the appear The truncated or the aspect ratio or the from top to or to right. appear The whole appears purplish or white, or appear right when The sound heard or the sound The Other
to The connected correctly or supplied. the correctly. "From to Projection" the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to the the appear Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? USB USB USB to USB the A/V the A/V closed? of the the correct? displayed using USB or the when USB or displayed that the USB connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the USB connected correctly? when USB the to the the connected when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when input, or the input correct. the or connected properly. If the input correct, to or both when Applications the DirectX function correctly. when USB or the DirectX function displayed?
Moving the from the to only. or the The to copyright protected that played back the with the the of the trying to copyright protected? the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Projection Press the to the If to the to to On The "Not supported" displayed to the to the and the refresh from "Supported Displays" the the to the the connected when from the correct? the and the refresh to the when The displayed that the securely connected. "From to Projection" the connected correctly?
the the [Source Search] the or the "Automatically and the (Source Search)" the selected? the output to as as the own when If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the to Turn the the and the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory "From to Projection" off and then back Turn the the the the or turned when from or the output to the with built-in LCD to from the If the further than this, manually the to or Screen the should the the the and the EB-1776W) Computer's of or the the (EB-1776W only) or (EB-1771W/EB-1761W/EB-1751 only). "Correcting the the correctly? If the with this off, manually the "Correcting manually of the recommended and within the recommended the the On to to (EB-1776W only) the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too
If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the the to the the when from the correct? Interference or appear If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? Computer's EPSON USB USB Click and then clear the layered layered selected? when USB the to If the correctly Press the the or the Tracking from the the and Tracking correctly? when Click EPSON USB USB and then the (This when this selected. the of the smooth. selected? the of the smooth. The when USB
The truncated or the aspect or the the to from other while from the of the projected. If the correctly from the Press the the or the the correctly? the to the the connected projected? when Press the the to of the the If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the when the the the from of the following: Projection Rear or the correct? the that the with the Displays" when the selected? Computer's the following to the the connected the from connected to the the input match the from the connected right the from connected to the
the Brightness from the Brightness the correctly? that and that there the that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the from the the correctly? the from the the correctly? the Brightness and from the Brightness the correctly? the and from the the and correctly? when from appear the nearly the become and the becomes this the with the to the the from the the correctly?
when Projection The connected correctly or supplied. and then the cord. "From to Projection" the switched off? that or functioning correctly. Press the to the the The There the cord, or the defective. the cord. If this the the the from the and or the the the and off when the touched? Press the the If to the to the to Remote the from the Remote the the selected? the from the and then the that the securely to both the and sound heard or the sound Other the that sound heard. the the or the connected to the the
Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? Click EPSON USB USB and then from the from the selected? when USB If when HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI the The the location where light the receiver. the to from Remote the sunlight or light from the receiver? The operating the about "Remote operating the too from the the towards the receiver. "Remote operating the light-emitting the the operation? While the [ID] the that matches the ID of the to the ID" the ID the to the correctly or the with necessary. the the or the correctly? Remote the from the Remote the the selected? the from the the to the and
received the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) To the Notification function when the Communication On from the to Communication On If the or the the abnormality and the to to the the correctly. function correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the The to characters than this, the of the to shorten the to characters. the too characters and other characters with there characters the displayed correctly Slideshow "EPSONWEB" as the ID. This the user ID the the characters the as the The the ID and correct?
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
the with or the to shocks, as easily become You should clean the it becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. "The overheating. nothing the and or the Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. shock. Cleaning the If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the Warning that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the
If displayed, cleaning, to the with the Cleaning three months. Clean them often than this using the It that these least once every
The flashes This section to the and the "It to Please or www.epson.com to purchase." The following displayed. It to the when: the The or to The seconds. to the brightness and of the The to appear the following operating life: about hours If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the become or the
The when the from to the Then the cover straight and to that the If the of which the should that the cracked, and should to the of the cover, the cover gently. when the cover as shards of and If or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or of or mouth, physician the there immediately. Warning the fixing the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the off the and the the cord. the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver with the or cross-head screwdriver.
If the cracked, or the the the and the the the the that fits, and Press the PUSH to the the the fixing and the and right clicks
the the as shown the below, and the cover. Tighten the fixing screw. the cover. If the though the cleaned, the The when the from to the the the of the and straight off the and the the cord. the the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. cover correctly, the of with Attention The records the turned and and when to the the the from the the hours the indicated correctly. the Hours the replaced.
the clicks the of the ether and resin of properly with of the Polyurethane
(EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) EasyMP Network Projection Software Converter the following without the the from the You the using the Network Projection, from the the the allows to from from the This wireless LAN the and them from the of (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) "Slideshow operating You from the following Network the following the to that played directly from the the to USB the USB connected to the Slideshow
ELPKC09 ELPKC10 purchase these products as and when The following of optional to without and The following optional and Please and as of: February of the country of purchase. Optional and of these the with the too ELPKC19 to Interactive ELPIU01 that easily. (aspect ratio ELPSC32 Optional when connecting the to wirelessly and projecting. when to establish one-to-one the and with when such as OHP or Wireless USB ELPAP09 (EB-1776W/ EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) when operating the the Wireless LAN ELPAP07 (EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) ELPDC06/ELPDC11 roll-type (aspect ratio roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25 when attaching the mount to the when the high when the ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPPT01 ELPMB23 mount This the as the with the ELPKC02 (aspect ratio ELPSC30 ELPSC31 ELPSC26 to the from or the the
Optional and as as ELPLP65 ELPAF31
The items each the as the and (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) SNMP Community to characters) to characters) Items that only with the the of connected to the allows to and operations remotely. the characters and the This function the Microsoft or as the If OS X, the and connected to the with wireless LAN, Advanced If to the displayed. To to that the following to the the items that usually the The reflected the There items that the Communication On If to the to and the (when the off). the IP of the the input of the and the the from the the displayed. the the The screen displayed. Items the that the High Cover and Hours EPSONWEB as the ID. the ID and The
and (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) the ID the You the user ID. You the Network from the Network The Remote function allows to operations with browser. the the input and HDMI input Each the pressed, the displayed C to from the [Computer] "From to Projection" the or off. Function the Remote Click the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V the or The Remote displayed.
the Function to and (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) such as when the Remote to the the Wireless (Wireless the following Function buttons Notification, to the when or warning with This the to of with locations from the to of three and to three once. Network Notification (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ EB-1761W only) these the previous/next or Slideshow, "Projecting with USB USB it to notifying If and of the Communication On If to the (when the off). to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" optional Wireless USB this "Switching to the Remote to the projected with Network Projection. projecting the or switches to that (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ EB-1761W only) [LAN] [Source Search] the function to On and or the the following Reading Subject: EPSON "Switching to the Remote Each the pressed, through the from the connected to the USB following USB [USB] the Decreases the Increases the buttons The IP the where the occurred. The where the occurred and of the
SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function using SNMP wireless the SNMP to IP who with the LAN and (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) The of the The below. ESC/VP21 Commands related the and the with USB and then the You and the from USB. commands (ESC/VP21 commands). To and the ESC/VP21 commands, the following input to the the or that the the turned High-speed cooling Iris the USB (EPSON USB-COM to information about the EPSON USB-COM or the the USB to 21L from the SNMP On to the to the specified when or warning This the to of with locations from the the following to with or SNMP "Reading the Indicators" the USB to the USB with USB from from the USB Network Others SNMP
Flow length: Parity: Communications and (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) the ON command to the the and the turned Command If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item input, the the and and then the command. PWR ON On ON/OFF SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE USB PWR OFF SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL (CR) to the of each and MSEL
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) the and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the and then the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network Projection. the occurred the 04FF Communication from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If using DHCP, Wireless LAN IP off the DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network the Other information. Communication disconnected the connected to unauthorized that the wireless LAN security correct. Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match.
"Product information 1771W 1761W 1776W About (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W Only) Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the URL: Non-compatible commands and Command Function Command Source AVMT AVMT INPT INPT INPT HDMI INPT USB INPT LAN INPT USB information EPSON
to EB-1776W/EB-1771W/ EB-1761W) and Unit: to Unit: from the of the to the of the screen (or to the top of the from of C to
Projection EB-1751) Unit: to and Projection Screen Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from of C
Unit: to to and Projection Unit: to Screen
Refresh Rate MAC21" Supported when other than those input, that the projected. supported. when selected as the from the (EB-1776W/EB-1771W/EB-1761W only) Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA Refresh Rate HDTV TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) WSXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" TV (PAL)
Refresh Rate Supported from the HDMI XGA WXGA WXGA++ SXGA VGA SVGA SXGA+ UXGA HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV
EB-1751 EB-1761W EB-1771W EB-1776W Product Specifications Specifications XGA (W) (H) WXGA (H) LCD (W) (H) (D) including section) TFT active UHE ELPLP65 UHE ELPLP65 UHE ELPLP65 to AC to to AC to to AC to supply to (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): to (Communication (Communication On): to to +60C to +35C to
Specifications EB-1751 EB-1761W EB-1771W EB-1776W Product HDMI PCM) HDMI Connectors USB A) USB USB B) USB (3.5) RCA USB A) LAN USB Supports USB USB to that USB.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to instructions, interference to there that interference off and the to to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H476C/H477C/H478C/H479C LCD of Product: EPSON
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section the that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without The ratio and its with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the this technology, and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The relative of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of and international that and DICOM of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP that the and This (router) to Gateway HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with or of HDCP HDCP information to every other from the top of the and to the to displayed every other High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV wireless LAN which through information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with to connected to IP
Definition that to which the HDTV SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP High-Definition international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the to This that the of the from the IP SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID with of SVGA The from If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking that the (Y) and (C). with of SXGA This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of XGA with of VGA
Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating About Notations rights of this publication reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Corporation. with to the of the or transmitted or mechanical, from the of the information Notes to XP, and and of XP", and Furthermore, this the operating to as the to to with the Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. this the operating to as OS OS Furthermore, the OS X" to OS OS OS and to them. OS OS OS OS OS from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or updated without further this and the or or related to please this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of
Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International WPA and WPA2 of and OS of Apple Inc. service of Apple Inc. Corporation. and/or other and Copyrights Notes of HDMI Licensing LLC. Other and PDF SDK Copyright Software www.foxitsoftware.com, or already of their owners. and rights those the United States of America and other countries and areas. rights SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights