Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The indications and their meaning as follows. them properly reading the The and the graphical to to the indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
Select the that connected to the operations from the using the using the PC Projection Network or the Wireless the Interactive Features" Interactive Interactive Function) the supplied, easily operations such as turning the or off and the You USB or USB and Easily Operations from the "Connecting to the the Touch Unit the operation as the interactive with only). You the following operations with the interactive from of or This function the and of the or operations the the whiteboard from other the to and the whiteboard with other such as whiteboards Read from the the the the Whiteboard
Wirelessly computer's the wireless LAN the LAN Unit" Connecting to Network and from the Computer's You the following operations optional products and Projection and PC found the EPSON You the following operations Network Software CD-ROM. the with computers. This allows the to and to and from using Network Projection, Network Projection of the without You from to Connecting to with easily Wireless USB to wireless LAN and connecting the optional the Projecting the to four the smartphones or which PC Projection, PC Projection Operation from the or from iProjection Projecting from iProjection free from incurred when with the or the responsibility of the or from wirelessly from the You If iProjection smartphone or the customer.
to cool the internally. Function and Functions the and that become warped or heat the from the While or burns, or to Screws to the cover cover fixing screws or the the screws and the cover when wireless LAN cover the when the the cover from the Remote Function Screw to the cover the cover fixing screw C
that with the "Cleaning the Function and Functions or fire, or the to this high to the the while the It burns, light. from the Warning Projection when the or operating the The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security to cool the internally. "Cleaning the the the cover to the and the cover. Function Indicates the to the wireless LAN Wireless LAN from the interactive the Interactive Features" Function Interactive C cover
the to the USB and the the with USB USB-B Function The following the cover. and Functions Interface the to the from USB to the interactive as Interactive the to the the Remote to the USB to the Wireless function. and computers. This from HDMI "Connecting with HDCP HDMI2 to You RGB input from the input from other or the to the the "Connecting to the USB to the LAN to to LAN Function and computers. This from smartphones and that from HDMI MHL High-definition with HDCP A/V HDMI1 or HDMI2 as to A/V input to this HDMI1/MHL input from the currently to from the connected to the USB-A from other when from to the from and from other C the wireless LAN the LAN Unit" section LAN
from connected to the Function the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C Function and Functions to the with the optional Remote Remote the optional (ELPKC28) the interactive features the as to the the connected, the of the to "Connecting Projectors" interactive operates smoothly. SYNC IN/OUT Connects the Touch Unit to the Touch Unit. USB memory or and "Projecting USB or PC (PC USB-A the to the "From to Projection" TCH only) Whiteboard connecting USB memory, and the interactive features. USB when USB memory or the to the with the "Connecting to the to the You USB You using other from this from the optional USB-A from
through and mounting the or from wires through when the Function Security and Functions the when using the such "Attaching the with Supplied)" as with supplied) Rear foot fixing C to from the the brightness of the the of the surroundings, and ECO the or optional when mounting "Optional Accessories" (four Wall mount fixing the foot with when using the the with such as with supplied) foot fixing Attaching the with Supplied) the the foot fixing the optional mount when the the from Function "Optional Accessories" mount fixing
and Functions Indicates the and "Reading the Indicators" or flashing. Function the foot with the the front foot fixing the the foot fixing displayed, and the selection and If while RGB from the the or the and to the "Automatically and the Switches to the from the input where Projected (Source Search)" input. [Source Search] C
Function correction. and Functions displayed, these items and If when the or the the and the which shows to with they the the If when the displayed, the to the previous the of the Press the to reduce the of the and the to increase the of the buttons Corrects the when the displayed. the function. displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the and the the the "From to Projection" the or off.
displayed, these buttons selects items the or the and Function "From to Projection" the or off. Function and Functions displays the previous/next rotates the and USB PC these buttons (PC the of the that pushed. function, the the Remote to the (Wireless of the the Whiteboard (This snapshot, the "Whiteboard Whiteboard Whiteboard Prints the [Print] C displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the Acts as when using the Wireless the Remote to the (Wireless function. Tracking, If while RGB from the and this to Network from the Protection" the buttons items, and to this selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to Select item from the the the assigned item one-touch assigned as the Each the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the Projected [Aspect] this and the to Protection" and numbers. and the the
the or playback. Function such as when the Remote to the (This Whiteboard (Wireless the Wireless function the following Function and Functions If when the displayed, the to the previous Function the on-screen the Decreases the Increases the the function. buttons PC these buttons displays the with USB USB connecting to Acts as right when the Wireless the Remote to the (Wireless function. the interactive (This operating the or "Interactive Whiteboard the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V You the as follows the about seconds. Rear Rear/Upside or reduces the without the (This Whiteboard of the the pressed, the "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Whiteboard Whiteboard Press this when the off to the Press this when the to to switches to the input and the interactive Whiteboard Whiteboard [Whiteboard] the the to the MHL [MHL the or as Each the pressed, the to to the Strap and the which shows to with they the
If the becomes or the reached the of their service life. this them with AA or You other the AA or the the to USB or Whiteboard Function and Functions the following the Instructions "Automatically and the Switches to the from the input where (Source Search)" input. [Source Search] While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Remote light- the with battery. the first.
Remote and Functions Interactive the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the You interactive with the There of interactive with sections the the Interactive Press the clicks the cover.
interactive turned Press the the of the to the the interactive C Function and Functions Press the to switch the function and while You the Function from the Interactive Function Advanced Function Press the to right-click while using the as the Battery the Interactive this cover when the battery. Battery Allows to The interactive off of inactivity. optional or turned approximately the the to the and to Press the to the interactive the Interactive Features" interactive Function the the light the interactive lights or flashes. light or when the exhausted. the following of battery. Other chargeable used. light lights or flashes, the battery. of the To the the or the the to the the Battery the Interactive the the light flashes the the light light when the exhausted. the Battery the Interactive Press the the of the to the release the release the the battery. Battery light "Optional Accessories" of the Group. (HR-3UTG/HR-3UTGA/HR-3UTGB/BK-3MCC) AA AA
Press the cover clicks the cover. the following and Functions the of the Interactive While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Instructions the of the interactive when worn. Turn the of the to "Optional Accessories" the with battery. the first. Turn the to the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the
and Functions Function Whiteboard Whiteboard Press this when the off to the Press this when the to to switches to the previous input and the interactive "Starting Whiteboard Whiteboard [Whiteboard] "From to Projection" the or off. through Security It recommended that the with M5 the to whiteboard or Fixing Function and the Switches to the from the input where (Source Search)" input. [Source Search] C
the connected to the using the optional from the Remote Function of the the Whiteboard (This snapshot, the the Interactive Features" Whiteboard Function and Functions the batteries. operations connected the Remote light- Whiteboard Prints the [Print] the reached the of their service life. this them with batteries. AA or batteries. using to the You other the AA If the becomes or inoperable or this cover when wired cover to and the batteries. Top to USB cover the the the to USB or Whiteboard to USB to the "Connecting to the interactive features or USB USB-B the following the batteries. Instructions or connected to the to the USB when USB "Connecting to the "Connecting to the USB "Connecting to the to USB USB-A connecting USB USB-A USB-B to the when connected to the with the to USB to the "Connecting to the interactive or USB USB-A
the the top cover, and then and and Functions the top cover. the of the and the to the the the top cover. Press the cover clicks the with
Function the following the operating the and Functions screws when The screw the Touch Unit with M4 when the Touch Unit turned Screw Rear Touch Unit only) the cover attached the the when C light to the of Function installation. to the cover Function the to the Touch Unit with the Unit TCH The security with the Security Security C
Follow the the to the Touch Unit. If this the Touch Unit such as Furthermore, when the Touch Unit, there such as the surrounding correctly, to to the interference to malfunction. light emitted. and Functions Warning the Touch Unit such as cards, or such as computers, watches, or the Touch Unit to or other of the and the or malfunction the Touch Unit to The the Touch Unit Operations of the Touch Unit, malfunction, or light the with to or and the the Unit and
the This chapter to the and
smooth, type without If the there the The the following the to the location. the mounting the or or the vertically, the the "Optional Accessories" to other from the The Projection You Projection Distortions the the of the and the Turn the back completing installation. Turn the off when the or the of when the from or If correctly, causing crack causing to from its mount. This serious to or the mount, to the the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. the location to or The catch fire of the high of the If the mount plate fixing or the things such as or the the mount fixing to the screws from or screws from and or and the mount and the the and injury. Warning (Rear/Upside Mount the or and from You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Upside Mount the or and from front of
from front of the when the interactive features. the to or the Interactive (Rear from tion) from front of the the there light or sunlight the Interactive Function receiver, the the or the of the the through This the interactive to malfunction. The interactive features operates the following when the the that the Interactive Function too to lights. If the surrounding too bright, the interactive correctly. If there to the Interactive Function receiver, with and to the normally. Clean the or the cover of the Interactive Function receiver. the when using the such as the with the interactive features, or microphone the The interactive malfunction. that such as or the You to the interactive features. the vertically and (Rear/Upside from the the and from front of the
the interactive the as interactive operations become this the optional (ELPKC28) to the and of to Wired from the Interactive Function Advanced of the interactive features, that the without the the Touch Unit only) using the Touch Unit, the of the following The Touch Unit another used. Mount the or from and vertically and from the front of the (the optional interactive mount (ELPMB29) from front of the "Optional Accessories"
You peripheral directly to the or through the This chapter to the to Connecting USB or USB directly to the connecting USB or USB the "Connecting to the "Connecting to the If USB correctly. directly to the or the
To to the LAN to the You to the wired or wireless "Connecting LAN Connecting The location, and the connected. To to the wirelessly, the wireless LAN the the LAN Unit"
This section to peripheral directly to the Connecting to the Connecting You from the the the to the using the to the To from the of the following the optional Connecting the HDMI to the HDMI1/MHL or HDMI2 from the from the with the from the from the with the the USB to the USB-B using HDMI C using the USB
Connecting USB-B to the and connecting to the the following and then HDMI1/MHL HDMI2 If when HDMI connected, commercially to the the HDMI1 HDMI2 the input connected to from or from the A/V HDMI1 HDMI2 You USB to the to to from the This function USB with USB You the input from the A/V
You smartphones and MHL the MHL to the HDMI1/MHL the You the with the Connecting Smartphone or Connecting smartphone or to the the charging when HDMI1/MHL the the MHL If that the MHL the smartphone or If MHL-HDMI charging the smartphone or or to You to MHL to operations from the become or You to correctly the and of the smartphone or If correctly, and then the MHL
To from DVD players or VHS and to the of the following Connecting Connecting Sources You output from the connecting the the to the using the the to the using You from the connecting the the to the using the the to the "Optional and using the optional the HDMI to the HDMI1/MHL or HDMI2 from the from the with the HDMI C HDMI1/MHL HDMI2
Turn off the to connecting. If the input when to the malfunction. If the or of the to force The or malfunction. Connecting If when HDMI connected, to the connecting the the input connected to from HDMI1 or HDMI2 from the A/V HDMI1 HDMI2 If the to to the with the or optional to to the You the input from the A/V
You such as USB memory, the optional and USB and Connecting Connecting USB Devices with the USB with the the to the the to the the the USB to the USB-B using USB USB such as USB memory or PC interactive the interactive features the Interactive Features" C the USB to the USB-A using the optional USB-A the USB connected, the USB memory or PC USB-B
If the connected while from another input the [Source Search] the or the to switch to from the USB (PC Connecting If USB operations correctly. Devices such as and USB should connected to the and the AC with the or to the USB with or with the USB than length. If the PC function correctly. directly. While from to output to the "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" finishing USB from the such as or off the and then from the Removing USB
You and or Connecting Connecting the to the using the with the the to the outputting to to
to Communication On the following operations when the off when A/V to from input from the USB-B and LAN to ECO On Connecting RGB from the to You input from other or the interactive features displayed using the Interactive functions such as or to the A/V A/V the the from the built-in and switches to
LAN or other to the LAN with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN Connecting Connecting LAN to the and the of the To malfunctions, shielded LAN
the LAN to the wireless LAN section. both of the cover fixing screws to the cover. the Wireless LAN Unit Connecting
the interactive features the as of the to the optional (ELPKC28) to the SYNC each Interactive operations the Connecting Connecting The SYNC IN and OUT of the to IN the other to OUT the of to Wired from the Interactive Function Advanced of
connecting three or to the first to the Connecting the the as another that Wired to from the Interactive Function Advanced Wired If the optional the of from the Interactive Function Advanced of
This section to to the the Connecting to the Connecting USB The the the functions to the following information each when with USB and when Performing Operations the Interactive from Projected Interactive with USB the USB-B to the USB-A USB the USB-B to the USB-A USB
operations using the interactive and the to the with the optional "Connecting Computer" Connecting
USB (PC Connecting Connecting PC the USB-A to the USB-B using USB the USB to the USB-A USB
Whiteboard Connecting Connecting the USB-A to the USB-B using USB the to the USB-A using USB the protection the that used. You to the
Projection This chapter to and
the to the with the the to outlet with the cord. This section the the to and From to Projection Projecting This to eyesight to the light emitted. turning the using the turning the the there the Turn the Warning to the of the to the first, and then the to the the (function and the using to the from the when there the Turn the If the [Source Search] the or the there input, Whiteboard displayed. The the used. the with the Press the to the off. ON and the Projected (Source Search)"
Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) the the necessary. "Correcting Distortion" Press the [Source Search] to from the currently the Remote "Correcting the the
You the USB to the to to from the Projecting with USB HDMI2 HDMI1 Whiteboard The input the following USB USB Interactive Function to or to USB You the with the Necessary or connected, the [Source Search] the projected. connected, this operation. USB USB1 USB2 LAN PC Edition Edition Professional XP OS USB You that from the Source Search input the the turned The following while input. to Whiteboard when input. Professional
The first the and the the USB the to installed. The and OS X. Connecting the First Projecting You to the the from the input If using USB operations correctly. directly to the or the You option while USB to USB Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of ory the USB to the or the USB-B using the USB or XP, to displayed. Select of than and higher than of or MB or Service OS Double-click EPSON PJ_UD and then EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. XP Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU OS OS OS OS OS OS MB or Amount of the displayed, the displayed, of than and higher than of or MB or
the authority and the the the USB displayed the and the displayed, It while to projected. the projected, the as and the USB or off the of the projected. It while to projected. the projected, the as and the USB or off the of the finished, from the or from the USB the You then the USB the USB there to If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing reason, EPSON USB USB the USB when finished. If the USB displayed If from the USB the If there USB the the EPSON PJ_UD USB USB when If nothing reason, the USB USB from the Applications the the USB using authority, and to the and then to to the software. this or the the following Click and then Uninstalling the USB to the or the USB-B the USB The of USB the USB Double-click the OS USB Change/Remove Select and Double-click or Click Follow the instructions to
Click and then Projecting XP Select USB and Click and then Double-click or Charms, and then Search Right-click USB Select USB and Uninstall Uninstall the Applications USB and then Select USB and Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to Select Uninstall from the OS USB
independently. correction Manually the and You of the following Correcting Distortion You to the the following Correction right and left/Approx. and Press the or buttons the to the Manually the and Press the following to Press the or to Manually the four Corner the reduced. Press the or buttons to
Select Corner and then the This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. You from the Corner and Select the to the buttons the or the and buttons the and then the the Press the while the Select from
procedures and as to corners. selection shown displayed the the or buttons the to correction the and buttons the to and Corner to the Press the to If the about seconds while the selection from displayed, the following displayed. and Correct the of the the the further the If the further." while indicated the the shown the displayed. buttons the or the and buttons the Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner the Press the and buttons the to the of the
Projected You from the the Remote the of the You the of the without the You the of The approximately seconds. Press the to the and buttons, or of and buttons. "Correcting Distortion" or the The displayed the of the
Lowering the of the The retained the turned off. You to the the location or of the You the when to the You the height of the the front foot. You the to the of the the of the with the Only) and the rear to the the of the with the Only) the front foot to the to its height. the You the of the the to The the of the becomes to the that to the Height of the the foot. You the height of the the the to the to its height.
to and then the Select and then the the foot. the the and then the the Press the Correcting the the cover. Select from
of the that the matches the corners of the the to the to the If of the to the corners the
the To the the the or the You the Saturation, and Brightness each of the (red), C and (yellow) This item only when to "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Saturation, and Brightness from the Press the buttons the to the Decreases the Increases the You the of the following the Remote Advanced RGBCMY the from the the of the bluish the of the Brightness the of the off, that and then increase of hearing. the when the too high. increase the This item when to DICOM SIM or You the the that the connected "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting
bright This the brightest Application from the Advanced using bright such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre that to the whiteboard. Whiteboard The and photographs and other This with clear DICOM SIM selected, the of become selected, reduce the of the the become to the If the inches or If the inches or Select the to the when the input or when the when the input RGB or when the USB USB1, USB2, or LAN. the the RGBCMY. Selecting the Quality (Selecting correctly to and specifications. You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected.
Select Iris from Each the the the and the Projected Remote Press the to Normal To reduce the operation The each High Select You from the Iris the Aspect Ratio of the Projected You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input Iris only when the to Theatre or the to the brightness of the and the the Press the Aspect the currently projected.
the [Aspect] the the aspect the and the aspect ratio Remote Normal or Native C You the aspect ratio from the Aspect the Aspect WXGA XGA The following shows each aspect Aspect from Normal Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the Normal or and Native input aspect from or from the HDMI/MHL
WXGA XGA Aspect Native If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the
the Interactive Follow the instructions these sections to the interactive features.
interactive or to to from the or other You the following operations with the interactive features: whiteboard interactive or Whiteboard Screen (Whiteboard to write the "whiteboard." Interactive This information or include effective or You to or software to the built-in whiteboard This as You the with other or as PDF or PNG and or as with Other Devices" whiteboard. Whiteboard Whiteboard Whiteboard
as would This allows to select, interactive interactive or from Projected and through from Interactive Interactive annotations. the Interactive built You the Interactive software to interactive features, such as and the software instructions.
the interactive or operations with Read This section instructions and using the these instructions using the interactive features. Interactive there light or the Interactive Function and the The interactive operates the following when this Instructions Interactive optional or Battery cover Battery light C with and If there to the Interactive Function receiver, to the normally. Clean the or the cover of the Interactive Function receiver. or microphone the The interactive the interactive features, malfunction. finished the the as from the interactive with or locations where the The interactive the and of sunlight, or the interactive shock. To the the or the the "Interactive that such as or the You to the interactive features. or microphone the because the interactive malfunction. with and the the of the You or both the of each the Interactive
or the whiteboard and performance, the to the board, as The off of inactivity. To back the or the the shown below. the the of the Interactive To the the with To switch the from to the To such as the To the the without the as interactive the and as necessary. with the the touching You the following the To the the without touching To and and with the To left-click, the board with the To right-click, the the To with the
You to the first and the or Automatically If to the it off the Interactive Function the Interactive Function Interactive Press the the and the You the or the the to Users/Mouse or One following the Easy Interactive Function the To of the as right-click, the the to or the Right Click to On User/Mouse the positioning of the with the location of You to the first or You to the Select the Interactive Function and the from the while the the positioning of the following: the Performing correction the the The
Interactive the necessary, the cover the of the and the appears then and the calibrated. If that to manually. and the Select and the The location and should match If to manually. If the location and match manually. Manually The following appears. Press the the and the
Interactive The following appears. Select the Interactive Function and the the necessary, the cover the of the and the Select and the
flashing appears the of Interactive and the The disappears, and another below the first Touch the of the with the of the the the If the the To the process, and the to to the and the interactive receiver. seconds. the the of the You to interact with the as interactive You or or both the Interactive Touch Operations with of the operations with The to interactive and whiteboard the following using operations: Touch the of the then to the of the the appears the top of
You the following operations with as interactive Interactive the Unit the manually the the operations the the Touch Unit To and and item with To left-click, the board with To with The Touch Unit and ready with when the and the lights To or item using and from each other (stretch to or To the the using and then To or the or or If these the such as each other to hand. following: Interactive Function Touch Unit Touch Unit The the to the following the Touch Unit On If whiteboard and write with or reduce the the following: You with The Touch Unit connected to the TCH with Touch Unit Positioning the of or the Touch operations with properly with or or with wrapped Touch operations correctly or the too together or crossed. If clothing or another of to or touches the the operations incorrectly. If the with operations, the operations incorrectly.
The positioning of usually when the Touch Unit the or the and whiteboard Interactive the the or operations with operations with positioning of the following: the with the or Performing the Unit the Performing correction the the manually) as the first operations. To or item using and from each other (stretch to or To the the first turning with If this, To such as the the the and the each other to with Press the the and the button. the positioning of with the location of If the location and match, to Touch Operations with
Select the Interactive Function and the Interactive The following appears. Select Unit and the the necessary, the cover the of the and the flashing appears the of Select and the button. Touch and the
the and the another appears, Touch and the of the with Interactive If the the the To the the and the interactive receiver. or seconds. the the of the Touch operation with the Touch Unit with built-in high-power The from the of the Unit: Instructions Interactive Touch Operations of the the with anything the of Touch the of the with then to the of the the appears the top of
The Touch Unit Class that with IEC/ EN60825-1:2007. Warning Interactive The indicating the Class and the following the Touch Unit: the following when operations. the or the Touch Unit. to the of the or the of the Unit when they turned The allow the light from the Touch Unit to through or of the Touch Unit fire or and the from the outlet and repairs to service of the Touch Unit fire or and the light or within of from the or the or the Touch Unit. to when touch operations with their reflected such as or with the or the Touch Unit. Children operations with their should of the Touch Unit. This the injury. Warning WARNING: covers this CAUTION: CLASS 3B INVISIBLE LASER RADIATION WHEN AVOID EXPOSURE TO THE BEAM The the following: CLASS LASER PRODUCT OPEN WARNING:
Press the [Whiteboard] the or the The and the displayed the Whiteboard (Whiteboard Whiteboard Whiteboard to whiteboard You then the interactive or to and the as whiteboard. This locations that You without whiteboard whiteboard whiteboard. the displayed, write the the interactive or The such as and the The such as and "Whiteboard "Whiteboard whiteboard both or both and the Whiteboard You the whiteboard using the whiteboard and the or the the to the interactive
information the internal and there (the encrypted). If as the shared, to third party, or of, the of increases. the that there such as or the internal the information. You Whiteboard of the following Whiteboard Screen (Whiteboard of the or third through the of responsibility or indirect caused or this these this retained to or other that Whiteboard the when Select Whiteboard as the Remote the the Click Click The whiteboard shown the following The whiteboard and write the Whiteboard If the [Whiteboard] the while Whiteboard the switches to the Whiteboard the following when this Instructions Whiteboard If the turned off unexpectedly while such as when when the specified the turned off. To function to the internal or the disconnected, the to the internal the to the the specified passed. hours as the The the hours You or from Whiteboard necessary. On the Whiteboard to Whiteboard necessary.
the operation. You to operations Whiteboard Screen (Whiteboard Click which there or to the selection. selection You the selection anywhere. Selects and the indicated the operation and the previous the bottom-right of the selected or to Group/Ungroup when selecting and Crop: the around the To the or or the the following operations: when selecting Copy Click the of the to the selected when selecting the of the to or reduce the or the of the and The or or or the The and Switches to or interactive the top of the to the selected or Switches to Whiteboard when or interactive
You the selected as Click to the the bottom-right of the selected and then Selects and the with the interactive the with the and necessary. Click which there or to the selection. Whiteboard Screen (Whiteboard and The pasted the of the Allows to from the USB or You that the following specifications: than reduced to Count: or Format: PNG, JPEG To the the the bottom-right of the selected or to Group/Ungroup when selecting and Crop: the around the To the or or the the following operations: when selecting Copy Click the of the to the and of You the of the and the thickness of the Select from of Switches to to freely. the Click the of the to the selected when selecting the of the to or reduce the or the of the and The or or the of the to the and of Click the right of the to thick and the of the to Switches to Switches to highlighter to the highlighter Click Turns the the of them. You operations the the or the To the with the with Other Devices" the top of the to the selected or Click the right of the to thick and the of the to Switches to You the of the The from the or with the
You the following and of the whiteboard (including the to and to Click the right of the to thick and the of the to Switches to Whiteboard (Whiteboard To to the that to or the the the the front of the If or of the to them. Click the right of the to areas, and the of the to areas. Switches to If when selecting the the whole You You clear and The whiteboard the and whiteboard features. The whiteboard shown the following Whiteboard The of the the of or which using with Clears to or the and or shows the while the Shares and the with Other Devices" shared from other The while The displayed. the
You the following operations using the interactive the of the the thumbnail. Switch the to selecting the of the thumbnails editing. the the thumbnail. thumbnail. New Clears the and the and Whiteboard to its Whiteboard to its of the following: Whiteboard (Whiteboard to to the and to to the previous and the seconds, the first the displayed. Click Click "Compatible Whiteboard and the from and them "Projecting Scanned Whiteboard the seconds, the the displayed. the and the the Press the to or the templates that You templates Selects background Whiteboard from of using You the clicking the or the Whiteboard Prints the and If the Protect Templates to or the template On the Whiteboard "Whiteboard the the to the connected USB Whiteboard or
You and the as Whiteboard This function products connected to USB or Projecting Scanned Whiteboard the You to Whiteboard this Whiteboard (Whiteboard Whiteboard "Whiteboard "Connecting the and off. Click the to the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V and back the using the displayed or reduces the using the following Scanning originals using the functions they Scanning of the (ADF). products, such as this of products, as the Splits the to once. Press to Interactive when to the the and the Click anywhere the with the interactive to the the the The Scan displayed. Click You Whiteboard the Whiteboard using the Whiteboard Shows or the Select the following the Scan (Click Advanced to the You the following functions Whiteboard
with built-in ADF, to sheets. the to of than sheets. Whiteboard (Whiteboard Compatible Whiteboard The following and Whiteboard than reduced to with than with the The following read. CMYK with than Notes You PDF PDF If the Specify the to tected, the or PDF If the protected, Specify the to the EWF EWF Select where If include C ADF, the ADF selection Select the of the Select the to Select or the scanning, the as Whiteboard The Scan displayed. Click Scan
You of the Whiteboard and You specify to Whiteboard of connected Select the to Whiteboard Screen (Whiteboard the To to The the Whiteboard as the If the the the as displayed as the You the text the when using the with of ESC/ the P-R.) whether or to and each whether or to each whether or to when whether or to to each the of Select the following the the The displayed. Click If whether to (This item selected when using the with command of ESC/P-R.) both Commands Whiteboard Click USB or ESC/P-R The following commands supported. commands ESC/Page-Color PCL6 the the The New Not supported. or the the
You the whiteboard with that the whiteboard Whiteboard Screen (Whiteboard PIN displayed to the You whiteboard with to such and You the whiteboard as other and the as The to other where from the Sharing Whiteboard with Other the PIN If necessary, whiteboard to the following (when SSL) Communication Connect/Transfer TCP Once the PIN whiteboard Whiteboard with other The following information displayed the The of to the whiteboard Click the amount of Also, The the whiteboard the amount of broad temporarily when the The Shared Whiteboard screen displayed. the Click The authority selected with this whiteboard Click
to another to and PIN the connected You these Whiteboard Screen with Other Devices" Network information the connected Whiteboard (Whiteboard to the to the PIN the connected the turned off. the the connected Click If the the connected while to the whiteboard the features the features the the You to to from to the whiteboard If the PIN three Click You to shared from the and the whiteboard Connecting to Whiteboard from Other The Shared Whiteboard displayed. the Click The authority selected The following information displayed the The of users to the whiteboard the whiteboard Click to the shared whiteboard displayed, OK to the whiteboard If there of and the whiteboard while to reflected whiteboard the displayed. the the and then other and browsers. OK the and then the and PIN
Select the of the connected when Connecting to Whiteboard Whiteboard (Whiteboard Select authorities Highlighter Black and Collaboration
to the as the connected Whiteboard (Whiteboard the the connected and then to the The the the with the the when the Collaboration Clear the PIN the and then The whiteboard and the connected and then To the whiteboard Read from Template You closing the SSL You to to the whiteboard while to reflected other If there of and the protected AES displayed. and browsers. Copy New You the following to another whiteboard from and computers. Whiteboard Connecting to Whiteboard Screen from PC or You to another whiteboard from or the using
Whiteboard (Whiteboard than XGA OS Aspect than Aspect than Aspect than OS or only) OS than OS than or (Only when Distribute to the selected the whiteboard as PDF or PNG the the connected when to the connected authorities The the of the Whiteboard Connecting SSL of the You If the displayed displayed of the the This directing to connected the to the The following operations height To the whiteboard from the below. features the the connected Whiteboard with Other Devices"
Click to or that You the following operations while or the and within the the selection displayed. You and within the selected: Whiteboard (Whiteboard the of the whiteboard of the or reduce the and within the Ungrouped operations: Copy the following clicking Switches to highlighter that features and Collaboration Switches to to freely. the top of the the and within the Switches to To to the and then OK the You Select from of You other the Select the of the and selected. clicking Select the thickness of the or selected. You that the following specifications: than reduced to Reads PNG/JPEG the whiteboard. Count: or Format: PNG, JPEG
You the following features: Switch to Crop selected PDF/EWF Select freely the Clear Scan Select background the whiteboard from of Whiteboard (Whiteboard features Collaboration that from the connected browser, the reflected ON the with the connected You only displayed the connected the connected of the thumbnails edited. to to the to to the Click Click
The and the the the interactive to the the Projected to from or other and to the interactive or You both the You both and the The such as and other The such as the the displayed, write the using the interactive To the screen using to the and the or the the to turn the interactive "Automatically and the (Source Search)" from connected
To switch the to Whiteboard the [Whiteboard] the or the the Projected You switch interactive to Interactive the to One the to the Interactive Function the to and Sound PC to the and displays with and If third interactive the Interactive Function the interactive the secondary the features with that the interactive features. following displays), write or from to the or or the The and The shown the following The and write the Switches to when Whiteboard
Clears the Projected Switches to Whiteboard The of the the which with of the or operation and the Switches to to freely. the operation. or shows the while The while The displayed. the the of the to the and the of the to the and Click the right of the to thick and the of the to Switches to Switches to highlighter to of the highlighter width of the Click Click Click the right of the to thick and the of the to Switches to Click the right of the to thick and the of the to Switches to Click the right of the to areas, and the of the to areas. Switches to
to the while To from to interactive Switches from to interactive the Projected To from interactive to to interactive retained. Interactive and then and then of the the the Whiteboard displayed, the You to interactive the Interactive Function Press the the from the to On the If the Items that from the Whiteboard the to the Items that from the Whiteboard the PNG the of the the the displayed To the the The the as would using the or the The shown the following
using displays with and interactive One the to the to and Sound Table PC to the and the interactive If third interactive features with the to the features the secondary the following Interactive Function the Interactive Function the that features. from Interactive or or OS X), or To interactive to Network Projection or or the USB1 or USB2 the interactive the connected to with USB the from the the interactive or as would with You select, and interact with from the You from the using interactive If OS X, the Interactive the first the interactive features. Interactive (OS only)" Interactive the to USB Interactive OS X"
from Interactive the and using USB when Performing Operations the Interactive when Projecting with USB and the to the interactive the Interactive USB Turn the Interactive Function HDMI or To interactive with To interactive and USB the USB Interactive Function Select of the following: Press the the and then the Select the USB and then the
interactive or to the from Interactive interference the interactive interactive the from the using USB displayed the right the first Next displayed the from which the displayed, the displayed the If the The The Interactive Function the Select the the to the operating of the connected to On the and then the Select the and OS X: Select XP or Select Select Press the to the Touch Operations with the first
Computer from Projected Interactive You to interactive the following: Pressing the the You the using the interactive or You the following: the the Interactive Function to PC Interactive Select the Interactive Function and the The normally or the If that interactive the the incorrect when from the manually. The PC input or Microsoft Office and the when from LAN Switch to interactive necessary. PC Interactive Advanced the section, and the Press the the and the Interactive
from Projected Interactive the the top of the the of the with the The the top corner. Interactive (OS only) the the right of the the of the with the The the right corner. Select and the the necessary to To interactive the Interactive the software. OS OS OS OS OS or recommended PC G4 or CPU MB or Memory to ON to OFF Select and the
from Interactive (XGA) and or (WUXGA) MB or Interactive to interactive Interactive OS the EPSON Software Interactive Function CD the You already Interactive using the option, which Interactive the Interactive the CD-ROM Turn Double-click the the EPSON Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. You the EPSON Custom Select
To switch and whiteboard the following the You easily switch the interactive using the displayed the To from to interactive To switch interactive and of the following Switching the Interactive You the interactive the following: PC PC Interactive Switching to or the Interactive Function Pressing the the the To from interactive to Wireless the to USB You switch to interactive when the to interactive retained. You switch to interactive when the Computer, HDMI1, HDMI2, USB or LAN.
If connected to the using PC Projection, the to the from which to the from Projected The the from the as would the the the to from. features the used. Selecting Network from the "Whiteboard shown to the of the currently the network connected to the The If connected to the to from those the You the from that PC Projection, and smartphones or that iProjection. You connected the connected the PC software about the with the the PC to the this to the Refreshes the C the selection and to the previous the and then from the Select the
user from the the user selection closed Hear sound from the turned off temporarily) While the selection displayed, the from the PC Projection or the the Select to other interactive the following: the from Screen the the You the selection when connecting to using PC Projection and If the interactive to the the or the the these You the selected
interactive the the or from the You or The the You interactive Interactive allows to the as and as to Interactive (or another Software Interactive Function CD. You the If to when using interactive You Interactive from the EPSON software from the the Interactive Network You to four To the clear Interactive the and the performance Network or You the Microsoft Office applications. You the from the Network Projection. connected to Wireless and then to the interactive The of the following software to Network Projection or and interactive the Network Projection Operation the Network or or OS X) tions. when Connecting to the instructions included with the optional Wireless Wireless or only) USB Follow these when to Network Projection and interactive features: Search the the network specifying the IP that back from the router, to the locations (ICMP) option the You search specifying the when the command. the the back. layered performance and the Interactive With the
Communication and TCP/UDP the Interactive Network the following to the remotely when the to to the that Network Translation (NAT) With VPN and IP-VPN, locations, and Network the that the MAC and options the router. locations. TCP TCP Network Projection the the the to the to the
If or the input and to handwritten input and to and or to the If to the input and features the Press the the and the and Select the and the button. the Interactive Function and the input, and the Select One and the Select of the following:
the of the or the with about seconds, then from the To Slideshow the features, or and the and This Slideshow with XP PC Edition. information about these features, If or handwritten input and to selecting or and function to handwritten to Word spreadsheet, If Microsoft Office or the or Touch the then Select To the Touch right-click or and the the then the Option the of Microsoft Office. To the PC input or You write the using the or then from of options to and the PC PC Microsoft Word or the and then To Microsoft Office the then
both write and the Interactive when You from the right and of the and the interactive features. whiteboard interactive the other or interactive the interactive features the and the to You the where write and with The On using interactive the other as whiteboard. You the to the You the the Switching Screen Projection the Select
Interactive when The currently selected input to the of the the Select You only input that combined. Select the input the and right The displayed. To the the and right, Sources Projection" Select Switch Source
interactive the selected from Interactive when Interactive You the or as while the Press the the Select and then the The displayed. Select the that to interactive and then the button. USB1 or USB2 as the input the selected interactive Press the to the
Functions This chapter and and the security
Functions You from the right and of the You the interactive when the Interactive when Projecting
The combinations of input that below. Sources Projection Functions Whiteboard LAN USB2 USB1 USB HDMI2 HDMI1 Right HDMI1 HDMI2 USB USB1 USB2 LAN Whiteboard
Functions Procedures The currently selected input the of the Press the while Remote Select the Source and then the Select each input and Right using the interactive the "Whiteboard operations from the You the operations from the The displayed. Press the
Press the Switching the and right the following when using the interactive the input that selected. Sources Projection" Functions Select the to and then the Select Screen and then the The Source when the [Source Search] Interactive when The appear as shown below the the following to switch the displayed the and right To switch the the from Select and then the Switching the and right Press the The the and right Select and then the
displayed when input or when Normal Switching the aspect (the aspect to Whiteboard (only when of the to Operations using the the or warning displayed. Processing Light Iris Projection Functions Right Restrictions relating to You both the and right the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the The the to the the right the the the to the the right Advanced and Reduction The and to the the right there input, the the that Background. selected, the The following to the Press the to the Projecting USB (PC Black A/V the Screen from the Press the the Restrictions Projection to the the the without connecting USB such as USB memory or USB This function PC The following operations the
the following information each type. "Projecting the Selected or Projecting correctly. the USB directly to the or the If or USB operations Functions Recording Quality PDF Projecting PDF Supported You to USB that incorporate You while PC the and buttons the security sound played back. MPEG with played Linear PCM and AC-3 MPEG-1 back. MPEG-2 MPEG-4 AAC-LC MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 ASP clearly the ratio too with than to the characteristics of JPEG with than MB The following with the CMYK high. Specifications that Projected PC Notes the following information "Projecting the Selected or with the projected. Linear PCM ADPCM Motion JPEG WMA WMV9 with than with animated than with than You PDF or encrypted PDF
The following the as when the USB to the USB operations from the connected directly to the You PC connecting and You to USB that incorporate to which DRM Rights correctly, or the sound or If when If USB with when back (when higher the The the AC with the Format the FAT16/32. security projected. Projection Functions You the following when with PC the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V the of the Function Projecting and USB PC the USB or to the Press the [Source Search] to the to USB1. "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" "Connecting to the Starting PC PC and the displayed. You PC to or or to continuously Slideshow than (Slideshow)" "Projecting the Selected or
Other or as as shown the following MPEG/WMV/AVI seconds from the of the The following as PDF of the first of the PDF) as JPEG Functions Certificate/Web PFX Certificate/Web P12 WMV MPEG JPEG BMP (CA CER (CA DER PNG GIF (CA PEM AVI (Motion JPEG) PDF displayed as thumbnail, displayed as
You the when with PC and to the or the Projection Functions or While the or PC to If of the and displayed the the the or Next the the of the and the To PC the USB from the USB the such as or off the and then from the PC To to the previous the the Previous or the the top of the and the Press the to Top the the and the displayed. To to the which displayed selected, the the selected The selected displayed.
the Selected or Projection Functions buttons to to the or previous Press the the USB while accessed. PC correctly. The displayed. "Starting PC PC finished, to the Projecting Press the to the and then the To of the following operations. Press the button. Projecting PDF and buttons to the Press the to You PDF PC PDF or or or to the PDF to Press the The displayed. "Starting PC PC Press the The or the played back.
or While the to to the previous or Projection Functions Press the to the Selecting Select the to the or and then If the the displayed the The first the PDF Press the If the while the displayed, the to the selected the expanded to the of the to to and expanded vertically to the height of the While displayed the While expanded the to the You the following operations while PDF displayed.
The following operations while PDF PC 3D artwork Releasing While displayed expanded the to the Functions Scrolling (Slideshow) While displayed the or to the PDF Press the while PDF displayed. Closing PDF Rotating You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. while switching To Switching from the Option PC to other and when Slideshow, You such as repeatedly and than The and then or Press the The displayed. and Slideshow The displayed. "Starting PC PC and buttons to the the the to the Slideshow, and then the The PDF and the displayed. Press the
Slideshow Select the of the and then the Slideshow and the and the Projection Functions You to the to the or while Slideshow. and Slideshow from the when reaches automatically. If Continuous to On the Option the projected, the displayed the You to the or You the to displayed Slideshow. You to Seconds. You to the Ascending or Sort You whether to the Slideshow. Screen Switch Continuous If Switching the Option to when Slideshow. Press the or the to to the the and buttons to the the You the when Effect OK and then the The applied. You the and Slideshow operations the Option Option Select the of the and then the and Slideshow If to apply the the and then the the positioning the the item and the the Option displayed, each of the items. The following shows the each
If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Projection Functions You the displayed when the [A/V A/V from the A/V with the [A/V A/V approximately If to A/V activates and the turned off A/V to ECO A/V You switch off the the when to the what or when to operations such as activated the to the Also, operations such as from without the function activated The A/V the hours to the Each the [A/V A/V or off. Remote Each the or off. Remote
the Remote to from the If the while the or the displayed, the or the that the to back while the while used. where the displayed closed. Projection Functions Function or of the the You the of the from the This allows to the and to the about. the the appears or Remote the
to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Functions Remote Expands the each pressed. You that the or buttons of the the Remote Press the to the Remote The ratio appears the The selected to to and the to the
"Automatically and the (Source Search)" HDMI2 the Remote to the (Wireless Projection Functions buttons: the Once the as follows. the You the from the This function Wireless The following operating the wireless function. OS OS OS OS OS OS OS OS XP OS click. Press to Right click. clicks It to the Wireless function of the operating the following to the Wireless function. to the location. Release the button, While holding the or the to and the to the with the USB USB to Wireless from the USB "Connecting Computer" to the to the the to of the following. USB HDMI1
You the that currently as or of the the Projection Functions You the as when or input. Once the to the factory using the batch function, the If the of the from another "Performing Batch Projectors" the other information and as the If the to the the of the buttons reversed. operating functions other than the Wireless function However, when the or function, the The Wireless function the following USB to other than from connected to the the or HDMI1/MHL using MHL (such as the Wireless or function the to as the and then the the the Remote from
the to the of the to as the You the operations from the Projection Functions and the "Select this displayed, the You Protection from Protection to On displayed and the You Protection)" Protection to If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the or the the the to match the of the the the "Choose this as the displayed,
the to as the and then the the Select the factor from the Functions the Remote Select from The the the "Completed." displayed. the this as the displayed, the previous Select There of to the such as and You the that currently as the
Functions to the currently as the displayed, or the function If selected when Aspect, currently temporarily canceled. the this as the displayed. Select the The the the "The displayed. Once to the factory
to the the of the Protection to On the following the prohibited. Protection The the following security You who the Protection Security Functions Background Screen A/V or from Network Protection On to the "Network Network prohibited. Network Protection You people the the without "Restricting The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft Protection On to the or prohibited. Protection the following to Protection. Protection the to the Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as anti-theft as the At the of purchase, Protection activated, people who know the Protection activated. Protection) the about seconds. The Protection displayed. Remote On Protection On to the and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protection The following three of Protect to the used. of Protection
While holding the four the buttons. The displayed as the fourth the displayed. If the correctly, the Protection If Protection already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions Remote Select the type of Protection to and then the the the the as further theft Protect If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the the the displayed, the the While holding the the the buttons. Press the the Select and then the Select On and then the the The to this to If the displayed the the displayed, and then the
This or shows when to buttons or when to operation. The operated the the Protection temporarily released. Security Functions the Remote Press the while the "The locked." displayed and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the that appears the and the If the of the the Select from If to the operation and input the locked. as "The thirty the following and the of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the following to the operation buttons the Restricting Select or to of the the the locked.
The with the following of anti-theft security Anti-Theft Security Functions through the to the to or wires through when mounting the theft-prevention or from Security the following the Security The security with the Security Security The buttons to the chose. You release the of the following Select when the displayed. the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the released. Select from
This function allows to and operations remotely. the characters the operations such as the of that connected to and the from the and About Microsoft or as the browser. OS X. If to On to and the (when the off). ECO The following of the and functions that You from the following and the of to browser, items that the The reflected the There items that only Items the that Broadcasting High and Interactive Function USB Broadcasting to (JPEG to The manually, or using Download the Broadcasting software from the following Broadcasting software or specified connected the of the of to the the and the
the ID the The ID You the Network from the Network The items each the as the and the following when to the Network and the The ID: EPSONADMIN the following to the Whiteboard Items that only with the The Remote function allows to operations with the the the and connected to the Advanced the to from the If to the displayed. To to that Network Wireless LAN Remote the Network "EPSONREMOTE" as the ID. Remote Click the IP of the the input of the and the the the Network from the the displayed. the The screen displayed. The displayed. The ID and displayed. EPSONWEB as the ID. The
such as when using the Remote to the using the function the following Function [Down] and using PC these buttons displays the previous/next with USB USB to network and the Switches to the from the input where Projected (Source Search)" input. Whiteboard Whiteboard Interactive Features" Press this when the off to the Press this when the to to switches to the input and the interactive features Whiteboard [Whiteboard] [Source Search] of the the the from Whiteboard (This snapshot, the Whiteboard "From to Projection" the or off. Function Whiteboard the the Decreases the Increases the buttons Whiteboard Prints the [Print] C the or playback. the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Turns the and or off. [A/V
Items or Refresh/Clear You to the wireless LAN authentication. and Apply the to the following the and CA wireless LAN security and the HTTP function. Click from Network the to the Items or The appears. Refresh/Clear to the its of Supported Refresh/Clear CA Refresh/Clear to You the from USB from both USB "Projecting USB (PC and the correctly. to
to the warning. Although the security when to creating easily when the they the created Whiteboard the the following and Creating Explanation Item PKCS, P12 PKCS#12 of Supported (PEAP-TLS/EAP-TLS) Whiteboard the the Explanation Item text Format Required. to characters MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes Explanation Item RSA Encryption and Address. to information to information the of the field information. Character of MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes DER/CER/PEM Supported RSA Encryption HTTP from the Network to On security HTTPS applied. You this function to increase security the and browser. of the to from HTTPS to and the HTTP Notes Explanation Item PKCS, P12 PKCS#12 HTTP) from browser, about the when the from If there the and this
the function to On and or warning the the following Reading Explanation Item and RSA Encryption The IP the where the occurred. The of the where the occurred and of the Subject: EPSON the Function to Required. to characters MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes Network Common Optional The of the The below. related Notification, to the when or with This the to of with locations from the Network input to the the or that the the High-speed cooling to of three and to three once. to notifying If and of the Communication to On the (when the ECO off). Interactive Warning Iris
If the command terminates abnormally, and input, the the and and then the command. the following to with or and Detection Command Item SOURCE 1F selection PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF The below. SNMP On to the to the specified when or warning This the to of with locations from the SNMP "Reading the Indicators" SOURCE A0 HDMI2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE HDMI1/MHL SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB1 SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function using SNMP wireless The SNMP this with the SNMP to IP who with the LAN Network SNMP (CR) to the of each command and SOURCE LAN SOURCE USB2 SOURCE Whiteboard MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V ON/OFF You the from ESC/VP21. ESC/VP21 Commands or the the the ON transmitted to the the and the turned Command
Flow Parity: and Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About <At the <At the Connector input RS-232C The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the You to the following information "Network <At the (PC <At the and Command Function AVMT AVMT URL: Non-compatible commands Function ground GND TD Command Source INPT INPT length: RD Communications
You from using Remote operation Command Source INPT HDMI1/MHL and Edition to the to with the and to You or and with software the following This to operations using INPT HDMI2 INPT USB1 INPT USB2 INPT LAN INPT USB INPT Whiteboard You characters and to Communication On the (when the ECO off). The following while using Broadcasting information EPSON "Product information EPSON EPSON About from the The the and therefore built with the displays supported.) It to and integrated connected the and connected to the with wireless LAN, Advanced "Wireless LAN the following carrying operations. The following of
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Turns the and or off. A/V Function Network On Network to from the and Switch to the from the selected input To input that shown the or to or The You the necessary. input displayed You the following operations when the buttons. To C buttons that shown the or to or right. the IP of the the field of the browser, and the the the The displayed. the You the light and the the or playback. You the brightness. Brightness Function reduce that with the buttons to the the Click the to Click the to the without of the of or Click the You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness You the following operations when the buttons. buttons the operations as the and The the You the and following operations when the other buttons. the or off. Function the
the the as the OK Function and If clicked while RGB from the and Switches to the from the input where and the Projected (Source Search)" input. Search and the The following items the operation as the the You the following operations when the Function that currently the (The location the to characters and Location (The to currently from other the to the that characters.) Function Item the Used to to, and from, the IT information the that currently connected. Info the that currently connected. the section. to characters user the (The and To The following when the the You this to the that currently connected. the
the when the to the to characters) New Function Item Select the to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP Function Item and If the the New the as displayed. Confirm Click this to the to the the IP to assign to the currently connected IP the the currently connected Gateway Click this to the to the the currently connected the specified the specified or You You turning the on/off and switching the input as the to Warning the when the to the (The to characters.) New Select the to to the The following items C Function Item You the and the You to the to the function and wireless LAN authentication. front of the If the to the automatically, front of the fire. the If the the the as New displayed. Confirm Select the to to the operation The following items the Click this to the to the
Select turn the the first the to the displayed. If to and Protection related to the and You Protection to Protection to On Protection)" Press the while the the the to the and Function "Soft Operations" Select the item to the Remote the correctly and and Whiteboard the correct. the from Coordinated (UTC) the the Select from the to the DST On to to the through
Press the while the IP Function and the Remote the On whether or to the Daylight the and then the button. the and to the DST Function Daylight Select from Select and then to the and it the of the month, the to and the daylight the the DST the and to the DST New Select from
and the Remote Press the while the Checking Select items that to when the Select operation of the when the You the following item operations. A/V Source Function the Select from the of the and to the the to the "Soft Operations" and Select and then to To to Select and then the
the buttons the or the the to highlight the to and The of the that displayed. The displayed. The appears the when Select and then the the Remote Press the while the Editing Communication ON/OFF
buttons to the to and then the the Select from and Select and then the displayed. the buttons to highlight the containing the Select and then the to or the selected Function
to the of the selected Select and then the the editing. Function and Select and then to editing. the selected To the and then Select and then to the
This chapter to the and its
Select Although using the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
Normal, and Native Aspect Items or Top items the and the and projected. of Functions and Corner and and to Processing Theatre, Whiteboard, DICOM SIM, and Sports, Items or Top to Brightness to Front/Rear, Rear and Remote Shape Info, to Normal, and High Iris RGB, and RGBCMY Advanced 5000K to 10000K, to to to to Sharpness Advanced Touch Unit Items PC Interactive Right Click, Advanced Items Interactive tion and Down, and Right and and Normal NR1, and NR2 Reduction On and Tracking Background, A/V Toolbars, Icon, Whiteboard NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and
Items or Top Hours Items or Top of Functions The of the where the used. Items or Top Remote Network Down, Rear, Rear/Upside Projection Direct On, High Source Search, On Operation HDMI1 HDMI2 A/V A/V Interactive Function, USB Function, Wireless Interactive USB and Advanced On and On and Wireless LAN On and SSID Protected SSID Search Access LAN or Normal, ECO On and Light On and ECO and On and SSID On and DHCP IP Gateway WINS Refresh Info, Source, Info On and Communication On and A/V On and ECO to Info WPA/WPA2-PSK, WPA/WPA2-EAP Security Security On and IP DNS
"Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" Items or Top On and DHCP Wired LAN of Functions On and IP IP Gateway WINS DNS You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Function On and HTTP Network when input. If input, when NTSC input.) You the tint. You the light and the when or You the the input.) You the brightness. Brightness Wired, Wireless Priority Gateway On and AMX Discovery On and On and On and EPSON Broadcasting SNMP You the sharpness. Sharpness items the and currently projected. each
items the and currently projected. each when high selected and tinted when You the of the The tinted selected. that the From to other From to Function of Functions "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" You the when the Whiteboard, USB USB1, USB2 or LAN. correction or to the or RGBCMY You the and brightness of each (red), C (This item selected to RGB You the (red), and You choosing the following items. You the selecting of the of the offset and (yellow) individually. Advanced High light Select to (This item to Normal High to or to the to the corrections to match the of the The each Iris" Theatre or Iris to On to and to when RGB the when the input input.) to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to or to Normal or the when RGB connected input.) Function You the to their the following to items to their
You the input from the If to when to the appears the or such as automatically. If interference to the Function You when appear when RGB the input.) Tracking Function of Functions this You the to or You when the HDMI1 or HDMI2. If (This when the ratio (the of the input.) the the Aspect Ratio of the Projected You the aspect ratio Aspect (This item when the HDMI1 or HDMI2.) You the and right when of the that of the projected. You when or when RGB interference appear the input.) selected, to and the selected, to and the projected. This the (This item selected Interactive when the interactive features. Function to PC Interactive projected. Process This graphics, and to (IP with amount of animation. (This item when Processing to that this to when which Smoothes rough There It recommended such as Reduction You the to their and Processing the following to items to their the HDMI1 or HDMI2 connected to DVD the to the floating or washed the to DVD player's If about Expanded If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected You input from the HDMI
You the of the Function of Functions You the each (This item when the Whiteboard.) Function If to operations from the the the to operations from the You the reception of the operation from the least seconds to the to its Remote You the item the to assigned the the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You of the following items to to the the Info the and to Select and the four corners of the You and selected: Corner selected: Corner" Function You the of the without the the of the "Projecting to the You this to operation of the "Restricting
You the to their the following to items to their and Function to such as You from to or or Function of Functions Interactive Function Items" the following to and the interactive features. "Interactive Function Interactive Function While the displayed, To the the the and correction that the without the or the If displayed "Whiteboard Whiteboard Whiteboard
Rear and Rear/Upside You the as follows holding the [A/V the Select from of the following the Methods" Rear Rear/Upside about seconds. Function Item when the Source, or Aspect Ratio the the when the interactive features. The when the interactive features. The to the following items the the when input, and Background You the A/V You the when the [A/V to Black to the You related to the to On to the whether or the when to Black or when using such as High Warning. when when to or displayed. Function of Functions the that the High to On when the Source Search to to from On when the as the the used. to Communication On If this to the such as Direct On to On to the when the when from the of or higher. The it restored. background Background, A/V and You the that as
that operation You the and and the pre-scheduled Function A/V when to when the this to On to and to Communication On A/V Function of Functions A/V and from the the following to items to their You the to their Allows to the and from the Computer, and USB-A to or from the the input when input when from the HDMI1 or HDMI2 to or HDMI1 HDMI2 the from the selected input selected of the Although the this abnormality. Protection to On Protection, related to and You Protection)" Protection to High and Source Search A/V Interactive Function Allows to the interactive to interactive USB Interactive Function Allows to Wireless function and USB You interactive and USB The Wireless the interactive to the interactive to Wireless Allows to the USB and Wireless functions "Projecting with USB function interactive USB Automatically" Function Interactive Function Items Manually" tion from Projected Interactive the Remote to the (Wireless
of using the the interactive operations to operations another The the the If interactive Advanced Function reference to to On to the the Unit. the following the Touch Unit the the Touch Unit. Touch the operations. Function of Functions Touch Unit only) interference. to the the interactive of using the to to Wired when connecting the "Connecting Projectors" using when the Computer, HDMI1, HDMI2, to PC Interactive function with the the or from the You the interactive the function the interactive to PC the the the USB or LAN.) when using the as that Wired to the of to Wired to synchronization the to to function and whenever Function to the the the of the interactive On to the follows the as the and around. people who to to to the displayed clearing of the Confirm Clear to On the
Allows to operations the of connected to to this to On the as the the the that manually the manually. the interactive The Click Advanced Function when to from the of Functions PC Interactive Whiteboard Screen operations the operating the connected Allows to operations or or OS X. The to operations. when and The input XP or The the interactive or Select when the Allows to operations the and and features interactive or Select when the connected the the interactive or features, and input the connected Function Operation The operating and the text the Whiteboard the the Network "Notes the Network "Soft Operations" Users/Mouse One User/Mouse Allows to One The input and and the and the of users the operations the interactive interactive this to On of the acts as right when to or Users/Mouse or One User/Mouse click. Right Click
of Functions Protect Templates to On templates from to they from Whiteboard or such as and Function Template the You The the Network to characters. Function the to On created Whiteboard to the internal to and the internal to Clear from the internal when the turned off. the to of the turned off. when to Clear function Normally, this to Normally, this to On the and from the of the clock the the Whiteboard. You from QWERTY, QWERTZ, and the the software AZERTY. Clock with the internal or when or of this function from the Template information, and whiteboard the
Communicates with the associated with the IP and the type. Function infor mation of Functions the type of connected Normally the when information Prints The selected as the Whiteboard this automatically. the when Function This as the location when this location when the location Whiteboard Function the to the If nothing the editing, to characters and displayed. username You from to each of the to (where the following IP used. the IP the from to IP the Quality the
the UNC IP or as the You to characters and UNC Function of Functions the If routing tion TCP the the and IP as the CIFS to with the You to characters Select the specifying or IP specifying DNS the and "Wireless LAN SMTP Function You to characters If to the user that read/write authority the the the backslash. SMB to with the To to the the as the to WINS LAN "Wired LAN specifying IP from to each field. the following IP to (where from to used. "Wired LAN characters. the the You to and selected, the and displayed as tion You input the the SMTP The You input to the authentication the Authentication
Shared whiteboard authentication. You to characters used). Function of Functions Network Protection On Protection to displayed and the Network Protection to and then the the the Network If the the wireless LAN correctly. Protection" Network the to as the You to characters the and From to characters the the to You and characters used). the You to to the SMTP and to Whiteboard to the The following the internal Template information
The following network items. LAN Security Wired LAN and Function Network the of Functions Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the to the and of or or to the Notes the Network the following information. Wireless LAN Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. Wire LAN the and the Network the and the Network the Network the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP Info. Wired LAN this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of alphanumerics Soft Operations
and the or the the and buttons the to the to the character. holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to to the and then the input. of Functions the the Network editing, to characters Projection and PC Projection. to You to Remote function that allows to the the characters used). connected Function Remote pressed, pressed, and the the section the SYM1/2 Each the selected and the the CAPS selected and the switches and The following text to On to the when to the to from Network Projection from other computers. Normally this should to On the software SSID the and the to the Network ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
If network created the and This with Network the to when the becomes easy to the Projection. If SSID to On the If Advanced the established and wireless LAN. created Function To the to using wireless LAN, the Wireless LAN LAN of Functions Advanced when and the through the to the LAN Unit" If to when this to On search the from connecting to from this to and the SSID the SSID automatically. to to. SSID. SSID the wireless LAN from the browser). SSID to or You to characters which the the SSID. ANY to establish ANY SSID SSID this to On when connecting the and wireless LAN. If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. Function Wireless LAN to Advanced search surrounding and the SSID to connected from those the they displayed the You security separately. "Search Access interference from other You the to If Search Access with WPS Protected You easily the to the and security this when to wireless LAN Follow the on-screen instructions. Protected To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID If this to On You whether or On to DHCP DHCP
To the IP from displayed the LAN this to Function IP You from to each field of the to (where the following IP used. You input the IP assigned to the from to IP Function of Functions Detected displayed Search Access You input the the You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the You input the IP the the the following Gateway used. to (where from to and the DNS allows You from to each field of the DHCP to On DNS information to (where DHCP. At that these priority. to of created the interactive the following IP used. from to DNS If where security the Security displayed. type of security to If where security the Indicates the where security the security the Wireless LAN displayed. Indicates already Function Searches the Refresh You from to each of the DHCP to On WINS information specifying as location, WINS to (where allows to the created the DHCP. At that these priority. interactive features. this when WINS and the following IP used. specifying If WINS from to WINS
You WEP as this the Wireless LAN recommended that security. of Functions Security WPA2-PSK(AES) when SSID to On Communication WPA2 security. Encryption selected to Encryption selected to from to the the the which the WPA/WPA2-EAP WPA AES establishing WPA/WPA2-PSK WPA the Select this item when using You type of security. the the Advanced selected Security Security selected LEAP. Security Function
WPA/WPA2-EAP Selected WPA/WPA2-PSK Selected of Functions PEAP Authentication PEAP-TLS Authentication EAP-TLS Authentication to LEAP Select this when these authentication the authentication. when used. EAP Function the You least and to pressed, the and as It recommended to the the characters. the to input the the the with Network Projection, of security. If the initialized, to the and the Passphrase Function than characters, You to characters the to the the to the The iProjection.
specifying the to On to authentication of the reduce the of connecting to authentication Function RADIUS to authentication. You than characters, You to characters the from the displayed. You If PEAP-TLS or EAP-TLS, the obtained the the authentication to characters. another to the Function of Functions You to characters Specify the authentication used). On to to of the of RADIUS Wired LAN If to the the backslash. to authentication. You to characters. the and selected, the and as than characters, You to characters the to the If this to On You whether or On to DHCP DHCP Function information the It the to the and to On to the authentication To to CA Certificates" You from to each field of the to (where You input the IP assigned to the However, the following IP used. from to IP information the CA It the the to and CA
You input the the You from to each field of the the following used. Function of Functions You from to each of the You input the IP the the the following Gateway used. to (where from to and the DNS allows You from to each of the DHCP On to DNS information to (where DHCP. At that these priority. to of annotations created the interactive the following IP used. from to DNS Gateway If the OK with You to characters the the The Whiteboard used). Function You from to each of the DHCP to On WINS information specifying as location, WINS to (where allows to the created the using DHCP. At that these priority. interactive features. this when WINS and the following IP used. specifying network If WINS from to WINS This to the You to characters. The the first character should alphabetical character, and the character should character.) and Network You to characters to when the using software. used). "About To the IP from the LAN this to IP
this to On when connecting to the information Function to when and the using You to using the connected characters used). function that allows to and the Function of Functions You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to You Broadcasting and its from the following or EPSON Broadcasting You to characters to used). Pass this or the "Reading On security with recommended to this to To strengthen security, the and encrypted. HTTP to the to the to the SNMP "SNMP SNMP On this to when or the the "About this to Discovery this to On this to to from AMX or AMX Discovery. to allow the to AMX the Wired or Wireless Priority Gateway AMX covery to On to to the when or warning with Notification Function On this to the following functions restarting. Broadcasting
You from to each field of the to (where You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. from to SMTP Function of Functions You input the the SMTP The You input to than characters, You to characters to. You to three You to characters the You input the of the to the the to the information the It the WPA/WPA2-EAP Security PEAP-TLS selected and or You to when to the and Clear Select to the EAP-TLS EAP selected Function The the the the function the The Issued to and information displayed. This information displayed (This item only when HTTP to On Select Refresh to the WPA/WPA2-EAP selected Security when the information the CA It the You to CA when the to and Select Clear to the authentication CA You the or to about notifying that or warning occurred. You the selected or warning the to the items from the displayed items.
You from to each field of the to (where You to IP the SNMP However, the following IP used. from to Function Trap IP 1/Trap IP the the displayed. This information The to and information (This item when HTTP to On when Select Clear to the Function of Functions the community of SNMP. You to characters the Community You the from USB from both USB and the correctly. to of the SNMP and back to their and the the the appears. the the Passphrase, To of the Network Function the to the SNMP On to to the using SNMP To SNMP should The SNMP Function
to On the to the (This item only when to projected. This to reduce the amount of electricity lowering the brightness The each to the projected. Normal or Light Function ECO the functions to to each of Functions ECO input and operations specified of the the off. input, the to of Also, input to On this when operating A/V Also, A/V and specified of passed, the the off. A/V the to On this off the to operating A/V On to the the off within of to Function and the from the If On the following and to when operations the A/V to On and the to Advanced when wireless LAN. ECO the too bright, such as when or the surrounding brightness the and the brightness You the brightness to of Select using high or locations to high ECO selected, to and rotation reduced. tion Network Wireless LAN
the operating reaches the the characters displayed Info Function to On when the brightness from to or to displayed the of the to the power-saving ECO Function of Functions the the to the the the Source the the connected currently projected. the the following to ECO You the to their items to their Info only) Info the information. It service required. occurred the It service the information about that required. ID the occurred the following the information the connected through the the the IDs, when the and the "About ID" ID. the Refresh Rate the refresh the of the and the of the Items that displayed the currently the used, input supported. "Automatically and the (Source Search)" The as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and the firmware
of Functions The following items to their items the Network You items the to their and Function Clears the hours this when the
Performing Batch Once the to batch (batch function). the Network USB memory. of the following
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the Confirm the selection. If with the the displayed to the You the the and as shown the screen below. Press the to the the Remote The displayed. Press the Select the following the function to the the Remote
If with the first the and "Reading the Indicators". the following the clearly what the might The with the following four The and of the shows the of the the Reading the Indicates the C Indicates the Indicates the
Explanation Indicates the internal to the the this This the immediately turning the Warm-up seconds the this off the the Warm-up Flashing On If the disconnected and then reconnected this the The and (when to flashes Network supply This the immediately turning off the this Cool when the the this If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. The Normal the following the of and to the using the the from the and or the the Stop the the from the and or the the or Flashing Flash Flashing Flash
or The off and that the and and that the the switches to the following High (Overheating) from the and or the the If the the using the the "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or Flash High On using of or to High the and whether cracked. the following the "Cleaning the Clean the Flash If the Stop the the from the and or the the If the cracked the and the cord. If cracked or the the the replaced.) If the or the correctly, the that the and cover securely the of or High to On High
or that the and and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warn Stop the the from the and or the the Iris Flashing Flashing Flash Flash If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or the with State Flashing State Flashing State State Flash Flash that there with the displayed. The off action the following sounds, and the the Detection If the the the from the and or the the Clean the there "Cleaning the Flash
the following the operating properly, though the showing the If the shown this the the from the and or the the
the Screen with the Interactive If of the following and the offer to the each the from the Projected Connecting to the The occurred the Interactive Function." Displayed Computer's Not Work Correctly The Interactive Not Work The the Interactive when Projecting USB the completely Appear played back from appear and Not Displayed the the Portion to Touch Operations Correctly only) The Automatically or to the Next to the Whiteboard of Shared the Shared the Screen Whiteboard Operations while or Projection Automatically The "Not supported" Displayed The Displayed of or Distorted Interference or Distortion Appear The Cursor when USB The Truncated or the Aspect Ratio Not of the displayed, or the height and or the Reversed of the the of the Correctly Normally Scan Normally The of the Not Reflected Correctly the Source Other Appear The whole appears or white, or appear Colors Not Right Sound Heard or the Sound There the when USB The Remote Not Work to the and The Not Turn On when Projection
The Authentication of Wireless LAN Not with the The "The that clock Displayed to Appear The connected correctly or supplied. the correctly. "From to Projection" of the off? Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? the and to supplied. Press the to the the that the USB connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the USB connected correctly? when USB the to the the connected when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when of the the correct? USB or the when USB or network displayed Applications the DirectX function correctly. when USB or the DirectX function displayed?
Not Displayed the Moving Portion the from the to only. or the The to copyright protected that played back the with the the of the trying to copyright protected? the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Projection to On If operations specified of while A/V to On If the A/V To the from switching off automatically, each to If of these to On the off the following ECO A/V input. or A/V to On If the power-saving and operations specified of the the to the the power-saving the to the the connected when from the correct? The "Not supported" Displayed the with the to the and refresh Displays" from the the and refresh to the when
The Displayed If the only to the computer's LCD or accessory the If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the to Turn the and off and then that the output externally. when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory "From to Projection" back the the [Source Search] the or the "Automatically and the (Source Search)" the selected? that the securely connected. "From to Projection" the connected correctly? Turn the the the of the connected or turned when from or the to the with built-in LCD If the power-saving and operations of the the to the the power-saving Computer's of the recommended and Projection within the recommended the the the to the "Correcting the the correctly? of or Distorted the of the with the Only)" the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the the Aspect Ratio of the Projected of the input the Aspect Ratio correctly? If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the Interference or Distortion Appear If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? The the the and the of the If the the to the the to anything other than when the to If the correctly Press the the or the Tracking from the the and Tracking correctly? when the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's Click EPSON USB USB and then clear the layered layered selected? when USB
The Cursor when USB Click EPSON USB USB and then the of the smooth. this function.) becomes this selected the of the smooth. selected? The Truncated or the Aspect Not or the Reversed the to the the connected projected? when the to the Press the the or the when RGB input from the Computer the correctly? Press the the to of the the You the from the If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the when the to the or the of the the or the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's the the from of the following: Rear Rear/Upside Projection the correct?
Colors Not Right the following to the the the from connected to the the input match the from the connected that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the from connected to the the Brightness from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? the RGB or RGBCMY from the Advanced to the and from the the and correctly? when from the from the the correctly? the the Brightness and from the Brightness the correctly? ECO Appear the nearly ready the become and the the the with to the the from the the correctly?
The become when high or location to high Although this to the using the high or location to high Press the to the the when The Not Turn On the the the from the and There the cord, or the the cord. If this or the the the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or supplied. Disconnect and then the cord. "From to Projection" of the off? the and to supplied. Press the the If to the to the to the from the Remote the correctly?
with the Interactive when the interactive the first that the Also, the Automatically" the of the correctly. correctly? PC to from the Interactive Function PC Interactive to the USB to Interactive Function or USB Interactive Function from the USB to USB Interactive Function to PC Interactive from the USB the following correctly? from the Projected Connecting to the using the interactive or as the the interactive as would the to from the to the operating of the connected Interactive Function Operation Users/Mouse One User/Mouse or from the the correctly? the USB You to the and then reconnecting the USB the USB connected correctly? the to the USB and might If when the to USB
The occurred the Interactive Function." Displayed the the occurred the interactive features. the interactive from the or off. the interactive the Computer's Not Work Correctly or microphone the the interactive malfunction. Switch off the such as light that The with other things such as light that the Also, the when front of the There the the interactive and the The Interactive Not Work when using the interactive the first that the Also, the Automatically" the of the correctly. correctly? become the optional (ELPKC28). If the interactive the as interference operations to of the from the "Connecting Projectors" the allow light to the screen or the Interactive Function receiver. The surrounding too bright. the battery. The Interactive Function of
The the Interactive when USB Interactive operations when the Click EPSON USB USB and then the and the tracking of the interactive used. only) Operations Correctly only) that the the Unit lights If the the Touch Unit that Interactive Function Touch Unit Touch Unit to On from the the Touch Unit turned the Touch Unit from the the Interactive Function Touch Unit the Touch Unit? The Touch Unit correctly. the the Touch Unit correctly? Touch If the and the touched the match, from the Touch Operations with the operations? If there with the Unit's or the the commands correctly. the Touch Unit or the there such as with the surroundings of the Touch Unit or Installation the such as light that from the or the from the Information from the correctly to other things, such as light that The Automatically or Not to the Next
the Shared Whiteboard If operations the or the operations the or the If operations the interactive operations the interactive to operations the or while operations the interactive or The whiteboard to the the Whiteboard connected when whiteboard the whiteboard to to the specified location? Operations while or Protected the protected? the of the Correctly USB that the USB-A connected to the USB-A the the Whiteboard Next, to that normally. the connected correctly? USB USB connected? Normally the and release the occurred the
Scan Normally If the correctly, the function Also, stand-alone supported. the connected correctly? If the the function the and release the occurred the from the ADF, the ADF when from the ADF? The of the Not Reflected Correctly The to to correctly clock and internal Whiteboard the correctly? the Source Processing You the processing. If to the processing, the operation that processed. the functions Scan, or Sound Heard or the Sound Other Disconnect the from the input and then the that the securely attached to both the and
the that sound heard. the to the If when HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI the Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the the or from the to the the the HDMI1 and HDMI2 from the A/V the input selected? EPSON USB USB Click and then from the from the selected? when USB There the when Projecting USB The the the to while the to Increase the the and the the the the to while the to The Remote Not Work the the operation. the light-emitting the the operation? The operating the about "Remote the too from the
the location where light the receiver. the to from Remote the sunlight or light from the receiver? Remote the from the Remote Remote the the selected? the Remote the the or the the to the and the from the the The Authentication of LAN If the wireless LAN correctly the authentication the correctly. correctly. the correctly? Not with the Communication On To the function when the from ECO the Communication On to
If the or the the the to abnormality and the to to the the correctly. the function correctly the that or functioning correctly. to the or the the The internal supply that clock The "The battery that clock Displayed "EPSONWEB" as the ID. This the ID the the following when to the and the the The The ID: EPSONADMIN the ID and correct?
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID the and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the and then the Network unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network Projection. the occurred the 04FF disconnected from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP "Network to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network Projection the Other network information. Communication the connected to unauthorized that the wireless LAN security correct. "Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. that the wireless LAN security correct. Also, the correctly. The EAP authentication type the 089A
ID "Security EAP authentication 089B About ID correctly, or the correctly, the the and If the internal the The built-in correctly. 0B01 the occurred the Whiteboard function. 0BFF EAP authentication 089C 089D
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
the with or the to shocks, as easily become You should the it becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the when the the displayed with sound. cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the cleaning, off the and the shock. Cleaning the If the the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. that to and from the The catch fire of the high of the the Warning cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the Warning that to and from the The catch fire because of the high of the the
Press the the cover and the cover. the cover. the with or the to shocks. Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. the of the malfunctions. Cleaning the "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the cleaning, with and lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the and collecting the the internal of the to leading to malfunction or early of the or Clean the immediately when the displayed. off the and the the cord.
the the the of the and the straight the Cleaning the from the front.
If displayed, cleaning, to the with the the cover. Cleaning three months. Clean them often than this the It recommended that clean these least once every
The flashing and the flashing This section to the and the "It to Please or www.epson.com to purchase." The following displayed. It to the when: the The or to The seconds.
that or that the the cover gently. when the as of and If of or If or the and used, fire, shock, or cracked and to the of the cover, Also, that the cracked. the of or mouth, physician immediately. the there Warning to the brightness and of the The to appear the following to Normal About (TBD) hours to ECO About (TBD) ECO Attention If to the the passed, the displayed, the with as as that the increases. the hour the turned off the to the cooled sufficiently the cover. If the burns or other It sufficiently cool repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the displayed. You should ready malfunction caused the of covered the of option The of and or warranty. the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the with the or cross-head screwdriver. Then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver cover straight and to off the and the the cord. that the whenever the "Cleaning the to the The when the from or
If the cracked, with or further the the the mounted or from cover and it with to from and to the the the fixing screws.
the the the that fits firmly, and then the the fixing screws. the the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. cover correctly, the of with The records the and and when to the the the hours from the the Hours the cover.
the hours the replaced. the indicated correctly. If the though the cleaned, the the The when the from or off the and the the cord. to the Press the the cover and the cover. the cover. the the of the and the straight the
the cover. the
of properly with of the of the
when the high ELPFP13 ELPFP14 purchase these products as and when The following of optional and as of: of The following optional and Please to without Optional and the interactive features. You interactive with the the to the interactive to the and as Interactive ELPPN04A/ELPPN04B the interactive Interactive ELPPE01 ELPPS02 when such as OHP or ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPDC11/ELPDC12/ELPDC20 Optional to the or the the connecting that the interactive the to the the following Remote ELPKC28 when to the ELPKC22 as as ELPLP80 ELPAF40 when to wireless LAN This the as the wireless LAN with the when to establish one-to-one the and with Wireless USB ELPAP09 ELPKC19 to Wireless LAN ELPAP07 when the when the Interactive Table Mount ELPMB29 ELPMB23 mount
Unit: C and to using Unit: to C Screen Unit: to C The the and the of the (when The the and the top of the (when mounting or or vertically) such as Projection The the and the top of the (when The the and the of the (when C mounting or or vertically) such as
to C and
Refresh Rate Supported Supported HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA Refresh Rate WXGA XGA VGA SVGA from the HDMI WSXGA+ UXGA MAC19 MAC13 MAC16 WSXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ when other than the input. functions when selected as the from the MAC21
Refresh Rate SXGA Supported SXGA+ UXGA HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate HDTV VGA SDTV from the MHL HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV
Product Specifications Specifications (W) (H) (D) including section) WXGA (W) (H) TFT active LCD (Communication (Communication On): to UHE ELPLP80 AC supply On): to to +30C to to +35C to to +60C to
Connectors RCA Specifications HDMI only PCM) HDMI1/MHL input HDMI PCM) HDMI2 USB A) USB-A USB A) Wireless LAN USB USB B) USB-B RJ-45 LAN RS-232C SYNC DIN TCH only) Supports USB the of USB guaranteed.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to instructions, interference to there that interference off and the user to to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING LCD of Product: H612/H665 EPSON
This with of the FCC to interference, and this interference received, the following this including interference that operation. FCC Specifications
Appearance Units:
Appearance Without With Units:
This section the terms that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without The ratio and its with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The brightness of the light and of increased or to and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP and international that and DICOM HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP However, the to protected with updated or of HDCP HDCP that the and This (router) to information to other from the top of the and to the to displayed other High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or greater aspect ratio of HDTV wireless LAN which through information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with High-definition interfaces such as smartphones and high and high without the and charges MHL to connected to IP
to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV operating (OS) and the If the both the and the connected international that that that easily to SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless with the SSID. SSID Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking This that the of the from the IP with of SXGA with of SVGA Protected the as of easily and wireless LAN. WPS Protected This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of XGA with of VGA
The following acts the Telegraphy Act. Wireless Telegraphy Regulations rights of this publication reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or transmitted or mechanical, from the of the information Notes and (including the Removing the of Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations Neither Corporation its affiliates to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Furthermore, the to and and of XP", and this the operating to as to with the to XP, from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the OS OS OS OS OS OS OS or or related to please this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of this the operating to as OS OS OS OS "OS "OS and "OS Furthermore, the "OS X" to to them
WPA WPA2 and Protected of the or of Microsoft Corporation the United States EPSON and ELPLP or of the SEIKO EPSON HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of RSA Security Inc. BSAFE of RSA This includes RSA BSAFE software from RSA Security Inc. RSA Microsoft, and the of the Group. Security Inc. the United States and/or other OS, and OS X, of Apple Inc. of Inc. service of Apple Inc. and/or other countries. CORPORATION. Notice: Notes MHL, the MHL and High-Definition the or Other and and of PDF SDK Copyright Software www.foxitsoftware.com, or already of their respective owners. and rights those of MHL and LLC the United States and/or other countries. the United States of America and other countries and areas. rights Inc. of HDMI Licensing LLC. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights