Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the each
Function "Correcting the the The this EB-G6750WU (with the ELPLS06 attached). and Functions the this and then and Attaching the Unit" the from the Remote the the C The of the and whether they flashing or the of the "Reading the Indicators" Indicates the of the or optional "Optional Accessories" wireless LAN Wireless LAN to the internally. "Cleaning the Turn the to the of the the of the or the interface section. the cover this to the cover. the cover to the internally. Function Turn the to the of the the of the Projected or right. or releases the the and that become or heat the from the While or burns, or to
Interface when the the cover Function and Functions Rear from connected to the RGB from and from other RGB from and from other BNC C Function Function "Interface" Interface from connected to the BNC the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C the optional and from the the the Remote the "Optional Accessories" the Remote the to the HDMI from Reference The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security to the C from connected to the or the from
from Function and Functions to the from the You input from other or connected to the Computer or the BNC from the currently to and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI computers. This with HDCP from DisplayPort DisplayPort LAN to the optional HDBaseT "Connecting HDBaseT (EB- G6750WU Only)" from connected to the DisplayPort or the HDMI "Optional Accessories" HDBaseT (EB- G6750WU only) such as the foot to the the of the foot Function This to the This should normally used. Service Connects LAN to to LAN such as turn to and the to the Rear Screw to the cover the Screw to the cover C
the allowing to to the buttons. "Restricting Operation" buttons C Function through and the lock" Function and Functions Security displayed, and the selection and If while RGB from the or the BNC the or the and to the displayed, this selects items and If when the or the the the the optional Mount when the the from this screw to the and the Unit" using the screw supplied. "Optional Accessories" mount fixing (four screw to the Screw the displayed, this selects items and If when the or the the buttons the Info from the "Info Only)" buttons displayed, this selects items and If when the or the the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V the the the or off. Function to the input that "Automatically and the (Source Search)" [Source Search]
Remote Function the function. and Functions If when the displayed, it the to the displayed, this selects items and If when the or the the Correction from the the Correction buttons and the the the
displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the Function Function the and Functions "Projecting the or as Each the pressed, the Acts as when the optional "Optional Accessories" wireless receiver. If while RGB from the or the BNC Tracking, and "Switching to the Remote to from each input input buttons C The [SDI] this The [HDBaseT] EB- G6750WU. the off. to the or when from connected selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to buttons. the the assigned item items, and assign to of these Select item from the one-touch the Decreases the Increases the buttons Each the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the Projected [Aspect] the or Network this to from the Protection" the the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and the optional wireless receiver, these buttons the "Optional Accessories" and the the buttons this and the buttons to the ID the to "ID the [ID]
the pressed, the "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Function this switch to ID "ID the [ID] switch Function and Functions to the input that "Automatically and the (Source Search)" [Search] light when outputting approximately seconds. This when the the buttons the the the this the light-emitting and the which shows to with they the the optional and outputs from the "Optional Accessories" If the of the or that the other the AA or AA or ready. You becoming this them with the Remote light- The when displayed the the to their this and the to Protection" and numbers. or reduces the without the of the buttons the following the batteries. the battery cover. Instructions If when the displayed, the to the previous Acts as right when using the optional "Optional Accessories" wireless receiver. the function. While the cover catch, the cover the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Turns the and or off. [A/V
and Functions the with Remote operating the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, injury, or to the Press the cover clicks the cover.
To reception of the from the Remote Remote and Functions and Attaching the Unit using with other the Remote The operating the that Turn the the to the the the specified the following of that "Optional Accessories" with the the when the insertion section facing or the Attaching Tighter Turn the clockwise further. the with the screw with the Turn the counterclockwise and that of the the white the top, and then clockwise hear the straight the with
and Functions the when necessary. If or the and malfunction. to the section with hand or If or the of the If the the to the the of the the the with screw, the screw. the with the screw to the from If the without the and the and malfunctions or the of the with the the facing to or to the that malfunction tightened. While the turn the counterclockwise hear click.
and Functions the straight as released.
the This chapter to the and
Can The the following The mounted or Also, mounted to Installation the of when the Service to this or the the and from mount). If correctly, the This or Warning If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This serious to the mount the screws from and or and cover the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the and the Can within the of and the the optional mount when the "Optional Accessories" from mounted Inv Direction to On that and Inv Direction the operations and of the buttons the match.
Each of the buttons, the of as to the as to the the there of least the and the and the the to finished the and then the the of the there of least the Projection You the of the from the Direction the from the to the Direction correctly. The operating reduced Press the while Direction Select from
Press the while the the the each as follows. the The of the background the Select from Select the aspect Select from Rear/Ceiling Rear Press the to the the aspect ratio the the Aspect Ratio of the as the Network Projection Software CD-ROM. of the correctly. You the of Network Projection and PC and PC Projection from the EPSON Projection from the following You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Direction the when the Direction This function Broadcasting the to the aspect ratio of the used. The where the displayed matches the of the
You the of the there the of the and the to the the of the the the Press the to the to EB-G6750WU The the following If the to when EB-G6750WU/EB- If the to when using EB-G6350/EB-G6150 G6650WU/EB-G6550WU/EB-G6450WU/EB-G6250W/EB-G6050W Press the while the You the to the and right. Select from The of to the of first. Press the the or the the while displayed to the without buttons to the of and the the You the the background Screen Select from
Top buttons the or the the to the Press the the To items that while the or to the from the connected Correction Edge Brightness Multi-Projection of the the the of the Projected Press the to the The shifted to the of the when the directly front of the Release the lock. The following while the displayed. Top RGBCMY RGB Advanced
the and least the The when both the and right turning the the the The within which the shown below. Turn the and the to the of the The of the to both the and when the of finished the lock. the height with the the from the to the top. If from the top to the the slightly
the the throw ELPLU01 Follow the below to the when the shifted or right using the function. Turn the anti-clockwise further. Turn the to the of the the the around the of the the You the the Correcting the the turned the
If the around the of turning the Turn the to the the using the throw ELPLU01, to ELPLU01 from the that correction correctly. or the front foot to You the of the the to the correcting the around the of the focused. Correct the The the of the becomes to the that to the front foot. the front foot. and the rear to the the
Press the while the ID the Select the ID to and then the Select ID and then the the from the foot. The attached and that the they than the foot. ID Press the to the ID the and the the to only the with ID. This when to from the the ID. Operation the that within the operating of the operating IDs when the ID to or the ID to
While holding the [ID] to to match the ID of the to "Checking the ID" the while holding the [ID] the Checking the ID Remote Remote Once this the that operated the The ID the the to them and the ID retained. the to the (ID0). the buttons, the ID the It about three seconds. the [ID] switch to On. the ID You the the The and wireless LAN authentication. Function" the
the from Coordinated Universal (UTC) Function the the first the to the displayed. the from displayed. the the the daylight DST whether or On to the and the Daylight The applied. Function Daylight Protection related to the and You Protection to Protection to On Protection)" Press the while the the and to the DST The Daylight applied. the and to the daylight DST Select and then the the to the and the and "Soft operations" Select from to On to the through The applied. the IP and then the Function Press the to Function the
The location, and the connected. Connecting You from the the the to the using the to the You from the connecting the the to the using the to the BNC To from the of the following 5BNC using the Connecting the HDMI the to the HDMI You the with the the DisplayPort to the DisplayPort. You the with the DisplayPort commercially HDMI C
Connecting BNC DisplayPort OUT DisplayPort HDMI OUT HDMI If HDMI or DisplayPort to the to the HDMI A/V HDMI DisplayPort or DisplayPort to DisplayPort with lock. the the the section and the A/V the from
To from DVD players or VHS and to the of the following Connecting Sources Connecting You from the the the to the the the to the You from the the output the to the the the to the You from the the output the to the the the to the You from the the the to the the the to the BNC (R/Cr/Pr, G/Y, (RCA) and BNC/RCA optional "Optional Accessories" C the HDMI the to the HDMI You the with the using HDMI
Connecting AUDIO OUT (L,R) AUDIO OUT (L,R) AUDIO OUT Cr/Pr HDMI OUT HDMI AUDIO OUT Cr/Pr BNC(R/Cr/Pr, G/Y, If the or of the try to force The or malfunction. If the input when to the malfunction.
A/V the from Connecting If HDMI to the to the HDMI to A/V HDMI If the to to the with the or optional to to the Connecting the to the the with the the to the using You and or to to IN
the following to and when the to Communication On Connecting the the from the built-in and switches to A/V A/V A/V to On Connecting LAN LAN or other to the LAN with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN connecting to the and the of the LAN To malfunctions, or higher shielded LAN the optional HDBaseT with 100BASE-TX LAN Connecting HDBaseT (EB-G6750WU Only) "Optional Accessories"
Connecting the with the HDBaseT or shielded LAN Ethernet or or when using the wired HDBaseT to On from the or disconnecting the LAN off the the and the HDBaseT that when to On the LAN RS-232C and Remote
the LAN the Wireless LAN Unit Connecting the cover operation and the cover. the cover. the with screw. the the LAN the cover.
attaching the cover, the connected clean to the installation. (The of Attaching the Connecting the together with Attaching Tighten the screws the cover. (You the screws with the the cover the the back of the
This chapter to and
The following while input. Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) Press the [Search] the or the [Source Search] the to from the currently the the or connected, the [Search] the or the [Source Search] the the connected, playback this operation. EB-G6750WU only
Press the the to the Decreases the Increases the Switching to the You directly to the the following the Projecting the from the Remote The input each shown below. Remote of hearing. the off, that and then increase the high to from connected the EB-G6750WU only You the of the following the
of the caused or of Correction" Correction the You of the following Correcting Distortion the Manually the and independently. when from Corrects which partially, or the Correction" Correction the You the selected directly. the Manually the four corners Corner" Corner The of and the Manually the and corrected to the Select Correction from Press the while
the to the correction If the "If this the distorted."is displayed, the Select and then the Projected This allows to manually each of the four corners of the Select Correction from Press the while Corner buttons to the correction and the buttons to the then the buttons to the to and then the and the If the "If this the distorted."is displayed, the Corner Select and then the the reduced.
Press the while Correction If the least seconds, the displayed. Select to the of Corner buttons to the to and then the and the If the "If this the button. distorted."is displayed, the Select Correction and then the Select Correction from buttons to the of and the corner. the the shown that allows to the to corrected displayed. the the further the If the further." while indicated the selecting corner, the to the corner. If the least seconds, the displayed. procedures and as to corners. buttons to the and the Select to the of Correction. the to the correction
Selecting the Quality (Selecting Projected You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. bright This the brightest bright Application If the the the as shown the screenshot below, the further that such as bright The and brought that to the The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre The and projecting photographs and other This with clear DICOM SIM the tone each from Multi-Projection from to as to Press the to to the previous This only selected when or when This only selected when RGB or when LAN the or selected as the input the to the correction
3D Multi-Projection 3D 3D Theatre the the the and the (red), and It necessary to and This the of right the Aspect Ratio of the Projected You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input aspect the currently the the aspect 3D You the following optional items to and 3D the the with the optional items. You from the 3D the [Aspect] the the aspect displayed the and the aspect ratio 3D 3D to On from the 3D (ELPGS02A/ELPGS02B) "Optional Accessories" (ELPPL01) The following when 3D the optional (ELPPL01), their tint. 3D 3D 3D
or Normal The aspect as follows. or Normal aspect ratio based information from the input. Explanation Aspect Native and from the HDMI port/HDBaseT or Normal Native while the aspect ratio of the input Normal the while the aspect the input to the of that the of the projected. the of the aspect ratio of aspect ratio of of the input that the to the of the the of the projected. Native Native
Advanced Select and the correction You the aspect ratio from the Aspect Advanced to or Normal from the If of the the to the of the the selected, the of become selected, reduce the brightness of the the lighter become to the The Saturation, and Brightness each of the (red), C and Saturation, and Brightness from the Advanced RGBCMY If DICOM SIM from the the to the correctly to and specifications. If the inches or If the inches or Advanced from the while the the the that the connected from the
buttons the the to the where to the the brightness, then the to the to smooth-moving You The and previous to such as when (EB-G6750WU/EB-G6650WU/EB-G6550WU/EB- G6450WU only) from the Advanced from the using the while the
You the of Normal or High to them.
Functions This chapter and the Security
ID the and the the of the Follow the below. to from the of and tone each to Function the of the from the that the of the the of the Checking the to match There of from from each and creating Correction Corner Correction shift/Zoom the from each using the function to the and least the because The displayed to the without connecting right turning the from the correction the that without or reduced. Corrects which partially, or the areas. Correction The the the function to the of the as
buttons to to the to correct, and then the and the the the and corrects the the of intersection from to and and Multi-Projection Function Correction Select from Press the while buttons to and the If the "If this the distorted."is displayed, the Correction and then the Correction Select and then the or the the and the To to another the to to the and then and Select the of the when Correction correction. the to the correction the of or and then the Correction corrections to their
Select Brightness and then the Select to as the brightness. 3D the to (or 3D Checking the Function Press the to to the Press the while the Performing the Edges of the (Edge and Select Edge and then the Select from The following displayed. that the brightness the each the of the that the brightness as the You the the Brightness the brightness of each Brightness EB-G6450WU. to Normal match exactly. Press the while Select from
Edge Select and then the Turn Edge Multi-Projection Function Select and then the On Select and then the On Select and then the Press the Press the the If the clear, the of the Colors Select and then the Select On and then the Press the the of The to On to the function where and the the to of the to On to the function. to when from Edge Function Edge/Right Top Edge Select Top Edge Edge Right Edge Edge to the and then the Top Edge/Bottom Edge/Right Edge. Select and then the Select On and then the Press the On to to the the You from three of Curve to On to to match the of the You the of from the three. Colors
Press the while Select from The when the and the the the to the Function Select and then the The following displayed. There from white, and to each individually. Brightness Correct. from to white each Correct. (B/Y) the tone and yellow. Correct. (G/R) the tone and red. and to Press the Curve. to Select and then the the buttons to Select Brightness Correct. and then the the brightness. pressed, the the and the Whenever the Select the amount of from to and then the Press the to The of the Curve Select and then the to Match Colors Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) Select or and then buttons to the the Follow the below to the brightness of the projected and the that The brightness and
Select or and then the to the currently displayed. the to the correction to and each Function section of the and displayed. This allows to combining from Press the while Scaling to the (the which displayed). Select and then the the Select On and then the Select from On to Press the to to the previous Press the to to the Select and then the
buttons, then Select the with the buttons. the Function the or reduces and vertically the or reduces or reduces vertically. button. Select and then the the the and of each while the to the Press the to and the
Projecting Projection Functions The currently selected input the of the Press the while Remote You from the right and of the You the operations from the The following input BNC, HDMI HDBaseT (EB- the function. G6750WU only) The displayed. Press the You the input both and right) of the Select Source and then the
The the and right Select and then the Select each input and Right Projection Functions Switching the and right Select the to and then the Press the Select and then the You the operations using the following "Automatically and the (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote To switch the screen the from Select and then the the following to switch the displayed the and right Press the Switching the and right
Select the to and then the the The appear as shown below the Projection Functions If the the the the Select the Press the the The following to the Press the to the Right The following operations Restrictions You both the and right the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the when input or when the or buttons the or displayed. the the aspect Press the projection. Select Source and then the the
A/V or released each the [A/V Remote The displayed. Projection Functions Restriction relating to A/V Release to A/V from the the following operations without A/V Release releasing A/V The the to the the right the the the to the the right from the to the Advanced and Also, the the Iris Iris the with the input buttons the "Switching to the Remote the from using and Controlling" commands. You this when to the what or to such as when from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V only released the [A/V or A/V command. the and sound to played back while A/V It to from the where A/V activated. You the displayed when the [A/V A/V from the The A/V the hours to
activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated the Projection Functions Press the to the the or off. Remote to the of the that to the Remote the to played If the while the or the displayed, the or the that back while the It to from the where the while used. displayed closed. Remote of the This when to to them such as and
Protection from Protection to On displayed and the You Protection)" Protection to Expands the each pressed. You that button: holding the Remote Functions or Aspect the function currently If selected when Correction, E- temporarily the "Choose this as the displayed, or the the to the of the to as the You the operations from the the the to match the of the the You the that currently as On when to to the Remote the to as the and then the Once the to the factory the You Select from
and the "Select this displayed, the Projection Functions The the the "Completed." displayed. the this as the displayed, the previous Select the factor from the
allowing to them when necessary. the following The the currently as memory, items the memory. Memory Function Top Processing Reduction NR 3D items You Memory and Memory when displayed. Select the function to then the Brightness Edge Press the while displayed. the Memory the Memory from
the memory Select the memory the memory using the to and then the "Soft operations" Memory Explanation Function Memory Function memory already the memory and its displayed. finished, the and then the to the with the the Loads the memory. from the memory. memory and the Memory The the currently displayed the as memory. memory and the Memory Explanation Function If the the of the memory turned memory, to that to overwrite the memory. If the previous and the the memory already displayed. Select and then the to the selected memory. You the memory. Memory from Memory memory and the Memory
You turning the on/off and switching the input as the the specified the specified or Function front of the If the to the automatically, front of the fire. Warning Select operation of the when the executed. Select items that to when the You the following item operations. A/V Source Function the You or the and the from the the Protection related to the function You Protection to On Protection)" Protection to the of the and to the the to the "Soft operations" and Press the while the finished, the and then the Select from New Select from
To schedules, to Select and then the Function displayed the (the The when on/off; Select and then to Highlight the to and then the buttons to highlight and the that the Press the while projecting. the Editing buttons to highlight the containing the to the Select from
then Select and then to To and the displayed Function from the displayed. Select and then the to the New to the of the selected Select and then the the editing. or the selected the On/Off Function the selected Clear Select and then to editing.
to the the of the Protection to On the following the prohibited. Protection The the following security You who the Protection Security Functions Background A/V or from Network Protection On to the "Network Network prohibited. Network Protection You people the the without "Restricting Operation" The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft Protection On to the or prohibited. Protection the following to Protect. Protection the to the Furthermore, the that displayed when turn the This acts as anti-theft function as the At the of purchase, Protection activated, people who know the Protection activated. Protection) the about seconds. The Protection displayed. Remote On Protection On to the and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protection The following three of Protect to the used. of Protection
Remote If Protection already activated, the If the correctly, the Protection displayed. Security Functions If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the Select the type of Protect to and then the the the displayed, the the While holding the the the buttons. the The to this to own If the displayed While holding the four the buttons. The as the the displayed, and the fourth the displayed. displayed then the Press the to to the button. Select and then the Select On and then the the the Protect temporarily released.
of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. "The locked." displayed approximately and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the Security Functions of the the the locked. the to the Press the that appears the and the If the of the the If to the and input the operation locked. as thirty the following and the entries."The Select or to You from the Restricting The buttons to the chose. Select when the displayed. The following of restriction functions with the This or shows when to or when to operation. This function buttons operation, to operations. Remote of the following to the operation buttons the the locked, the as
Each the least seconds, the or off. You release the of the following the to to from the Security Functions the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the released. Remote the the following operations the Remote Releasing the This function the following the The with the following of anti-theft security the following the Security The security with the Security Security Anti-Theft through the to the to or commercially theft-prevention Security
anti-theft through the the Security Functions the with the locking instructions.
This chapter to the and its
Although the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top displayed the and the the the to their Press the to
Items or Top NR1, and NR2 Reduction items the and the and Table of Functions PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M- Normal, and Expanded Normal, and Native Aspect RGB, and On and NR Sports, DICOM SIM, 3D 3D 3D Theatre, and 3D Presentation, Theatre, Items or Top Brightness Corner, Correction, Correction Correction and and Processing DisplayPort EQ RGB, and RGBCMY Advanced to and Advanced Sharpness 5000K to 10000K On and Iris Normal, Interlock, and ECO and Memory, Memory Memory, Memory, Memory Front/Rear, Rear, and Remote Normal, and On and 3D 3D Tracking Background, A/V Notice, and Uniformity Normal, High (EB-G6750WU/EB- G6450WU only) G6650WU/EB- G6550WU/EB-
Items or Top Items or Top of Functions ID Memory Network High Direction Source Search, A/V Release, BNC Termination, Direct On, and Remote Inv Rear, and Rear/Ceiling to to Direction Items or Top On and On and Wireless LAN Protected Wireless LAN Brightness EB-G6450WU), Edge and ID A/V and A/V G6750WU only) HDBaseT (EB- Communication On and and Advanced and and Wireless LAN On and SSID On and SSID SSID Search Access Source Info On and DHCP IP Gateway Refresh Rate Info
items the and currently projected. each Items or Top On and IP of Functions "Automatically and the (Source Search)" WPA/WPA2-PSK, WPA/WPA2-EAP Security Security On and DHCP On and IP IP Gateway Wired LAN On and HTTP Network You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Quality (Selecting You the light and the You the brightness. Brightness Function Wired, Wireless Priority On and AMX Discovery On and On and SNMP only when or You the the input.) On and EPSON Broadcasting
to On to the to the light Theatre 3D or 3D Theatre It Edge (This item only to The each to On projected. Iris Function when input. If input, only when NTSC input.) You the tint. Function of Functions You the to their the following to items to their You the sharpness. To If this to the background, and the other of the Thick If this to Thin If this to If this to such as or enhanced. the to them clearly. the enhanced. Advanced The following four items the enhanced. Advanced Sharpness items the and currently projected. each You the of the You tints when high selected and tinted when from to K. The tinted selected. correction or to the or RGBCMY You the and of each (red), C RGB You the (red), and You choosing the following items. You the selecting of the of the offset and (yellow) individually. Advanced
You when or when RGB interference appear the input.) Function of Functions You the and right when of the that the whole projected. 3D 3D On to 3D This graphics, and to (IP with amount of animation. You smoothly intermediate the G6450WU only) G6750WU/EB- G6650WU/EB- G6550WU/EB- tion (EB- On to to and to when RGB the when the input input.) Function Select It recommended that this to when which Smoothes the roughness There Processing (This when to such as Reduction input, reduce the that areas with (This when Processing to NR to to the of the input If correctly when to or to Normal or the allows to specify the This when when RGB of the to connected fixed. connected input.) Select the the input from the HDMI Expanded concerned about or the DisplayPort, HDBaseT (EB-G6750WU only). to blown highlights the You when appear when RGB the input.) Tracking
You the to their Processing and the following to items to their DisplayPort EQ Function You input from the or BNC If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected the connected Function of Functions If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the You input from the or to the connected to the of the each "Scaling You the to or to this to the input (This only when the output ratio (the of the input.) the Aspect Ratio of the You the aspect ratio Aspect interference the or such as or and then the selection. the DisplayPort input the connected to the DisplayPort. If there of displayed higher quality. processing. displayed Process- DisplayPort EQ
You the reception of the from the to operations from the the the least seconds to the to the If to operations from its Function Remote "Correcting Distortion the You Function of Functions Cor- rection Select the items from the that to assign to the and the The following items assigned. Correction Memory or Info Processing and to Select and the four corners of the of the caused the and corrects the the selected of intersection from to and and and or of the Correction Correction Corner without other when the You to the operations and the memory "Memory Function" function. Memory You the You this to of the of +40C of to and +35C of to You the to the following to items to their their and Memory too high, the to to ECO the to Normal the its brightest. to Interlock the surrounding and the reduced. the operating You the each Con-
Select the to the to the following items to Black or when to On to the when Notice You whether or On to Notice. this to On and the detected, the the (This when from the aspect ratio and Background You the background of the to the type of Item when the Source, or Aspect You related to the when input, and the [A/V to Black or A/V You the displayed when such as High Warning. the used. displayed. Function of Functions Uniformity the tone the Uniformity" whole Correct and the background Background, A/V and You the that as
the that the the the off High to On when using the BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC This should usually to to On when (75) termination such as switchers this item to Normal to the with this selected, the with other to this This to that already with to However, the with this this to that the because, the mounted the Normal Additionally, the functions that with this or the Inv Direction this to On when the to On Remote You Normal or or somewhere to reach, back to such as when input and Direct On to On to turn the to On this the type of within of to which of operations restored. the necessary. Function You the as follows Select from of the following the [A/V about seconds. Rear and the Rear Rear/Ceiling Projection Function of Functions this to the of the Direction
A/V (This item to Communication On this to On when the and to Select the to when the to RGB from the or the or to from the input to each from the BNC BNC which Select the to when the following related selected when the turned off. "Connecting and to input A/V Function the input when the A/V Release (This item to A/V release A/V to A/V released when the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the [A/V (or A/V Source Search whether or On to Protection from Protection to On the turned command). Function of Functions DisplayPort Select the when DisplayPort the as If from the from the DisplayPort. If the this to ELPLU01 when the optional this to On the to that the or off, or throw (ELPLU01) attached. another this to Others the cooling finished. HDMI the as If from the HDMI If HDMI Select the when from the from the HDBaseT and to following operations the If Communication On the and the when to On when A/V to On
You the Screen Direction High the following to items to their to their the following items Source Search A/V Inv Direction ID and Function and using the wired this the LAN when the optional HDBaseT connected to the optional HDBaseT to On Ethernet from the HDBaseT RS-232C and Remote connected to the Function of Functions G6750WU only) HDBaseT (EB- the of each the and This item when Edge Corrects Brightness EB-G6450WU): to Normal from the the Edges of the (Edge to when from Function" Multi-Projection Protection to On Protection related to You Protection)" Protection to Network Protection to On Protection and the Network Protection to and then the Network You the and brightness of each to Match Colors" ID the ID from to that "ID ID You the that pre-scheduled Function" You the and
The following Network items. Wireless LAN Security Wired LAN and Function Network Protection" of Functions of connected to the to such as Security function You easily text using and the This Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the to the and or or to the Notes operating the Network the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. Wire- LAN the following network information. MAC IP DHCP Info. Wired LAN
SSID Network items. You Network items. the and the Network the and the Network of Functions The following four characters the these characters browser. this the following software displayed. buttons to the to the and to the selected character. holding the the and the buttons. the to The Network items that input of input. Press the to input. then the the the Network Soft operations Network Projection and PC editing, to The when using the characters. used.) Projection. Function pressed, pressed, and the the section the and and SYM1/2 Each the selected and the the CAPS selected and the The following of character ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
the Wireless LAN Unit" to You to function that allows to the the characters. used) connected Function of Functions Remote to On to the when to the to from Network Projection from other computers. Normally this should to On On this to when connecting the and wireless LAN. If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. Function Wireless LAN To the to wireless LAN, the Wireless LAN (ELPAP07). Wireless LAN this when connecting to wireless LAN with WPS Protected You easily the to the and security WPS Protected with LAN Access The selected the wireless LAN Normally this should to that to the displayed. Wireless LAN Protected
You from to each field of the to (where from the following IP used. You input the IP assigned to the to IP Function If created the to when the becomes to the the and It with Network Projection. If SSID to On the If Advanced the established and wireless LAN. created Function of Functions You input the the You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the You input the IP the the However, the following Gateway used. to (where from to Gateway If to when this to On Quick, this to and the SSID the search the from to from SSID automatically. that through the SSID To the IP from the LAN this to This of the wireless LAN IP used.) SSID to or ANY to establish ANY SSID. SSID the wireless LAN You to characters. which the the SSID. SSID to Advanced search surrounding and the SSID to connected from those the they displayed the You security separately. "Search Access To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID interference from other You the to If Search Access If this to On You whether or On to DHCP DHCP
the Wireless LAN strongly recommended that security. Security Detected displayed Search Access of Functions Indicates already Function Searches the Refresh Security displayed. Select type of security to If where security the If where security the Indicates the where security the security the Wireless LAN displayed.
WPA/WPA2-PSK selected WPA2-PSK(AES) (only when SSID to On WPA2 security. Encryption selected to Encryption selected to from to the the the which the WPA/WPA2-EAP WPA AES establishing WPA2-PSK(AES) WPA the Select this item when You type of security. the the Advanced selected Security Security selected LEAP. Security Function of Functions the You least and to pressed, the and as It recommended to the the characters. the to input the the the using with Network of security. If the initialized, it to the and the Passphrase Function You WEP as this than characters, You to characters the to the the
to authentication. You than characters, You to characters the If PEAP-TLS or EAP-TLS, the user obtained from the displayed. You the the authentication to characters. another to the Function WPA/WPA2-EAP selected of Functions to characters. the and selected, the and as than characters, to authentication. You You to characters the to the If to the the backslash. PEAP Authentication PEAP-TLS Authentication EAP-TLS Authentication to LEAP Select this when these authentication the authentication. when used. EAP Function information the It the to the and to On to the authentication To to CA information the CA It the the to and CA
You from to each field of the to (where You input the IP assigned to the the following IP used. from to IP Function specifying the to On to authentication of the reduce the of connecting to authentication Function of Functions RADIUS You input the the You from to each of the the following used. You from to each field of the You input the IP the the the following used. to (where from to Gateway You to characters. the authentication used.) On to to of the of RADIUS To the IP from the LAN this to IP Wired LAN Function On If this to On You whether or to DHCP DHCP
to when and the You to the connected characters. used.) function that allows to and the Function of Functions You to characters. to used.) Pass- On security with recommended to this to To strengthen security, the and encrypted. HTTP to the to the to the SNMP "SNMP SNMP If the OK with You to characters. the the used.) Function Discovery this to On this to connected to from AMX or AMX Discovery. On this to only when or the the using "About this to to allow the to AMX the Wired or Wireless Priority Gateway AMX covery This to the editing, to character should and the character should characters. (The The first to Network and or Network On this to the following restarting. Broadcasting You to characters. to when the using software. used.) "About
You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP Function this to On when connecting to the information the service. Function of Functions You input the the SMTP The You input to You to characters than characters, to. You to three You to characters the You input the of the to the the used.) to the You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to You Broadcasting and its from the following or EPSON Broadcasting The the this or the "Reading You the or to about notifying that or warning occurred. You the selected or the to the specified items from the displayed items. On to to to the when or warning with Function
the the displayed. This information The to and information (This item only when HTTP to On displayed when Select Clear to the Function of Functions to Certificates" SNMP information the It the WPA/WPA2-EAP Security PEAP-TLS selected and or You to when to the and Clear Select to the EAP-TLS EAP selected Function Function WPA/WPA2-EAP selected Security when the information the CA It the You to CA when the to and Clear to the authentication CA the to the SNMP On to to the using SNMP To SNMP should The SNMP the the function the The to and information displayed. This information displayed (This item when HTTP to On Select Refresh to the
You from to each of the to (where from You to IP the SNMP the following IP used. to Function of Functions Trap IP 1/Trap IP the community of SNMP. You to characters. (The Community and back to their and the the the appears. the the Passphrase, To of the Network Function of the
This information about that occurred the This information service Function the of the and the of the Items that the currently projected. Info Only) of Functions The as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and the the "About ID" ID Function the reached, the characters You the operating Hours You the of the to the You the the connected currently projected. Source You the You the the This information service required. You the information. Info You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their You items the to their items Network and Uniformity Function Clears the hours when the Memory The and "Memory Function" Memory Hours
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
Remote Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and displayed as shown the below. Press the to the Remote The displayed. Press the the following the function to the Remote
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. the following the clearly what the might The with the following four that the operating of the the Reading the Indicates the operating the or the this the the or buttons while the
Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. The warm-up. Warming If off, that the correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they Indicates the internal C Indicates the Indicates the Projecting to the Flashing the the from the and or the the when the the this or Stop the the from the and or the the The off and about about the switches to that the and clear, and that the the following High (Overheating) If the the the the from the and or the the If the clogged, or "Cleaning the the
or of or High to On If the Stop the the from the and or the If the the with and then the If the cracked the and the the the and cracked. the the following "Cleaning the Clean the Stop the the from the and or the the Iris If the cracked or the the the replaced.) using of or High to On that the and clear, and that the the following If the clogged, clean or "Cleaning the the If the the the the from the and or the the
that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warning or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as If the clogged, or "Cleaning the the the with If the the the the from the and or the the that the and clear, and that the the following Flow to the Clean or the displayed. Clean the "Cleaning the Notice If the clogged, clean or "Cleaning the the Notice On The or Notice only when to from the Notice If the shown this the the from the and or the the the following the operating properly, though the showing the
The Nothing appears the If of the following and the offer to the each the to the and The authentication of wireless LAN the "The that clock Projection the completely or the completely appear played back or projected, or the played back the displayed to The "Not supported" displayed The displayed of or Interference or appear of the displayed, the height and of the correct, or the appear The or the aspect ratio or the from top to or to right. appear The whole appears purplish or white, or appear right when The sound heard or the sound Other
to the or the the to the Press the the or the the the The connected correctly or supplied. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? appear the to the the connected when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Press the [A/V to release A/V A/V active? of the the correct? using the displayed Applications the DirectX function correctly. the DirectX function displayed? the from the to only. or the the computer's to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD
The to copyright protected that played back the with the player. the of the trying to copyright protected? the or the the to the If to the to Press the On to to the to the and the refresh from "Supported Displays" the the to the the connected when from the correct? the and the refresh to the when The "Not supported" displayed that disconnected and that there the that the securely connected. the connected correctly? The "Automatically and the (Source Search)" Press the [Search] or the [Source Search] to the the selected? Turn the the the the or turned
the to as as the when If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the to Turn the the and the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory off and then back Computer's when from or the to the with built-in LCD of or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the turn the off and If the from to or the to the of the recommended and within the recommended the the Turn the to the "Correcting the the correctly? the following information correction using the throw ELPLU01" ELPLU01 the to from the the optional throw (ELPLU01)? Interference or appear the to the the connected when from the correct?
that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? the to If the correctly Press the the or the Tracking from the the and Tracking correctly? when the that the with the Displays" when the selected? Computer's The the the and the of the If the the to the the to other than when The or the aspect or the Press [Aspect] and then the aspect to the input the Aspect Ratio of the the aspect correctly? the to the the connected projected? when the the used. "Screen the Screen correctly? Press the the to of the the to the to On
when RGB input from the the correctly? If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the turn off the when the the to the Press the the or the the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? You the from the Computer's the from to the or the BNC the following to the the the input match the from the connected the Projection from the the correct? right that and that there the that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the from connected to the or the the Brightness from the Brightness the correctly? the from the the correctly?
the RGB or RGBCMY from the Advanced the correctly? the and from the the and correctly? when from the appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the to the the Brightness and from the Brightness the correctly? the from the the correctly? Multi-Projection Brightness the following items to used? when The the or the the to turn the Press the the or the the the
The connected correctly or supplied. that outlet or functioning correctly. Disconnect and then the cord. the switched off? There the or the the If this the the the from the and or the the the and off when the touched? the If to the to Press the the to Direct On On the operation to the when to the turn back Press the or the the to the the the back or the turned immediately Direct the switch to On, the to with ID. the [ID] the ID" switch to the [ID] switch the to On? the Remote from the Remote the the selected? If the or cover incorrectly, the turned to the the cover and correctly? sound heard or the sound Other Disconnect the from the and then the that the securely attached to both the and
the that sound heard. the to the If when connecting HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI using the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Press the [A/V to release A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the the or from the to the the the from the A/V the input selected? the the receiver. "Remote operating the light-emitting towards the the operation? The the correctly or the with necessary. the the or the correctly? the location where light the receiver. sunlight or light from the receiver? the Remote from the the the Remote selected? The operating the about "Remote operating the too from the the ID the to and the ID the match. To of the ID the [ID] switch the to "ID the ID and the ID matched?
the the Remote Remote match the that the connected, the the from the Remote the optional connected to the Remote the buttons those operations deactivated. the to the lock. "Remote the The the optional to HDBaseT On to (EB-G6750WU only) RGB the from the or the BNC RGB from the or the BNC input from other than the or BNC Nothing appears the that A/V and from the correctly. the A/V to the and the from the the
The authentication of wireless LAN If the wireless LAN correctly the authentication the correctly. the correctly. the correctly? Communication On To the function when the from the On to the If the or the the the to abnormality and the to to the the correctly. the function correctly the that or functioning correctly. to the or the the The internal supply that clock "The that clock displayed
"EPSONWEB" as the ID. This the ID the the characters the as the The the user ID and correct?
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID the and while. Network ID Network Projection. the to Network Projection. the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. the of the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE that the wireless LAN security correct. "Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the occurred the 04FF Communication from the to correctly. If DHCP, turn off the the DHCP to operating correctly and the LAN "Network DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network the Other information. Communication the connected to unauthorized that the wireless LAN security correct. Also, the correctly. "Security The EAP authentication type the 089A EAP authentication 089B EAP authentication 089C
ID 089D About ID
This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to
the with or the to shocks, as easily become You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning the following displayed and the flashes clean the and the to the Clean or the Cleaning the cleaning, the from the shock. Cleaning the "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the If collects the the of the to and this to with and cleaning, with and lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. "The Clean or the If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to clean the Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the Warning The when the from off the and the the that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the
With the front (the with of the facing the four or to off the Turn and the other the the cover and the cover. the cover. Cleaning If the too become to and cracks. the the of the and straight the the from the front
Press clicks the Cleaning If displayed, cleaning, it to the with the the cover. three months. Clean them often than this using the It recommended that these least once every The or Notice Notice On when to from the Notice
to the brightness and of the Normal About hours continually Normal About hours Normal About hours using ECO About using ECO About hours continually ECO About hours The to appear the following EB-G6750WU/EB-G6650WU/EB-G6350/EB-G6250W EB-G6450WU/EB-G6050W EB-G6550WU/EB-G6150 This section to the and the "It to Please or www.epson.com to purchase." The following displayed. It to the when: the If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. The seconds. the characteristics of the and the it used, appears. You should ready the become or the the of EPSON The of malfunction caused the of covered and or warranty. The flashes The or to
the cooled then the cover. the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver cover to from the when the without the cover the cover. there attached to the with the or cross-head screwdriver, and then that the whenever "Cleaning the the The when the from the or appears the cleaning the to the the fixing screws. that the If the of which the should that the cracked, and should to the of the cover, the cover gently. when the cover as shards of and injury. If or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or of or mouth, physician the there immediately. Warning cover. If the burns or other It about hour the off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the off the and the the cord.
Tighten the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or further the the the cover. the the the that fits and to the back. the
turn off the and the confirmation the cord. the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. cover correctly, the of with the cover and the cover. the cover. The records the turned and and when to the the the from the the hours the indicated correctly. the the replaced. the the of the and straight the If the though the cleaned, the the The when the from to the
of properly with of the of the Press clicks the the cover.
the protective that the of purchase. There and the To to impacts when the as follows. Notes Transportation the securely to from shock, and strong to the that the Notes when and Turn off the to the and the cover to the the following and the people to or the the Transporting the Nearby", the following and then the the option other than the built-in If the the cover that the the the mount when purchased the the of the Projected the to the lowest
the the LCD You the and within of that the of the LCD displayed. Press the while Select and then the Press the to to the Select On and then the the to Select and then the Select from Select the when from Select (red) or and then the Press the to to the previous Select and then the Select and then the
Select of (red), and the of and The of the R/G/B three red, and The of and The of the R/G Select This when selected from G/B This when selected from Select Color. Press the to to the previous of the white. yellow. four Select intersection and and then If to correcting Select and then the the displayed, the The tone uniformity. the the whole Uniformity four corners the top buttons to and to to the and then the the The become while The once Select Uniformity and then the Press the while Select from four corners, and then the The following displayed.
to the to and then the and the If the the whole the outer first, and then the whole Uniformity and to their There from white, through and to You each individually. uniformity buttons to the to the to the Press the to strengthen the Press the buttons to and then the Uniformity The once The become while Select and then the to the the to and each and then the Press the button to to the
the button. the the the the shown the arrows. of the that attached. If the of the of the The the or the of or the the necessary to the the cross-head screwdriver to the fixing screws (four the follow the this to light from the from shining If follow the correctly, the bright light Turn off the Warning section the of the and Press screwdriver and the the then the cover. The shows the mounted the "Removing"
the following to the the screws as these when the the that of the the with the "Correcting the the locking screws (three of with wrench. the wrench the screw the with that directly Press the [A/V to temporarily the the locking screw than of This malfunctions to Turn the that from directly the the "Attaching" around to the back of the that the light and then the [A/V to release A/V Press the the or the the to the buttons the or the the to the Press the
Press the the or the the to the the turning the screws with the wrench. o Whenever the with the and the to to further the screws the to the rear, and when The following shows the screws and their when from the of the the screws the brought to the front. Tighten finished off the and the the locking screws (three
to the and then to the cover. the following operations, the fixing screws, and then tighten screws to their If the screws to their malfunction the the
the and the SSID and that assigned to the from the to the to this to the with the This recommended when the mounted the PIN This chapter the functions Network Functions following section when other than WPS. to the the and to the "Wireless LAN with to function. information about the to Network The the to Network function, the with or the Microsoft's the and ready to to the the displayed, the using Network from Meeting the the to the highest If of to Network the You to shown the of the LAN and to LAN. Network Network Select from the Press the WPS Protected with Wireless LAN the and the the This recommended when the and SSID and security when the together. There WPS The Network displayed. Wireless LAN To From
The to to the wireless LAN. "Wireless LAN The wireless LAN (ELPAP07) connected to the Network Functions Turn the and then the [LAN] the The following displayed. that the SSID and IP information displayed, and then the wireless LAN the LAN Unit" The following displayed. the Wireless USB the wireless LAN section. Follow the on-screen instructions. the optional Wireless USB to the wireless LAN section. the following when to the wireless LAN. the Wireless USB
Network Functions removing the USB the wireless LAN the Wireless USB the "Network information displayed, the Wireless USB the Wireless USB to the From this the with the Wireless USB
If to On the to and the (when the off). operations such as the of that connected to and the from the and About the browser, items that usually the The reflected the You from the following About Broadcasting Position, The items each the as the High BNC Termination Uniformity Items the that the Broadcasting to (JPEG to or specified connected the The manually, or using of Download the Broadcasting software from the following Broadcasting software the following to the the using the of connected to the allows to and operations remotely. the characters and the This function the the and connected to the to Advanced from the Network Wireless LAN or as the If using OS X,
the If to the displayed. To to that and Click from Network Items or The appears. Refresh/Clear the IP of the the input of the and the the the Network from the the displayed. the the The displayed. Refresh/Clear CA to to the user ID the You the user ID. The ID and displayed. EPSONWEB as the ID. The Refresh/Clear Refresh/Clear to to You the the Network from the Network You to the wireless LAN authentication. the following the and CA wireless LAN security and the HTTP function.
Required. to characters Explanation Item the its of and MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes Explanation Item DER/CER/PEM Supported RSA Encryption HTTP from the Network to On security HTTPS applied. You this function to increase security the and browser. HTTP Notes Explanation Item PKCS#12 Supported HTTP) of the to from HTTPS to browser, and the from warning about the when the from If there the to the warning. and this Although the security when to Required. to characters MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes Network Common PKCS, P12 Optional RSA Encryption Explanation Item PKCS#12 of (PEAP-TLS/EAP-TLS) MD5/SHA-1/SHA-256/SHA-384/SHA-512 Hashes PKCS, P12 RSA Encryption
The of the The below. Clean Notice) the Function to and cover related Notification, to the when or warning with This the to of with locations from the to of three and to three once. Network Flow High-speed cooling Flow Flow) to If and of the Communication On If to the (when the off). input to the the or that the the turned the following to with or "Reading the Indicators" Iris the function to On and or warning the the following Reading Subject: EPSON The IP the where the occurred. The where the occurred and of the
SNMP On to the to the specified when or This the to of with locations from the SNMP and SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to the SNMP to IP who with the Network SNMP input buttons the The Remote function allows to operations with the Remote the and Sound Temporarily (A/V "Switching to the Remote the "Remote [A/V buttons C buttons the Click Remote and the (Source Search)" [Source Search] the off. The displayed.
Command Item MUTE ON On A/V On/Off You the from ESC/VP21. and ESC/VP21 Commands or the the (CR) to the of each and MUTE OFF the ON to the the and the turned input, the the and and then the command. Command Connector If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF The below. SOURCE BF BNC SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE B4 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE LAN SOURCE DisplayPort SOURCE HDBaseT (EB-G6750WU only)
Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About <At the <At the input RS-232C and The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. You to the following information "Network It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the Command Function URL: Non-compatible commands <At the (PC <At the and Command Source AVMT AVMT INPT INPT BNC Flow length: Parity: Function ground GND TD RD INPT INPT INPT HDMI INPT DisplayPort
You from Command Source INPT LAN and Edition to the to with the and to You or and with software the following This to operations using browser. displayed information EPSON INPT (EB-G6750WU only) HDBaseT "Product information EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON EPSON You only characters and If to On the (when the off). The following while using Broadcasting About from the operation The the and therefore built with the displays supported.) It to and integrated connected the and connected to the Network to On from the Network the following carrying operations. The following of
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. A/V Function the IP of the the field of the browser, and the the the the and Switch to the from the selected input To input that shown Source or to or The You the necessary. input You the following operations when the buttons. To C buttons that shown Source or to or right. The displayed. the the light and the the or Function the brightness. Brightness reduce that with the buttons to the the Click the to Click the to the without of the of or Click the the the the sharpness. Sharpness You the following operations when the buttons. the or off. Function buttons the operations as the and The buttons the You the following operations when the other buttons. and the
the the operation as the "Remote OK Function and If while RGB from the Tracking, and and the to the input that (Source Search)" Search and the The following items the operation as the the You the following operations when the Function that currently connected the (The location the to characters and Location (The to currently connected from other the to the that characters.) Function Item the Used to to, and from, the IT information the that currently connected. Info the that currently connected. the section. to characters user the (The and To The following displayed when the the operation You this to the that currently connected. the
the when the to the (The to characters.) New Function Item Select the to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP Function Item and If the the New the as displayed. Confirm Click this to the to the the IP to assign to the currently IP the the currently connected Gateway Click this to the to the the currently connected the when the to the (The to characters.) New Select the to to the The following items C Function Item If the the the as New displayed. Confirm Select the to to the operation The following items the Click this to the to the
this to operation from the from ELPKC28 purchase these products as and when The following of optional to without and The following optional and Please and as of: of the country of purchase. Optional and this to the to the the or to and This HDMI and LAN Based the HDBaseT when the to wirelessly and projecting. HDBaseT ELPHD01 EB-G6750WU only) Wireless ELPST16 LAN ELPAP07 The to with Rear ELPLR03 throw ELPLM04 throw ELPLM05 Short throw ELPLU01 throw ELPLL06 ELPLS06 Optional to this when and 3D when to establish one-to-one the and with 3D ELPGS02B 3D ELPGS02A Wireless USB ELPAP09 ELPPL01 the following information the each and ELPKC02 3D these when 3D with the when such as OHP or when the high ELPDC11/ELPDC20 ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB22 mount of these the with the too This the as the with the ELPKC09 ELPKC10 to the from or the the when the ELPKC19 to
Optional and ELPLP76 as as ELPAF43
Unit: Screen Projection EB-G6750WU/EB- G6650WU/EB-G6550WU/EB-G6450WU/EB- G6250W/EB-G6050W) and Projection Top to to Unit: Top to to the from the of the to the of the This the Projection of C This section shows the with ELPLS06
Unit: Screen Unit: and Top to to Top to to Unit: Top to to Unit: Short throw ELPLU01 Top to to ELPLR03 supported.
Unit: throw ELPLM04 Unit: Screen and Top to to Unit: Unit: Top to to Unit: Screen
Unit: Unit: and Top to to Top to to Unit: Top to to Unit: throw ELPLM05 Top to to
Unit: Unit: throw ELPLL06 and Top to to Top to to Unit: Top to to Screen
Unit: Projection EB-G6350/EB-G6150) and Top to to Unit: Top to to the from the of the to the of the This the This section shows the with ELPLS06 Projection of C
Top to to Top to to and Unit: Top to to Unit: Top to to Screen Unit: Unit: Short throw ELPLU01 Top to to Top to to
Screen Top to to Screen and Unit: Unit: Rear ELPLR03 supported. Unit: throw ELPLM04 Unit: Top to to Screen
Unit: Top to to Screen and Projection Screen Top to to Unit: throw ELPLM05 Unit: Top to to Top to to
Top to to Top to to and Projection Unit: Top to to Unit: throw ELPLL06 Top to to Unit: Top to to
Top to to Unit: Screen and Projection Top to to Unit: Top to to
Refresh Rate MAC21" Supported Supported when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. (This EB-G6350/EB-G6150.) when VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input. when selected as the from the EB-G6750WU/EB-G6650WU/EB-G6550WU/EB-G6450WU only. Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV EB-G6750WU/EB-G6650WU/EB-G6550WU/EB-G6450WU only WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL)
from the HDMI and DisplayPort (EB-G6350/EB- G6150) from the HDMI and DisplayPort (EB-G6750WU/ EB-G6650WU/EB-G6550WU/EB-G6450WU/EB-G6250W/EB-G6050W) Supported Refresh Rate WXGA XGA VGA SVGA Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA SXGA+ UXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SDTV WSXGA+ SXGA+ UXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV DisplayPort input only HDMI input only WUXGA HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV when VESA CVT-RB (Reduced input. EB-G6750WU/EB-G6650WU/EB-G6550WU/EB-G6450WU only. DisplayPort input HDMI input
EB-G6050W EB-G6150 EB-G6250W EB-G6350 EB-G6450WU EB-G6550WU EB-G6650WU EB-G6750WU Product Specifications Specifications (W) (H) WXGA LCD XGA (W) (H) (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) (D) including section) XGA (W) (H) WUXGA (W) (H) TFT active 100-240V AC 5.0-2.2A 100-240V AC 5.3-2.3A 100-240V AC10% 5.7-2.5A UHE ELPLP76 100-240V AC 4.7-2.1A 100-240V AC 5.3-2.3A 100-240V AC10% 5.7-2.5A supply
(Communication (Communication On): (Communication On): On): (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): On): to Specifications tion (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication On): On): to to The operating to +45C when to ECO or Interlock, and to +40C when to Normal of to The operating to +40C when to ECO or Interlock, and to +35C when to Normal of to The ELPLR03 The when attached. Approx. Approx. to +45C to +60C EB-G6050W EB-G6150 EB-G6250W EB-G6350 G6450WU EB- G6550WU EB- G6650WU EB- G6750WU EB- Product
tors (3.5) Specifications HDMI HDCP PCM) HDMI (3.5) (3.5) DIN 5BNC BNC RCA DisplayPort DisplayPort USB Connector B) Service RCA (L-R) (3.5) RJ-45 RJ-45 LAN RS-232C USB A) Wireless LAN USB (3.5) Remote This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. USB supported. USB to that USB.
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or instructions, interference to there that interference of the following Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H508C/H509C/H510C/H511C/H512C/H513C/ H535C/H542C LCD of Product: EPSON
Units: Appearance from of to fixing of
This section the that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without The ratio and its height. with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP and international that and DICOM The the Communicates such as HD and 100BASE-TX Ethernet LAN HDBaseT that the and This (router) to Gateway HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI and DisplayPort this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with or revised of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV information to every other from the top of the and to the to displayed every other wireless LAN which through
information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with to connected to IP to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to Network which the and such as routers and to TCP/IP SNMP The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If correctly, appear the Tracking This that the of the from the IP Protected the as of easily and wireless LAN. WPS Protected This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or and OS of Apple Inc. and Copyrights rights of this reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or or mechanical, from the of the information Notes of RSA Security Inc. BSAFE RSA Security Inc. The DisplayPort Certified and DisplayPort of the The DisplayPort of VESA countries around WPA WPA2 and Protected of or already This includes RSA BSAFE software from RSA Security Inc. RSA the United States of America and other countries and areas. Association (VESA). the United States and other the world. of HDMI Licensing LLC. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. HDBaseT and the HDBaseT of the HDBaseT Other and of their respective owners. and rights those from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights or or related to please this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of