Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates which or The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Select "Brightness" from the Indicates the items. Brightness (Boldface) Brightness
Introduction This chapter the and the
of Ease of when Mount You the such as when holding while from the This increases the of The screen function EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600. The the of the and easy to mount This it easy to the and the the function that allows to the of the the and of locations. with and "DICOM SIM" to such as photographs. This that approaches the DICOM (The and Clearly The sophisticated cover which appearance. type allows to and easily and the optional You the to the and The that with the surrounding and the easy optional as the and the of each RGB Also, the and of each RGBCMY, the with and matching You the the the of the and You the it of or the front of the horizontally. Protect to and users Enhanced Security Functions electricity the This reduces the amount of that the to shutdown caused increases when the permanently mounted to You
of Network (EB-G5950/G5650W only) restricts operation the who the and lively. the PC Projection software, the displayed. freely and easily from connected to from to four that to the four and using the You this to people without and The with the following of anti-theft security Screw to the Security Security with anti-theft The Network Projection software to to and and of increases EasyMP Network Projection the to and the Network function or users the the using to Network where centrally, such as the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. Direct On/Off to Network easily connected to the optional Wireless USB (This function computers.) wireless to easily to the turning the off, the without to the to and Functions selection of and supported, such as the software. This allows to the to and
to the internally. Function EB-G5950/G5650W with the shown the and Functions when the such as and the of the foot C otherwise affected heat the that become or and or the while From using of EB- G5950/G5650W with otherwise specified. the foot to and the front foot. Foot Press this button to the when from the Remote the through The of the and whether they flashing or the of the This shows the of when the Wireless LAN cleaning or the this to the the Wireless LAN (EB-G5950/G5650W only) this cover when the Function to cool the internally. If it the internal to and this service life. to the to with and the regularly.
screws to the cover Function Screw to the cover Turn the to the of the or Function and Functions to and to the Rear foot anti-theft through when to the to the Wireless LAN this screw to the to and Wireless LAN (EB- G5950/G5650W only) Screw to C Security Turn the to the of the or right. this screw to the the screw supplied. these when carrying the screw to the Screw the the optional mount when the from Function mount fixing
Interface and Functions Rear EB-G5950/G5650W when the LAN Unit the Wireless LAN the cover (ELPAP03) (EB-G5950/G5650W only)" Function (EB-G5950/G5650W section LAN only) the sound of the currently to that input from other and from the connected to the Computer1 input to the RGB Computer2 input or BNC input The Function to the "Interface" Interface C (EB-G5950/ G5900/G5650W/ G5600 only) to the of the that connected to the BNC input input C to the of the that connected to the Computer1 input input
RGB from and from other Computer2 input Function the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C Function and Functions to the of the that connected to the Computer2 input input EB-G5900/G5600 RGB from and from other BNC input RGB from and from other Computer1 input from input from input to the when to from the from connected to the input input or input input USB or and and PC USB(TypeA) The following the of USB Light ON: USB connected Light ON: USB operating OFF: USB connected connected to USB(TypeA) Light ON: USB that input from other and from the connected to the Computer1 input to the RGB Computer2 input or BNC input The Function the optional and from the the this the the Remote LAN to to LAN the sound of the currently to and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI input from input
EB-G5800/G5500 to the of the that connected to the BNC input input C Function and Functions the from it to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C RGB from and from other BNC input to the of the that to the Computer1 input input Function RGB from and from other Computer1 input Connects to the when to from the from connected to the input input or input input from input from input the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C RGB from and from other BNC input from input C LAN to to LAN the optional and from the the this the the Remote and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI input LAN to to LAN from input RGB from and from other Computer1 input RGB from and from other Computer2 input to the of the that connected to the Computer2 input input
If while the or which items and and displayed, these buttons the Corrects Function and Functions PC or to Network and these function as buttons. (EB-G5950/G5650W) and the which shows to with they If while the or functions which items and and displayed, these buttons the If when the displayed, to the the function. Corrects to the input that connected to the and the On or Function using PC or to Network and these buttons function as buttons. (EB-G5950/G5650W) and the displayed, and the selection and the Tracking, and If of RGB the or to the to the C [Source Search]
the On or Function and Functions Remote to from the Computer1 input (EB- Computer2 input (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/ Each the pressed, the the Computer1 input and G5800/G5500) G5600) [Comp1/2] input and input to from the input (EB- Each the pressed, the displayed (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600) G5800/G5500) to from the BNC input [BNC] C This function when EB-G5800/ to from the input G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) G5500. and the the or displayed, selects items and the the optional wireless receiver, the that the pressed. displayed, and the selection and the or to the Acts as when the optional wireless receiver.
Increases the This function when EB-G5800/ Decreases the G5500. Function from that to the through the These buttons to switch the when with PC These buttons to and when These buttons to and when the optional wireless receiver. (EB-G5950/G5650W only) Function and Functions buttons sounds of hearing. the turning off the ually increase the turning the when the too high. the and or off. (EB-G5950/G5900/ Turns the or off. (EB-G5800/G5500) G5650W/G5600) [A/V Each the pressed, the this to IP from the and this to ID IP from the Network, and buttons or Press this to the and the and If of RGB to the This function when EB-G5800/ G5500. The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] The reduces the of that The the without the the displayed, to the previous the function. If when the Press to the and the which shows to with they the this from the (EB-G5950/ the optional and the G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) Press to the ID. [ID] Acts as right when using the optional wireless receiver.
the Instructions the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch items. the Press to assign item from the Function and Functions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Instructions Procedure the through the and the from the the from that connected to USB that connected to the USB(TypeA) Each this the switched This function when EB-G5900/ (EB-G5950/G5650W only) G5800/G5600/G5500. [LAN/USB] assigned as the the the this switch to ID the ID switch This function when EB-G5800/ to from the HDMI input (EB- G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) G5500. [DVI-D/HDMI] Changes to the input that connected to the and light when the light- [Source Search] AA to the The the when the
the the The operating of the the the light-emitting that with the shown below. of the of the and the to the the and Functions operating Press the clicks C the cover. operating If the of the or that the batteries. AA ready. You other becoming this them with the AA with other the Remote the The operating the that To reception of the from the the Remote the
Functions This chapter and the
Press the the the or the the to switch the To the previous the the the connecting This useful when to the without the Projected the the Remote If the the to the when the pressed. (The Procedure Select then the Press the while the the the Remote The following while the displayed. Selecting the (Selecting Brightness Brightness and Projected correction Sharpness only) Sharpness
The when both the and the To items that while the displayed or to the from the connected the The within which the using the shown below. EB-G5650W EB-G5950/G5900/G5800/G5600/ G5500 the of the Projected C Press the to the The shifted to the of the when the directly front of the Turn the or the to the location of the Procedure There of correcting as below. Correcting Distortion the when the of
Procedure Corner This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Corner" Corner the Projected Select and then the Press the while the the the the Remote Corner and and the the correction selected from the the correction choose assigned to the buttons pressed, correction buttons. The to when and and You easy buttons This allows to manually the and and the corrections the Corner to while to Corner and correction or other Press the to the selection from Select Corner", and then the which of four corners.
Correct the of the using the the and buttons the or the the If the the the as shown the screenshot below, the further that C the the or the the to the to and then the and and as to corners.
This from the Corner the correction to from to to H/V- the selecting the displayed. from the and the when buttons the when the and the to the correction the Projected corrected to of to the If the of than it and Correcting correcting with Corner, the following displayed. If the about seconds while Corner the of Corner buttons least second, the of to the and If the Switch to Switches the correction to H/V- Procedure the to the and and Press the
the to the shown below when and the as below, the corrected accurately. the of the corrected to of Correcting to the The correction properly to the the become the correction. about the when the The to the top or The to the Correct the using Corner to precisely the with the or to the Corner" buttons least second, the of to the and If the
to which input the following (The the [Source Search] pressed, search input input where input and the input from the input projected. The input from connected Source Search You the the following the Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) You the buttons to to the input directly to the You the the [Source Search] switch to from input to which input. this operation. or of connected, connected, the [Source Search] the projected. Procedure the the Remote
LAN switching to from connected through the projected. (EB-G5950/G5650W only) the or when found. You connected. If about seconds, the The following showing the of the input where the to when the that the currently EB-G5950/G5650W You directly to the from the input the following buttons the "Remote switching to LAN from connected through the projected. (EB-G5950/G5650W only) Switch to the Remote
the as the aspect ratio that the input to the Explanation Aspect the Aspect Ratio of the You the aspect to the type of input ratio The aspect below. The aspect that of height and and to switch the Aspect Ratio of the the type of that projected. of the the of the the of the input to the of the This clear If the the projected. Native to the the aspect ratio of the input Normal aspect ratio based information from the input. Explanation Aspect EB-G5950/G5900/G5800/G5600/G5500 Procedure aspect This when of the the of the the of the input to the of the This clear If the the Native This when to to the Aspect of aspect of to the The aspect displayed the the If the while the aspect displayed the to the aspect The aspect Aspect the from the to the the aspect ratio of the input Normal aspect ratio based information from the input. Explanation Aspect EB-G5650W to the aspect ratio of
the Aspect (EB-G5950/G5900/ G5800/G5600/G5500) the Aspect Ratio of the Projected Native C Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the and and the aspect to (the right and of the off). from Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect Normal Native the and each aspect shown below. Aspect Projecting from input aspect 1280X1024(5:4) SXGA 1280X800(16:10) WXGA 1024X768(4:3) XGA Normal Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the and Native from the HDMI input (EB-G5950/G5900/ G5600 only) C input aspect
1280X1024(5:4) SXGA 1280X800(16:10) WXGA 1024X768(4:3) XGA the Aspect Ratio of the Aspect Native Native C If of the or everything, Normal or from the the of the the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the Normal and Native Projecting from from or from the HDMI input Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the and Native the Aspect (EB-G5650W) input aspect
the Aspect Ratio of the Projection each aspect shown below. Aspect 1280X1024(5:4) SXGA 1280X800(16:10) WXGA 1024X768(4:3) XGA Normal If of the or it everything, or Normal from the the of the Native
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. bright This the brightest bright tone Theatre such as bright The and brought Application The the the If the while the displayed the to the The the from the that to the The and brought to life. TV bright Sports to C from the G5650W, this selected when RGB or when USB or LAN This selected when This selected when RGB EB-G5950/ selected as the input or The and photographs and other This with clear DICOM SIM
Projecting (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) Procedures to the and right and The currently selected input displayed the Press the the while the projecting. Procedure The of input that below. The from the HDMI input the or right Sources Projection Press the the or the The Screen displayed. The from the from connected through the or from the USB(TypeA) projected. (EB-G5950/G5650W) Other or right Computer1 Computer2 BNC HDMI
Select and then the The the and right (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) Search] the or or Screen The displayed when the [Source when Source the Switching the and right C To switch the the "Source right "Source Right" and the and the To switch the Select the input to and the the input that combined selected. Sources Projection" Press the the or the C Select the to and then the Select and then the Procedure To switch the the from The from the input that selected the Computer1 Computer2 BNC If or selected the the the (This only when RGB input.) Press the to the the following to switch the displayed the and right Switching the and right Press the the or the Procedure
(EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) the Procedure The appear as shown below the To the the the The following to the or Select the and then the Press the the Normal Switching the aspect (The aspect to the The following operations Restrictions Projection Right displayed only when input or when or warning displayed. Operations the the You both the and right the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the
(EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) The the to the the to the the right the Advanced and Also, the right the the the Sharpness to the both Restriction relating to The the applied. Reduction The and to and Reduction the A/V the The when there input. Black
If this function when the Black You the A/V to or and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. A/V from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Functions The A/V the to the You this when to the what or to such as when from the function activated the to the photo. Also, operations without the function activated such as from Procedure Remote Procedure Remote Each the A/V or off. Each the button, or off.
the Procedure The to back the while and to If the while the or displayed, the or displayed while used. from the where cleared. Functions Remote Function Each the the appears or disappears. This allows to the and to the about.
Procedure Functions Projection the Remote Remote to the of the that to the Remote You choose from three of This when to to them such as and from the or of the
Functions Enhancing Projection Remote C Each the pressed, the expanded. You holding the The ratio appears the The selected the it with the to to when such as If selected, and Reduction or You reduce the the Press the to
of the of the when ID the and the the to the with matching ID. This when Select of of the from to to as the ID and then the operating of the from the the ID switch the of the to to from the the ID. IDs when the ID to or the ID to the only that within the operating of the of ID" from the the and the the ID Procedure C Press the to the the following to the ID. Checking the ID the the Remote
the Remote ID of the of the when the ID switch to On. Procedure the ID switch to On. Procedure While holding the [ID] to to match the ID of the to "Checking the ID" while holding the [ID] the Remote the buttons, the ID the It about three seconds. Once this the that operated the
of the of the when The ID the the to them and the ID retained. the to the (ID0).
the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Correction when from Correction manually the and tone of each and that the from each match closely. Press the and from the the the the Remote Procedure the function when the of each to the the and tone match completely correction. Summary of Correction Procedure and to the following to To operation to ID the and the ID the the ID and the ID. You correction when from You from to white to and each of these You the brightness to them the following Correct the Correcting brightness You the to them match closely Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) and Correcting Select to corrected
Correction when Projecting from You correcting from Each selected, the of the selected or lighter correcting to or to displayed. the to the the to the brightest the correction and corrections to the to the displayed the and the each the the brightness from C Correct the brightness with "Brightness Correct.". from from the each the the displayed the and the the correction and corrections the Correcting Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". to corrections finished. corrections finished, the to the
You the that currently as The as the when there input or the A/V operation. and the You If Protect from Protect to On Protect to the to as the and then the Once the to the factory Procedure C "Choose this as the displayed, If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the the Remote the to the as the the or the to the of the Select from the the the and the operations they the the
You to the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the "Select this displayed, the this as the The the the "Completed." displayed. displayed, the the Remote the seconds. the previous the or connected while otherwise malfunctions To the as the the the
to the the of the Protect On to the following Background A/V and from the the prohibited. Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Network Protect On Network to the prohibited. Network Protect The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft You people the the without projection, the about The Protect displayed. seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Procedure Protect activated, people who know the the to the At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that displayed when turn the This acts as anti-theft as the Protect activated. Protect) Remote and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protect On to the On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the the the the as further theft On Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the Turn On Protect". the displayed, the the buttons the the Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the C Turn Protect". Turn "Network Protect". While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure The the displayed, and then the The the this to If the shown While holding the four the buttons. The as the fourth the displayed. Select and then the Network Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the button. the
the and from the the The If incorrect three the locked. about and If the of the that appears the and the then the switches to If this the back The displays the from the outlet and then and the the and Service that the Security Functions the the Remote If to the and input the thirty the following and the The operation locked. as of the following to the operation the the locked, the as Restricting Select or to of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the buttons the the button, locked. The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose.
You release the of the following From the from the Security Functions the includes the following security to the often mounts and from the the the about seconds, displayed and the released. Anti-Theft The type allows to and easily the If about security, this anti-theft once with the screw supplied, Anti-theft You about the The Security with the Security Security the www.kensington.com/ Security anti-theft through the security to the to or Security The with the screw that the immediately. Screw to the the the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the
This chapter to the and its
Item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the or input currently as shown the following shots. each RGB /LAN You the of the to surroundings. Function You the Brightness. Brightness EB-G5950/G5650W Thick If this to the background, and the other of the the H-Sharpness If this to the the If to the V-Sharpness If this to the the It to the Thin If this to such as or enhanced. You the sharpness. To Advanced Advanced The following four items to them clearly. Sharpness You the light and the You the the You the Tint.
You the of the from to K. high selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. Function C You the and of each (red), C You the of each individually. (This item the to You choosing of the following. (yellow) individually. You the to their To items to their This input or input only when This RGB input or when the input to USB or LAN This when the to or This when the to
Items that the or input currently as shown the following shots. each You the when the input USB or LAN. (EB-G5950/G5650W) HDMI RGB On You whether or the to the when the Function EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 Normal If the correctly when this to the connected You specify the This when connected fixed. or to Normal or The of the input identified. You the and right when of the that the whole projected. CG, animated and recorded to the IP each the This with amount of pull-down, to the of the This You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as Reduction
If the to the of the input when the HDMI input connected to DVD If the to and the shows whiteout or the to the of the DVD The of the DVD to Normal or Expanded. HDMI Function You the input from the input input and input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected If appear correctly when this to the to the connected You the input from the Computer1 input Computer2 input or BNC input If the input to the connected You the Aspect Ratio Aspect You the Scaling (the of The of to or You only when the input HDMI selected, the switched to or to the input or RGB input, this when or input. This only when the HDMI the connected connected to the HDMI input the This when RGB input. You the to their To items to their
EB-G5800/G5500 EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 buttons the to corrections to and and the Corrects and Select of or You Corner Selects and corrects the four corners of the Function You this to of the You the Select ECO the too bright such as when or ECO selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and the reduced. about life: about You the brightness to Normal or ECO LAN (EB-G5950/G5650W only): the from that connected through the from the the that from the to the to LAN HDMI the input HDMI output from the the that You the each and each You the of the Shape
to or the light too to to If the the or seconds, this to the the to or that interference. You the reception of the from the Remote Function You the item assigned from the with the the the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following items to the Info and the displayed that the without connecting other You the to their To items to their
Function Overheating and other such as when there input, and when On or when Source, Background Black You the when to or The following displayed the when this item to On this to to the when started. A/V Black You the A/V as or You related to the or Aspect. You the that displayed as background Background or this to the of the Projection
when this item to On this the of recovery with this to to On the the off within of to BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC input This should to to On when this item to Normal to the with the selected, the with other to this This to that already the with this this to that the because, the mounted the or somewhere to reach, back to Normal Additionally, with to the the that with to or EB- to On this when input and operations the functions that with this or the which Remote You Normal or the type of Inv Direction this to On when the from the High to On when the of Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. (75) termination such as switchers necessary. Normal Function You the functions that and the of the the when the this to On On On You whether or to Notice. this to and the detected, the the Notice You from to white to and each of these Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You the the of each Brightness Correct. Corrects the the of each Brightness Correct. and Correct. You the and of each when or and the ID within of to that ID ID You the displays.
You and Notice from the to their To items to their Function Protect to On Protect, relating to the You Protect to the Inv Direction High and Remote related to the
Network Protect On Protect to displayed and the You Network Protect to Network (EB-G5900/G5800/G5600/G5500) You from to each of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the the Function IP You input the IP assigned to the DHCP You whether or to DHCP. If this to On You Wired LAN You from to each field of the the following Gateway used. to (where from to MAC You the MAC the You from to each of the the following used. Gateway You input the IP the the to when the software. to when and the using You to characters. You to characters.
To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should this to On when using SNMP to the SNMP Function Network (EB-G5900/G5800/G5600/G5500) Trap IP or Trap IP SNMP to On to IP as SNMP this or the information the of the "Reading Function" You whether or On to If this to SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the The from from to You the and the of the to when or warning You to three You to You from to each field of the However, the following IP used. to (where from to You the SMTP characters the On the connected to this to to allow the to AMX Discovery this to the connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery and the following software displayed. the the to the to the and then the to the character. holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to input. the to the when connected to You the Network to their To items to their
Network (EB-G5900/G5800/G5600/G5500) and lowercase Each the [SYM1/2] selected and the pressed, switches the the section the Each the [CAPS] selected and the pressed, switches
Network Protect On Protect to displayed and the You Network Protect to Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) the of to the the functions and the This function You easily text to such as security Function the to the Network the Info. Wireless LAN Info. Wired LAN
Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the Notes the Network Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) Each the [CAPS] selected and the pressed, pressed, switches the the section the the [SYM1/2] selected and the switches and lowercase to the and of or or to the to the Network without the the and the Network the Network this the following software displayed. buttons the to the to the and then the to the holding the the and the buttons. the to The Network items that input of alphanumerics and input. Press the to input. the the or Soft Operations
Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) to when the software. the to the when connected to editing, to characters. Function You to characters. to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the using the connected to On to the when to the to from from the Normally this should to On
To the to using wireless LAN, the Wireless LAN (ELPAP03). Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) Wireless LAN this to On when the and wireless LAN. If to wireless LAN, this to to unauthorized others. Wireless LAN the to when connecting the and wireless LAN. the Advanced to the to connecting the to the Advanced PC Projection, the to Function using WPS Protected wireless LAN, easily the to the and security Protected the wireless LAN connecting Advanced to that to the that displayed. Wireless LAN On connecting SSID to to this from to The SSID created automatically, the following this to when connecting from to SSID connecting that If interference from other SSID. SSID the wireless LAN which the the SSID. You to characters. SSID
Function You whether or On to DHCP If this to On DHCP Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to You input the IP assigned to the (where from to IP You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each of the the following Gateway used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID the MAC MAC
the LAN and Advanced strongly recommended that security. Security when the LAN Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) EAP EAP and authentication These such as EAP-TLS which WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication authentication or authenticating WPA WPA2 This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA security, follow the instructions from the of the about to access. and without This the without This the encrypted the and the match. authentication, LEAP which and and EAP-TTLS. The following of the this "TKIP" and "AES". WEP encrypted with (WEP You type of security. Security Function If using EAP, to the that match the authentication with RADIUS
Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) WEP selected Function You the WEP encoding. WEP Encryption ASCII The of the encrypted WEP with text the with the network the which the and then to "ASCII". You the input the WEP encrypted HEX Format You the WEP the characters following instructions from the the network which the The type of character and the that to the WEP Encryption and If the of characters shorter than the character length, character encrypted. If the of characters than the character length, characters that the encrypted. ASCII alphanumerics, characters. ASCII alphanumerics, characters. HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters Format Selects the WEP ID ID Encryption 1/Encryption 2/Encryption Encryption
Function Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) to with authentication. You Authentication WEP Shared Authentication WEP Authentication
WPA-PSK(TKIP/AES) or WPA2-PSK(TKIP/AES) selected (EB-G5950/G5650W) You Pre-Shared (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the Pre-Shared You than characters the from than characters. and the pressed, the and as PSK (Encryption Function
PC to the following information to to the authentication. to the Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) EAP-TLS selected Function Information the displayed. You by/Validity
EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, selected Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) You authentication characters. You to characters. the and You than characters the from than characters. the pressed, the and displayed as You than characters the from than characters. You to authentication characters You to characters. Function
Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) Wired LAN You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP Function You whether or On to DHCP If this to On DHCP You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each field of the the following Gateway used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway the MAC MAC To the IP from the LAN this to IP
this or the "Reading Function" Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP Function You whether or On to You input the of the to the You to three You to characters the You than characters the from than characters. You the or to about the selected or the to the specified notifying that or warning occurred. You items from the displayed items. You input the the SMTP The You input to
Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) Others To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should this to On when SNMP to the SNMP SNMP On to to IP as SNMP to (where from to You input from to each field of the the following IP used. Function Trap IP 1/Trap IP the connected to this to On to allow the to AMX Discovery this to connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery On this to when to and the Normally, this to "About (EB-G5950/G5650W only)" On The following functions when to restarting. Broadcasting the Wired or Priority Gateway
Network (EB-G5950/G5650W) of the network Function the the appears. To of the
the of the and the of the Items that the or input as shown the following shots. USB /LAN RGB Info Only) You the Source the connected currently Source reaches the warning the characters yellow. You the operating Function EB-G5950/G5650W You the of the to the Source. You the of the This information about that occurred the This information service required. This information service required. You the information. Info You the Refresh Rate Refresh Rate You the when the and connected through the information the displayed using ID. to the following information the ID. The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and the (EB-G5950/G5650W only) ID
Function Network The following items to their Items items You items the to their and You clear the hours and to "0H". when the
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
If with the the to the You the the the the Remote the the Remote The displayed. Press the Procedure
the the Remote C Confirm the selection. the and as shown the below. Press the to If the to the to
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the These the operating of the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. function warm-up. Warming or cool while the flashing. the this Indicates the operating Indicates the operating of wireless LAN when the Wireless LAN (EB-G5950/G5650W only) "Reading the wireless LAN Projecting
Indicates the internal C Indicates the If off, that the correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they or flashing Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or switches to the following High (overheating) or If the the the the from the and or the the and Service that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or the following using of or High to On If the checking the the the from the and or the the and Service
or the and whether cracked. the following If the the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If it cracked the and the If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). Clean the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service of or High to On If the or the securely the switch that the and the securely to the Flashing that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning or with flashing or o If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as
The "The clogged. Clean or the displayed. the following that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the further.) If the clogged, clean or Flow or If the the using the the from the and or the the and Service The following displayed: to the Clean or the Clean the Notice The or Notice" when Notice to On the If the yellow with tobacco and cleaned, with If the Flow cleaning the the with If the indicated this using the the from the and or the the and Service If the operating properly, though the showing to the
sound heard or the sound (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only)" Other If of the following and the offer to the each the "Nothing appears the (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only)" received the "I to the and (EB-G5950/G5650W only) "The Moving from appear and nothing projected. Projection the completely the completely and displayed the relating to appear" such as interference, or white "Interference or appear appear. "The "Not supported" displayed." or of "Projection automatically" displayed." of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and appear and and LCD performance, that the the The whole appears purplish or white, and the appearing the match, this of "The or or the aspect right" when appear supplied"
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? Press the to the the the to the the connected input such as completely of the the correct? displayed the when from the correct? the completely when the to output only. when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the Projection Press the to the If to the to On to
The "Not supported" displayed. to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the "Supported Displays" the to the the connected the and the Refresh Rate to the when from the correct? when displayed. the to as as the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory If the only to the LCD or to the accessory to If the while the of the or already turned the function that the to Turn the the and the off and then back the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when projecting from or with built-in LCD the output to the of the recommended within the recommended the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the the to the the Interference or appear when from the correct? If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? If the correctly using the Press the the or the the to and Tracking from the Tracking that the securely connected. the correctly? the that the with the "Supported Displays" the and "Tracking correctly? when RGB when the selected? The the the and the of the If the the to the Press the [Aspect] the to aspect the input the aspect correctly? The or or the aspect when the to the to the the connected Press the the to the projected? when
from RGB other while from the when the RGB If the correctly Press the the or the the to the from the correctly? If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the the that the with the "Supported Displays" when when the the selected? the to the the the input match the from the connected Brightness Brightness the from the the Brightness correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? right the and from the the from the the correctly? the from the correctly? Saturation the and correctly? when from appear the Brightness and from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? the from the correctly?
the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the Press the to the the when There the or the the If this the the the from the and or the the and Service the and off when the touched? Press the the If to the to the to The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. Disconnect and then the the switched off? the to the when Direct On to On the back Press the to the back the back or the turned immediately Direct the switch to On, the to with matching ID. ID switch to the ID switch the of the to On? the Remote from the the the selected?
sound heard or the sound (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) Other If output when HDMI the to PCM connected with HDMI the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? Disconnect the from the input and then the the connected correctly? the that sound heard. the to the HDMI HDMI the from the If the from that connected through the of the LAN the LAN HDMI the the selected? the the LAN selected? The when the input HDMI when the input LAN the location where light the receiver. the to from Remote the Remote sunlight or light from the Remote the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? the Remote from the Remote the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the the Remote the light-emitting the the when operated? the ID the to and the ID the match. To of the ID the ID switch the of the to the ID and the ID matched? the the Remote Remote match the that the connected, the light-emitting or the the from the and the the optional connected to the or to the
Nothing appears the (EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) RGB from of the following input Computer1 input Computer2 input and BNC input RGB the from of the following input displayed Computer1 input Computer2 input and BNC input trying to from input other than of the following input Computer1 input Computer2 input or BNC input to the and On To the function when the from the Communication On to the from the the the of to the the correctly. Network EB-G5900/G5800/G5600/G5500 EB-G5950/G5650W function correctly the If the or the the and Service the to abnormality and the to that outlet or functioning correctly. to the
the ID and the below. If the the or of the following IDs (EB-G5950/G5650W only) the of while and then try Network ID the to Network Projection. the of wireless LAN security to correct. Network Security The WPA and WPA2 authentication the The WEP, TKIP, and AES the the the and the to the SSID. The SSID found. the of the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE Network Projection. that reproduced. the occurred the 04FF off from the connected correctly. Turn off DHCP used. Network LAN the DHCP to operating correctly and the LAN to Wired LAN to the DHCP. If the restarting the or Network Projection, of the following Other with the network and follow their instructions. off to the
This chapter the that to service life.
If of the following displayed or the flashes the Cleaning the You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning If collects the the internal of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately when the If the yellow with tobacco cleaned. this with displayed. Clean or the to the containing to or which This of the fire the high of the the to such as the or of the Cleaning the Warning using cleaning, with and lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the and the or If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. off the and the the the cover and straight the cover. Procedure cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Cleaning the from the front If the too become to and cracks. the the as shown the following C the With the front (the with of the facing the four or to off the Turn and the other the the the the the cover, and the back the cover. the
Cleaning Press clicks the cover. If displayed, cleaning, to the with
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the Normal: About hours using ECO: About hours the If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as turn the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the The the displayed the of the when It to the when: the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. that that the whenever the the or appears cleaning the The flashes The when the from to the The or to
the they there that the If the of or the If or reassembled the and used, fire, shock, or which the should that the and should to the of the cover, the cover gently. Warning C the fixing screws. off the and the the the cooled sufficiently the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. Procedure If the cracked, with or further the cover. there attached to the cover to it from should when the with the or head screwdriver, and then the the cover fixing screws with the screwdriver the cooled then the the cover.
the cover. the the the that fits and to the back. the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please regulations or recycling. of the securely. If the cover the cover correctly, the turn with Tighten the fixing screws.
The records the turned and and when it to the the the hours from the the the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly. the the the as shown the following C the The displayed though the cleaned. The It to the when: the the the the cover, and the the cover. the The when the from off the and the the to the Procedure the cover and straight the cover.
Press clicks of properly with of the section: of the section:
There and the To to impacts when the as follows. Notes Transportation Checking the following and then the Turn off the to the and the cover to the the foot. Nearby the Nearby", the following and then the Transporting the securely to from and it to the that the the protective that the of purchase. the to the lowest Notes when and
and This chapter the functions that to and the
such as with that You to which operations such as the of that connected to network and the from the Download the Broadcasting from the the The Broadcasting to to JPEG to of this chapter. the searched automatically, and You the IP to them. then to from the that and detected. Following of the and that Download the software from the following assigned to that they and and then the operating or the of information such as input and You of or that The (ON/OFF) and or of the of these selected or as and then operations the selected such as turning the If there actions which or to functions to the the and off and switching their input
the following to the of that connected to the and operations this function used. the You and the characters the displayed. To to with other than If to the the Procedure Microsoft or as the If OS, or Firefox. and with the Communication On to from the of the (when the off). the Advanced when with wireless LAN. (EB-G5950/G5650W) the IP of the the input of the and the the displayed. the Network from the EPSONWEB as the the characters the the as the items with from the and items only with browser. Items the that the High BNC Termination, Remote Corner, and The following items the The following items the Items related to items the and The Remote function allows to operations from Remote Items that only the Community Click Procedure
The input to BNC [BNC] Function The input to HDMI (EB-G5950/ G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) [DVI-D/HDMI] These to switch the when when from that with PC (EB-G5950/G5650W only) These buttons to and connected to the through the Temporarily the and or off. [A/V or buttons C The appears. to the input that connected to the and [Search] The input to (EB-G5950/ G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) The input LAN and USB each click. (EB-G5950/G5650W only) [LAN/USB] Decreases the Increases the buttons Not the EB-G5800/G5500. The input to (EB-G5800/ The input and each click. (EB-G5950/G5900/ G5650W/G5600) G5500) Turns the On or Function Computer1 The input and Computer2 each click. (EB-G5950/G5900/ Computer1 The input to (EB- G5650W/G5600) G5800/G5500) [Comp1/2] C
(Problems/Warnings) Notice Clean the Function to to the when or warning with This the to of with the function from the locations from the High Warning High-speed cooling cover High (Overheating) related to of three to Communication to On from the of the the (when the off). recorded, and to three If and once. of the Network EB-G5950/G5650W Network EB-G5900/G5800/G5600/G5500 input to the the turned the or that the Flow Flow Flow or appears the of the with occurred the function to On and the the following The IP the where the The of the where the occurred and of the EPSON occurred. Reading Notification Function The of the The following shows the that the each To with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators"
to when or warning with This when centrally SNMP from the from them. SNMP SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function using SNMP Wireless the SNMP LAN (EB-G5950/G5650W) to IP who with the EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 EB-G5950/G5650W
Flow Parity: Connector input RS-232C ESC/VP21 Commands the ON transmitted to the the and the turned input, the the and and then the command. Command <At the <At the If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF <At the (PC <At the SOURCE BF BNC SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE Function ground GND TD RD SOURCE B4 SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE length:
Command Item SOURCE ESC/VP21 SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL (CR) to the of each command and EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 EB-G5950/G5650W
information EPSON Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About "Product information EB-G5650W EB-G5950 EB-G5900 EB-G5800 EB-G5600 EB-G5500 The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the URL: Non-compatible commands and Command Source Command Function AVMT AVMT INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 INPT BNC INPT INPT INPT INPT HDMI INPT USB INPT LAN EB-G5950/G5900/G5650W/G5600 only EB-G5950/G5650W
characters and About (EB-G5950/G5650W only) It to and connected integrated On from the of the Communication to the (when the off). The following while the Broadcasting The the and therefore built with to the displays supported.) of below. with wireless LAN, Advanced the and connected to the from Confirm the following the the operation operated from Remote operation to the to with the and to or Edition and with software to the following to On the Others the Network the IP of the the field of the browser, and the the The displayed. the the Procedure This operating the browser.
or unpaused. Function About (EB-G5950/G5650W only) the reduce that with the to the the Click the to Click the to the without of or Click the the light and the the the the brightness. Brightness the sharpness. Sharpness the operation as the the The following operations when the other buttons clicked. or Clicking the Function The following operations when the clicked. Function Switches to the from the input where input. Search projected, the If clicked when the RGB the and the as the the OK and the Switch to the from the selected input To input that shown the or to or The input displayed Turns the and or off. A/V the or off. the the as the the The following operations when the clicked. buttons that shown the or to or The following operations when the buttons clicked. To C right.
to the using the Used to and IT About (EB-G5950/G5650W only) Function information the that currently connected. Info the the that currently connected. to the section. the The following items The following displayed the clicked the This to the the that currently connected. that currently connected the (The location the to characters and Location (The to currently connected from other the to the that characters.) Function Item to characters the (The and To
the when the to the (The to characters.) New Function Item About (EB-G5950/G5650W only) following DHCP Select the to DHCP. The DHCP Function Item Click this to to the If the the New the as displayed. Confirm the IP to assign to the currently connected IP the the currently connected Gateway the that currently connected the Click this to to the the when the to the (The to characters.) New Select the to to the The following items C Function Item Click this to to the If the the the as New displayed. Confirm the to to the The following items the
Network Functions (EB-G5950/G5650W Only) This chapter the functions
On the and then "Accessories" to Network The screen displayed. with to Network (EB-G5950/G5650W Only) to Network function and You from the the the function of the OS without to software. The its IP or allowing the OS to of the connected the displayed, the C Once the OS of the connected the that to and shown the of the LAN transmitted. outputting from the the to the LAN using the the to the to which the input input or input the You to connected. Network from Meeting the the using to the highest If of and that the and connected to the and the following operations. This section easy of to Network 7:Professional/Ultimate Compatible OS Turn the and switch the input to LAN. the Procedure
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5950/G5650W only) SSID and security when the the and the the This recommended when the and together. There WPS The Network displayed. SSID and security that assigned to the from the to the the and the to this to the with the This recommended when the mounted the PIN From LAN" "To following section when other than WPS. to the the and to the "Wireless LAN The following displayed. "Network from the the and Procedure
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5950/G5650W only) Press the the when prompted the The displayed. connecting the follow the below. to the PIN when using the "PIN using the Procedure Then, the displayed. Select C Press the the when prompted the
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5950/G5650W only) This the of the the and the Press the to the using the "PIN already the and the using the PIN Press the or the This the Select "PIN Procedure It to the Wireless LAN Select
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5950/G5650W only) C The Protected displayed. Press the or the the PIN the "PIN from the to the and then The PIN displayed. Wireless LAN It to the Select The displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5950/G5650W only) This the of the the and the Press the to the
and This chapter the and to to other
and from the from the and from the from the front of The mounted or as shown below. (Rear from tion) from front of the of when the from mount). If correctly, the or the the and Service to this This or If the mount fixing to the screws from or things such as or the or the mount, to the crack causing to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the screws from and or and the Warning Switch the Projection to the that obtained. optional mount when the "Optional and from Switching the Projection the its This malfunctions to the [A/V the about seconds. Procedure
switch and The of the Projection this least seconds, the accordingly. Installation Inv Direction the from the On the to that the To Rear or Rear/Ceiling the the Inv Direction the the and
the following when the to to the the Connecting to the of the and them. If them attempted the or when they match, or Turn off the and the The or they connected while the This section of the to the the interfaces "Interface" Connecting to The and from those The EB-G5800/G5500 or Projecting with the PC Projection software with the Projection Projecting with the Network software with the Network Projection to the following when from that connected through (EB-G5950/G5650W only) with the to Network function with or Projecting with Wireless the optional Wireless USB the optional Connecting input BNC input 5BNC
Connecting Computer1 input input (supplied) Connecting to Computer2 input input (supplied) HDMI input HDMI HDMI
input input input HDMI input DVI/HDMI DVI-D Connecting Connecting to It to the input input or input the HDMI the to the to which the connected. to to that with the HDMI the HDMI from connected to the with the the the to the the to the and If the the and the function CRT/LCD, of the computers) the the from This section of connecting the to the the interfaces "Interface" Connecting to
The and from those The EB-G5800/G5500 or Connecting the Connecting to BNC input (R/Cr/Pr, G/Y, input RCA BNC/RCA Computer1 input input (optional accessory) Computer2 input input (optional accessory)
Connecting the input input Connecting to input input input input BNC
Connecting the HDMI input HDMI HDMI Connecting to the input and the to the from the connected using that with the HDMI the HDMI
RGB from connected to of the following input displayed Computer1 input connected to other and Computer2 input and BNC input from displayed. with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN Connecting to Connecting LAN Connecting Connected with Connecting Connected LAN LAN LAN such as the or The the when the to the Connecting to (EB-G5950/ G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) To malfunctions, shielded LAN You with built-in amplifiers to the to of sound. with Connecting to (EB-G5950/ G5900/G5650W/G5600 only) You input from connected to the and the the This that when the the with the
and with the the Connecting to the the to the and it from the built-in Connecting Connected
Removing and the Unit Optional and the when necessary. If or the If the the to the If or the of the and malfunction. to the section with or the the and turn the anti-clockwise hear click. If the with screw, the screw. Procedure C the straight as released.
Optional and the when the insertion section facing or the Turn clockwise the Procedure C that the turning clockwise. the straight the insertion section with the white the top, and then clockwise hear If the without the and the and malfunctions or the of the with the
C the Wireless LAN using the screw to the the Wireless LAN Unit (ELPAP03) (EB- G5950/G5650W only) Optional and section the the cover that the from the Wireless LAN Procedure Attaching connecting to which the Wireless LAN mounted to using wireless LAN, the Wireless LAN the LAN to On (The On Screw to LAN Reading the wireless LAN There LAN the and the LAN the Wireless LAN
Flashing Wire- LAN tor Optional and the the cover the the back of the the Wireless LAN mounted or the Wireless LAN The Wireless LAN The LAN mounted to the connected to the Attaching and the The Wireless LAN mounted to the and connected to the The Wireless LAN mounted to the to the and C Tighten the screws. (You the screws with Mounting the cover, (The shows from the Procedure Attaching the with band.
Optional and the cover screws and then the cover. Procedure Removing
this to from wireless LAN. Wireless LAN ELPAP03 (EB-G5950/G5650W) purchase these products as and when The following of optional and as of: of to without and The following optional and Please the country of purchase. Optional and this to to and from the the to connected to used. to to to to to to to to ELPLR03 ELPLS05 ELPLM04 ELPLM05 ELPLL06 Wireless USB ELPAP08 the EB-G5950/ G5650W) ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 Optional This the as the with the ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 roll-type (Aspect ratio The They to the EB-G5950/G5900/G5800/G5600/G5500, the EB-G5650W Projection ratio when the ELPMB22 mount of these the with the too ELPKC19 to Remote ELPKC28 of to the from or the the when the ELPFP13 ELPFP14 this to the to the the or to and this to operation from the from ELPST16
and Service to this Optional and (EB-G5950/G5900/G5800/G5650W) ELPLP63 (EB-G5600/G5500) ELPLP62 as as ELPAF17
to to The following shows the when attached. optional attached, the the Projection Table with this To the the following to the reference. and Units: to to the from the of the to the of the This the Projection of C Units: to of EB-G5950/G5900/G5800/ G5600/G5500 to
to to Units: Projection of EB-G5650W and to to Units: to to Units: to to
Refresh Rate EB-G5950/G5900/ G5800/G5600/G5500 Supported Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) from HDMI input (EB-G5950/G5900/G5600 only) Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) SXGA+ WXGA+ SXGA Refresh Rate XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA UXGA MAC19" MAC21" MAC13" MAC16" SXGA+ UXGA when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported.
Refresh Rate MAC16" Refresh Rate when other than those input, that the when selected as the from the projected. functions supported. MAC19" MAC21" Supported EB-G5650W Refresh Rate Refresh Rate XGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) WSXGA+ WXGA WXGA+ SXGA TV(PAL,SECAM) SXGA+ UXGA MAC13"
Refresh Rate from HDMI input Supported SXGA+ XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA UXGA
EB-G5500 EB-G5600 EB-G5650W EB-G5800 EB-G5900 EB-G5950 Product Specifications Specifications XGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) including foot and (H) WXGA (W) XGA (W) (H) TFT active UHE ELPLP62 UHE ELPLP63 to to AC to (Communication (Communication On): to AC to (Communication On): to AC to (Communication (Communication On): to AC to (Communication On): to AC to (Communication (Communication On): to AC to supply (Communication (Communication On): to
(Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): to Specifications to +40C to EB-G5500 EB-G5600 EB-G5650W EB-G5800 EB-G5900 EB-G5950 Product The when attached. optional attached, the Optional with the optional The operating to +35C when to Normal of to input Computer1 input tors to +60C Approx. Computer2 input input input RCA RCA input 5BNC BNC input 1BNC input DIN DIN input RCA (L, R) RCA (L, R) input HDMI HDCP only PCM.) HDMI HDCP only PCM.) HDMI input
USB A) USB A) USB A) Specifications RJ-45 LAN Remote USB A) USB A) RS-232C This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. USB supported. the operation of USB guaranteed. Wireless LAN USB DNX ICs this of the shown the or
FCC United States Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the If this interference to instructions, interference to or reception, which turning the there that interference off and the to to the interference or of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H347C/H349C/H350C/H352C/H379C/H380C LCD of Product: EPSON
Appearance Units: from of to fixing of
This section easily that with the and that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without It to with or The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery (Aspect Aspect Ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household to The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to Network. DHCP which the and to to that of three and and international that and DICOM HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI input protected HDCP with this because the HDMI input with HDCP. the to protected with or revised of HDCP HDCP This (router) to Gateway (Gateway Address) High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or Aspect Ratio of HDTV wireless LAN which through
of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and alternately. to connected to Network. IP to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP of scanning whereby the from from top to to operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to This that the of the network from the IP type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA Protected the as of easily and Wireless LAN. WPS Protected This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
OS OS OS OS rights of this reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information contained Neither Corporation. with to the of the or transmitted or mechanical, from the of the information contained Notes this the operating to as OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. Notice Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. or of Microsoft Corporation the of RSA Security Inc. BSAFE RSA Security Inc. Microsoft, NT, and IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International This includes RSA BSAFE software from RSA Security Inc. RSA and of Apple Inc. and DNX of Inc. the United States and other countries. United States and/or other countries. from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the of TOSHIBA INFORMATION SYSTEMS WPA WPA2 and Protected of HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or or already the United States of America and other countries and areas. of HDMI Licensing LLC. CORPORATION software from TOSHIBA INFORMATION SYSTEMS CORPORATION. This includes Microsoft XP Edition operating Microsoft XP Professional operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations Other and of their respective owners. and rights those to with XP, and and of XP," and Furthermore, this the operating to as the to to the omitted.
This software as as software to which this The following information the free software this the rights. Software Copyright: SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights Notes This software this the terms of You the text of the LGPL the following the GNU LESSER [LGPL] (henceforth "LGPL") or This the terms of the LGPL, the to and/or the free software Please follow the of the LGPL when reproducing,modifying, Also, the software concerned offered "as with or warranty what ever.The includes, and third rights (including, Furthermore, as stated there software that included this to which the LGPL of of the (written issued this the terms of the LGPL, the as as authorship to, business of the characteristics of the free software that already this the free software this as stated the as the with the free software concerned) the this (including that the free software this based the LGPL. and/or the free software concerned. to, rights, copyrights, and Other free software concerned. LGPL
The GNU as follows. You the GNU PWC950 SDK wireless_tools patches original.Furthermore, there free software of the this (including that with the software concerned) the of the each author, the and the as the software the terms of the LGPL, this characteristics of the software that already this the following free software this (written issued this Copyright Copyright Notes Copyright Inc. Copyright and freedom to and free software--to the software free its software and to other whose authors to other to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of the GNU to users. This to of the Software Foundation's of free software, to Software Foundation software covered the GNU The software to freedom to and and that know these things. instead.) You apply to Preamble Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE This includes the software which apply PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the "EPSON the and the the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the If to the of the GPL please the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR of of this of the GPL of GNU GPL these rights or to to the rights. These to of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know To rights, to that to of the software, or their rights. The of GPL
based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to stating that You that or publish, that whole or If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including warranty) and that redistribute the such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the of the whole the of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the You and the (or based Section the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and copyright and that there warranty (or that as whole charge to third the of this the interactive normally You or of the or of written rather, the to the right to the these and the user to of this (or with based the of or or the terms of Sections and or from the or thereof, to the other the of this of or collective based the the and the of that of the following: every of who wrote rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that The and copying, and follow. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone everyone's free or authors' Notes This to or other which copyright that to containing the the Whether that what the You and of the as each copyright and of warranty; warranty; and other of the of this another translation included without the You charge the physical of and other than copying, and covered based the of or of or with and/or translated that conspicuously and this they its The of the The below, to such or the that to this and to the of the copyright distributed the of this and based the the or restricted, and the from the covered its option offer warranty protection fee. Each as with the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
Each redistribute the (or based the the or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who those that of protecting the of the free software the would other reason to this they from the of this If to the of software distributed through that to or willing to software through other or indirectly through then the both and this If the and/or of the restricted countries as to obligations this from the to which people This section to thoroughly clear what to or countries excluded. such this the this geographical to from of the incorporates the as written the of this whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this which distributed the terms of Sections and machine-readable of the to the of Sections and with the information as to the offer to and the the to and of the and of the operating which If of or offering to from the counts as of the though third or the and terminate from this their terminated as such You to this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or then offering to the from Accompany with written offer, least three years, to to the that normally distributed or with the rights this who received or rights, associated interface this otherwise to with the machine-readable third party, charge than of physically These actions prohibited this the that the nothing to or the or its The the of the as the distributed include or with such offer, with Subsection You or the as (This allowed only to the with the software or, software or, based Notes
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and published the Software Foundation. If the write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the option of following the terms and of that or of the of the of of If to incorporate of the other free whose The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to of this choose software and of promoting the and of software generally. published the Software Foundation. Notes END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS If and to of the to the To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. Foundation; of the or option) This free software; redistribute it and/or the the to this to software which everyone terms of the GNU as published the Software to the and of what How to Apply These Terms to New Copyright (C) of author> redistribute and these terms. BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or MA USA. If the interactive, this when information to and interactive
The GNU as follows. You the GNU SDL-1.2.13 You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the to with the library. If this what Copyright (C) of author The hypothetical commands and should the something other than and they mouse-clicks or If subroutine library, software, and to redistribute type with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free (which written of the the commands This incorporating Inc., copyright the to the GNU instead of this of items--whatever of Notes Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the MA USA Everyone to and GNU hence the GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE of this allowed. February freedom to and software--to the software its authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to or that the software and To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to the GNU to The software to freedom to and This the to specially of free software, to freedom of of free software (and charge this service wish); that of it free and that that these software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other to that the freedom to of the or based the below. Preamble things. users. GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the of the LGPL years the "EPSON the and the If to the of the LGPL please the the GNU or ("LGPL of of this of PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL
of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the to free software only, the of people to of software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating that the of that with the the freedom Although the protective of the users' to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the The terms and copying, and follow. there to the other to non-free and the wherewithal to that of the Library. combined with the to of the library, whether or fee, to the and them rights with copyright the library, and To each to it clear that there warranty author's reputation affected that might introduced Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the of GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free the the rights that You that they, software of non-free These to the that they them with the restrictive from Therefore, that or the If other with the library, the reason the ordinary obtained of the with the the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the offer this which to and/or fits its of The However, the other with the library. freedom of specified this these they know their rights. the library. free others. Notes the copyright or other authorized This to software or other which distributed the of this "this as GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION "library" of software and/or as to The "Library", below, to such software or which to library, the associated interface the containing the or of or with distributed these terms. based the Library" the with (which of those "Source the of the or copyright that to and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the to and of the library. functions and to
These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the instead of this to of the Library. To this, than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then This option when to of the of the Section or the of Sections and that with the which distributed the terms of Sections and If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and instead of to this (If You and the (or or of that instead wish.) other Once this that the written rather, the to the right to the You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU the other the of this ordinary GNU to and (or with based the Library) of or of or based the Library. software to the with the from that every of who wrote that library. these writing Whether that what the of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that You the whole of the to charge to third If facility the to function or of to function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to Subsection that function or You charge the physical of and Activities other than copying, and covered to that, the supply such this function optional: the supply the this they its The of the when the facility then restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the that the facility, other than as You and of the Library's You or of the or of as that conspicuously and that of the Therefore, each copyright and option offer warranty protection fee. function The software library. and what the that the the and the of the terms of this Library. Notes
the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the and properly with of the library, the as as the the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge offer to the that the already of these or that include and the from as the to distributed include and of the operating which that normally the operating You that based the and such combined library, that the of with the Library, with the the of the to It that this the of other that the Library", as and/or that the already the rather than copying that normally distributed or with the together with other covered this Accompany the with the both them and the together the that the the of the that the Library" that of the shared with the Library. the based the and of the other otherwise If of the offering to from interface-compatible with the that the with. the to the than the of this permitted, and that these things: already this user that from the to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this accessors, and and or length), the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that to the Sections or that You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, reference directing the user to the of this Also, of If such and that of the of the the without the Library, or the library. The the Library" with the to containing of the then the of the unrestricted, of whether Library, and that of choice, that the Section whether or they directly with the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore terms of the the customer's and containing this of the that the Library" with the include the copyright the them, as as that of of the Library, the Library, and therefore the of this threshold this to precisely such Section these things: Notes
It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who from to to the to or of this which to and specify choose published incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, of free software and of promoting the and of software the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the those that only or Each distinguishing If the write to the Software Foundation; this. of protecting the of the free software countries excluded. such this incorporates the The Software Foundation revised and/or of the If to incorporate of the other whose the of the of to the of software distributed through that to or willing to software through other the this geographical which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to as written the of this and that choice. of the of this the Software Foundation. generally. Accompany the combined with of the based the with the of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying You with, or the as You to this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and or the or based with or the to these terms and rights You third If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both it and this If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as this otherwise to other reason to this they from the of this If Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the These actions prohibited this terminate rights this who You further the of the the with, or the and nothing to or the or its from the to as to obligations this or rights, from this their Library, with other This terminated as such would to from of the Library. distributed the terms of the Sections whole to apply other of the with this Notes
of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or This software; redistribute and/or the Inc., copyright the information to and written MA USA of of That's there to PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY Notes BSD Software Distribution warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of BSD Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD This includes the software "University of This from software contributed to of of each which of the Copyright The of the University of California. rights copyright to the BSD as follows. You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and to Apply These Terms to New the of the ordinary found. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS Redistribution and and with or without that the following to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author>
This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free that this software please JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. English: LEGAL ISSUES know!) Redistributions of the copyright this of of and the following the and/or other the of the University the of its to or products from this software without (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF Redistributions the copyright this THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT with the and the following written SUCH DAMAGE. Notes You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG You this software whatever You to The authors NO WARRANTY or or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these its and as specified below. If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated that "this software based the of the JPEG If distributed, then the accompanying accompanying Group". of this software the user responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG of of each which of the Group's software. of and the accompanying MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of README the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which These apply to software from or based the IJG to NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". the library. If ought to acknowledge
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the and as with the following to the of this and the the that included the July through October Copyright Copyright Andreas of and copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) If immediately following this of of each which of the This of the of and distributed to the following to the of Contributing Authors COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: the copyright to the as follows. S. Raymond Contributing Authors specifically and the of this software as the of of its copyright of CA. terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this copyright the Software Foundation freely The IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. arithmetic as there This the LZW the GIF than "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to with the Unisys LZW GIF reading It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered products, that warranty or the The Unix with GNU It The IJG included to and write GIF To included this of L. its ltmain.sh). Another the that install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely NOT covered the copyright and instead the than the GIF to that the Notes There warranty that or the and the of satisfactory performance, accuracy, and with of or This with There warranty interference with of the or and with the following to the the and as with the following to the of through March Copyright and distributed to the Contributing Authors: The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of the and of the copyright to the This includes the software which MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the Also, the PNG PNG of the and The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. and printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); appreciated. Tom Notes through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: through Copyright Inc. BraceySam Tom This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of of of each which of the MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. (C) and Copyright software. The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such plainly as such and This Copyright or from or to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as the distribution. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following
The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would This the MD5 RFC whose text plainly as such, and This or from as the software. of MD5 (RFC L. required. The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would If the receiving to The free without warranty of The written and If redistribute would that include the plainly as such, and This or from history information as the software. include third-party required. Notes The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that The and author of L. references to from RFC Other authors noted the history that follows header rather than C++ from Martin Edited slightly TOC the RFC as copyrighted. or This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the terms of of each which of the Copyright (C) rights copyright to the as follows. following software. The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
following THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA THAT RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND COMMERCIAL USES IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION INCLUDING COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD ("MPEG-4 VIDEO") With to offering MPEG-4 and/or the VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON- AND LICENSING MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA,LLC. SEE HTTP:// TO PROVIDE MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE AND/OR DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER FOR ENCODING VIDEO IN WWW.MPEGLA.COM. MPEG-4 ASP: without restriction, including without the rights to Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to The copyright and this included or THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR as contained this the of the copyright publish, with modifications, and/or of the WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software or otherwise to the or other this granted, of charge, to of this HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, terms of of each which of the OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. Software without written authorization. OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. copyright to the as follows. of the Software. the following Notes THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSE CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO AVC VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY VIDEO") AND/OR DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM MPEG-4 AVC: or of such of this without This protected property rights of Microsoft. from Microsoft. WMV/WMA (Microsoft): This software from Inc. Copyright Inc. rights software: