Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Select "Brightness" from the Indicates items. Brightness Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
The incorporation of high-output to reach the of the classrooms. Ease of With that WXGA LCD the the aspect. This allows to effectively the of whiteboards and other landscape-oriented WXGA only) You the function and Remote function to the operations as with the or the from The integrated the mounting easy and reduced to The with plate that mounting easy. mounting You such as the and while mounted to to You this to people without restricts operation the and who the Protect to and Enhanced security functions of because such as there At the recommended shortest allows to the to the Short The with the following of anti-theft security with anti-theft security Security Security If mount the to and from Furthermore, when back facing the the light without the of because with field of who the appearing the the to or off when the where centrally, such as to which the connected switched or off. Direct on/off The function or effective of the and of the
Selecting Sources with Only) as connecting interfaces such as USB USB memory, or LAN This allows to from of input to match You effective of the "EPSON Software to and and Network of connecting to the the the and effective, interactive or Interactive Function function You connecting to already constructed You from connected to without to to the the optional wireless LAN the wirelessly to Connecting wirelessly to You graphics to text and Interactive This the of whiteboard and the with without the
Network Projection With the Wireless USB to the following Select whichever The following the to Network Projection the optional LAN Advanced offering of connecting to already constructed Advanced that temporarily the SSID to the and and then the when the optional wireless LAN disconnecting. to the the USB to from the Connecting with USB and (USB to the wired LAN the optional Wireless USB to the projection. Projecting with the optional Wireless USB
This with the Network function which and full-screen projected. Switch to the to the when from Projecting JPEG without connecting You slideshow of JPEG USB such as USB or USB memory connecting to the With this there You easily with USB and its really USB as optional and and with the
Screws to the cover Function cover fixing screws and Functions connecting to input the screws and this cover. cover currently or from the Microphone (Mic) input Allows to and the of the Function to cool the internally. this cover when the cover Screw to the cover from the Remote Fixing Screw C or to the while anything that become or heat the or
from the Interactive Function Function Interactive C and Functions or nears this. Doing the of this light high Warning Projection only) this cover when the or the optional Wireless LAN cover the cover and operates the the the optional wireless LAN LAN insertion to cool the internally. If collects the internal to and this service life. to the to with and the regularly. this when the optional LAN The Security with the Security Security and the cover. cover through and Function Security from the Remote
the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. RS-232C C Function the to the following and Functions Interfaces to the Computer1 input to This input to other than the Computer1 the from the or other input the to the USB to from the USB(TypeB) the cover to connected to the USB JPEG Slideshow when or USB(TypeA) USB to the Interactive Function. this to to the only) USB to the wireless function. this to to the Notifies of the of the USB connected to Light ON: USB connected the USB(TypeA) as below. Light ON: USB operating OFF: USB connected Light ON: USB to the optional to the to from connected to the input or the from from input Function input input input to the
plate attached to the the of (with Also, when the input of the following and USB: back slideshow from USB connected to the Computer2 input to input from and to from the the connected to the USB(TypeA) or when to the of from the optional from other to theAudio2 USB LAN Function and Functions Computer2 input connected to the Computer1 input to input from and to the of from other to LAN and then to LAN Computer1 input through and this to the plate when mounting the Function Security the of the currently or the input from the Microphone (Mic) input to to microphone. Microphone (Mic) input
(without and Functions Function The of the and whether they flashing or the of the to the input that connected to the and If of the Tracking-Sync., and to displayed, this confirms the item the or and to the the the or off. [Source Search] C the mount fixing to mount or mount when mounting the with the the mount or to or the mount. Function mount fixing (four through and Security
Remote If when or displayed, these selects items and Corrects the following the through and the Slideshow function however, these buttons function as the Network buttons. Function and Functions and the which shows to with they the displayed, pressing this to the the function. of the and the buttons, Press the to reduce the the or to increase the of the which items and displayed, these buttons function as the and the
displayed, this confirms the item the or and to the Function the or off. Function and Functions displayed, to the previous the function. If when the Acts as right when the Wireless function. Acts as when the function. from the input and the input the input C Each the input from the Computer1 input and the Computer2 input [Computer] the and or off. [A/V when buttons of hear off, and increase the the turning the turning the when the too high. Decreases the Increases the If of the Tracking-Sync., and to the The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] function, or the input of software that the using the function, USB LAN, the and these buttons. or buttons ([Down]) and the screen which shows to with they the pressed, the Press this to the on-screen displayed, these selects items and the or and the or reduces the without the buttons when the the pushed. function, the
Interactive Only) items, and assign to this displayed, allowing to Select item from the the the assigned item selection/ Function and Functions The assigned as the USB this to that Projection. to the with Network the optional Wireless [LAN] the input from the connected to USB and USB(TypeA) [USB] the this lights It light there If this the there Battery as the of switch Function to the input that connected to the and [Search] light- this cover when the batteries. Battery cover You Strap Functions as the right of C
to the This chapter functions and security
and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling The the following to the of the location. the and from the from the front of the At the of the to from and to from the front of the or Rear/Ceiling from the
USB the from connected to the USB(TypeA) LAN: the connected to and from Network Projection projected. and the input from the projected. The input from connected Source Search You the the following the USB input that Slideshow played back from USB connected to the USB(TypeA) or that from the optional when input. Procedure Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) You the Remote buttons to to the input to the connected, playback this operation. the the Remote input when the [Source You the as input with Search] or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. USB Computer1 Computer2 C
Wireless the optional to the with Network Projection. Wireless USB this to that the input from the C connected to USB and USB(TypeA) The following showing the of displayed or when found. You the input where the to connected. If when the that the currently about seconds, the the You directly to the the following buttons the Remote Switch to the Each the button, input from the Computer1 input and the Computer2 input Each the input from the input and the input
of than and higher than of or Connecting with USB and (USB You the USB to the to to from the This function USB USB from the displayed. Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU OS or OS OS supported. OS To the USB function, USB to USB from the the the to The following shows the USB B. EB-460/450W/440W: USB of than and higher than of or greater 512MB or 20MB or Amount of Memory Service or XP Service or Service XP OS Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: 512MB or 256MB or Amount of Memory 20MB or
from the to the to the USB Connecting with USB and (USB Connecting the directly to the and USB "Connecting the first "From the Connecting the first The first the to The and OS. EPSON_PJ_UD automatically. Procedure Turn the Procedure to the (supplied). C Turn the
the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. C projected. Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB authority, displayed and to the software. this to the and then to the the to the If to installation, If the USB Select the displayed, and Service
It while to projected. the projected, the as and the USB or off the of the Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB EPSON EPSON USB EPSONUSB DisplayVx.x layered and then clear the The the USB There to the Computer If automatically, If the the If nothing reason, To the EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE EPSON USB and checkbox. Disconnecting The of USB the "From the OS If the USB the USB If nothing reason, the USB To the the USB USB If there the EPSON PJ_UD from the Applications of the Applications the the authority and the installation. Double-click the If USB started. If the displayed, to C Follow the on-screen instructions to the the USB displayed the and
Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB from the that displayed, and then the USB To USB the or If from the USB when the USB It while projected. Please projected. From the Applications that of DirectX displayed correctly. The the USB There to the Disconnecting full-screen projected. Switch to the to the when from USB If projected, from the Applications OS
Projecting USB and other Slideshow You Slideshow to directly USB or connected to the that Projected Slideshow Slideshow You to USB that incorporate security Specifications that Slideshow and them continuously (Slideshow) clearly the ratio too to the characteristics of JPEG with than The following projected. with the CMYK high. Notes Select and using USB AC The that Format the FAT16/32. supply.
You memory USB and then the following (Select displayed, the to the to and then the to the with the the Slideshow back and USB This section the basic operations Slideshow. and Presentations Slideshow Slideshow Operations the operations from the Although the following based the Starting and closing Slideshow the top of the and then the Select To the Select the the USB or to the the to USB. Starting Slideshow Procedure The following the and using Slideshow. buttons to the the or the Slideshow basic operations Procedure Slideshow and the displayed. Procedure Closing Slideshow To Slideshow, the USB from the USB(TypeA) the or other off the of the and then the
selected, the the selected displayed. to Top Select the that and the to to the Presentations Slideshow You the played JPEG You JPEG Slideshow. JPEG the following Procedure or JPEG displayed, the To Slideshow the JPEG or Slideshow. To JPEG JPEG displayed as thumbnails displayed as the JPEG thumbnail displayed. this displayed. the (Down) the or the Next the of the and To to the the the or the Previous the top of If and the the the and the the The selected displayed. Press the
Projecting Procedure Presentations Slideshow buttons to the the to projected. the The displayed. Slideshow. Projecting The to back. C Press the USB and projected Slideshow of the following This function the of This function the of (Slideshow) Projecting selected the operations from the Although the following based the the USB while accessed. Slideshow correctly.
Slideshow. Procedure Presentations Slideshow to the the to played Slideshow and the the Slideshow and the the from the when reaches the Continuous On automatically. If to from the Option C Select Slideshow from the the of the and Slideshow the the and then the The displayed. You to the to the or while Slideshow. You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. (Slideshow) Press the to to the switching Option If the screen to or the (Down) the to when Slideshow. Press the the switching from Option Slideshow to other than The seconds and To when Slideshow, Slideshow
and Slideshow Presentations Slideshow You the and Slideshow operations the Option buttons to the the which to and the Select "Option" from the that displayed, and then the the the operations from the Although the following based the Procedure of the or the of the to displayed. You the to when Slideshow. You or from to seconds. whether to the Slideshow. switch Continuous the following Option displayed, each of the the the of the item to and The following shows the of each the to the items. buttons to the If to apply the the "OK" and the and the The applied. C the
USB and USB and the optional connected to the played back as Slideshow. or JPEG USB Slideshow" Connecting and USB Devices Connecting the optional connected, from the projected. Connecting USB To USB USB(TypeA) C USB as the to the the USB with the the [USB] the or the [Source Search] the connected to the the to switch to from the This section to USB the optional If USB operation correctly. or to the using the USB connecting and or USB directly to the with or specified with the the AC with the finished, the following to the USB from the USB
To C and turn off the to the the optional from the USB(TypeA) and then Connecting Procedure connected to the input or input such as You or from or to the You input from Computer1 input and the connected to the the This that when the the with the Connecting with To
microphone to the Microphone (Mic) input You microphone from the Connecting microphone You with built-in amplifiers to the to sound with (such as with the the Connecting Connecting The To Microphone (Mic) input To C To the the from the built-in it and switches to
with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN Connecting LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN LAN To LAN To LAN C
the optional wireless LAN the "Optional and the Wireless LAN Unit the to the the cover. cover. Procedure C the LAN the screw included to the Screw to wireless LAN the Wireless LAN
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when projecting. The of the the selected. bright This the brightest and tones using bright Application the the displayed the screen and the If the while the the to the The from the from the Theatre or TV bright The and brought to life. input) Sports or the input such as bright The and brought USB or LAN) this Blackboard tint, when Blackboard that to the using whiteboard. Whiteboard
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the to the brightness of the and Functions Projection the Iris focused what or when You this when to off that the the to operations such as Press the and Iris from the the the the Remote Procedure Remote Procedure The each Select "On". If this function when the You choose to Black or as the A/V the A/V from the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. the button, A/V or off. Iris when the to or Theatre C Press the to the Microphone when A/V
the Aspect Ratio when connected that that recorded or the Aspect Ratio when the Aspect Ratio the the the to from without the photo. Also, operations such as function activated Functions Projection the The and the of Aspect ratio as follows. Remote Procedure Remote Procedure Each the or off. the the Aspect displayed the and the Aspect The aspect ratio from Aspect the from the to from the If the while the or displayed, the or displayed the to back while the while used. where the cleared.
Native C the aspect ratio Projection the the aspect ratio and Each the pressed, the aspect ratio the of Normal, and Native. Normal
the aspect ratio Functions Enhancing You the aspect ratio as follows. Projection input to the the Aspect of the input Normal to the Aspect of This when to Aspect of to the input Aspect. This when If of and of the from the to or Normal to
You the aspect ratio as follows. offers of WXGA the (aspect ratio of the the aspect ratio to the aspect ratio Functions Projection input to the the Aspect of the input Normal input to the Aspect of input input the input the aspect as it that the projected.
input input the of the input to the If the the of the of the This clear Native Functions Projection Normal If of and of the projected, from the to or to
the This allows to the and to the about. the to Highlight Sections Functions Enhancing Projection buttons that to each other the the instead of or right. of the You choose from three of from the or Remote the Procedure Each the the appears or
to the of the that to the This useful when to to them such as and of the Functions Projection buttons that to each other the the instead of or right. of the Remote C Remote Procedure Each the pressed, the expanded. You holding the You reduce the the Press the to
The ratio appears the The selected to to Functions Projection the Remote (Wireless buttons to the Press the If selected, and Reduction USB and the USB(TypeB) the of the with the USB the wireless to the To the Wireless function, USB to Wireless from the the The following shows the USB B. the EB-460/450W/440W: USB OS OS OS OS OS 98SE XP OS
To Release the to the location. You to the Wireless function to the The Wireless function when the input function to used. the the Computer1/Computer2 and the input RGB. of and OS. further Functions Enhancing that to each other the the If the to the the The Wireless function while the following of the Remote buttons reversed. instead of or right. -While the displayed -While the Source -While the function -While the function -While -While displayed -While -While USB operated -While the -While displayed -While used. buttons of the Once the the operated as follows. clicks Moving the click: Press the Right click: Press the click: Press previous or This useful the Slideshow. Switching and To button. or While the the
Protect of the There to the of to the Background A/V and On to the following the prohibited. from the Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Network Protect On Network to the the prohibited. Network Protect The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft You people the the without the about The Protect displayed. seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Procedure Protect activated, people who know the the to the it At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as anti-theft as the Protect activated. Protect) Remote and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protect On to the On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
If Protect already activated, to If the correctly, the Protect displayed. the the Security Functions If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted. displayed. to the the the the the as further theft On Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the Turn On Protect. the displayed, the using the buttons the Remote the Procedure Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the C Turn Protect. Turn Network Protect. While holding the the the the buttons. buttons. The as While holding the four the this to If the the displayed, and then the The the the fourth the displayed. the displayed Select and then the Network Protect Select and then the On Select and then the button. Press the the
the and from the the the Procedure The If incorrect three the switches to If this the from the and then and the back The displays the that If the of the that appears the and the operation locked. about and then the the and Service the Security Functions the the Remote If to the and the thirty the following and the The as of the following to the buttons the Restricting Operation Select or of the the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the the the locked. The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated using the
the includes the following security to the often mounts and from the Anti-Theft You release the of the following Security Functions You about the The Security with the Security Security the www.kensington.com/ Security theft-prevention to Security the to From the Press and the the about seconds, and the released. from the the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the
to the the the and effective, interactive or Summary of Interactive Function Interactive Function only) The Interactive which allows to the the as You with function to and write text the the Interactive This the the and the the to the Interactive Touching the reference displayed the with the Interactive operation the the Easy Interactive Download Interactive the function, from the
Service or XP Service or Edition/Professional) OS Interactive Function only) Recommended: or III or CPU editions 256MB or Amount of Memory 100MB or It to the and the first the and USB and the Interactive Function the first Interactive than XGA OS OS OS OS OS OS Interactive Function ready Turn the and Interactive Recommended: Core or PC G3 or CPU than XGA 256MB or Amount of Memory 100MB or You to when with or the You Interactive Function Interactive From the the to to the function. the with the
Finished displayed, the and Interactive Interactive Select and These OS Follow the on-screen instructions to automatically. Interactive Function the Interactive Function only) Select to the type the the CD-ROM followed and OK then only) the and with the and USB C Interactive Turn the Procedure which Interactive and then the Double-click the Applications of the Interactive EPSON Select (or Interactive Interactive Interactive OS Select the to the selection and the "EPSON Software Interactive Function CD-ROM The automatically. Next and then the installation. the software as with authority. the following installation. Select or or Interactive and then the the which Interactive OS Click to the and Interactive Select to and Interactive Follow the on-screen instructions to the "EPSON Software Interactive Function Double-click the EPSON CD-ROM OS
The indicated the input to Computer1 or Computer2. Interactive Function only) the following when projected. Turn the The the of the <Not Connected> <Connected> The displayed the OS the OS, the or with the the the Computer's projected shortly the of NEC It seconds the to the Connected> <Connected> SOTEC SONY HP and connected with the USB correctly. You to the disconnecting and then If the connected displayed, whether or the reconnecting the USB Both only follows each the the On computers, the as DELL
If the of the with the of the Interactive flashes the top of the the from flashing to (Normal) with of (Advanced) or of Interactive Function only) that the the connected (Normal) that normally the (Advanced) when higher required. Click the the of the and item from the that displayed. flashing to of the the touched, positioning the of the The from offset other than the of the Interactive Click the the or the and item from the that displayed. OS The displayed from the top to of the right of the Click "OK" when the displayed.
Interactive Function only) Click the the or Interactive the and from the that displayed. OS Interactive Function from the the operations as the the Interactive to It seconds the Interactive to to connected of the that the and connected with the Turn the and and USB Procedure Click the the of the and the following to the Interactive Function.
It seconds the to the the following to Interactive Interactive automatically. Interactive Function only) You to the and then If the displayed, whether or the and with the USB reconnecting the USB correctly. the following to the Interactive Function. which Interactive and then the Double-click the Applications of the Interactive EPSON Select (or Interactive OS Click the the of the and The the of the <Not Connected> <Connected> C The indicated Click the the or Interactive the and from the that displayed. OS <Not Connected> <Connected> The displayed the OS Interactive to the operations as the the and connected,
from the the Aspect from the the from the the offset becomes other reasons. input automatically. to the the and the To Interactive Function, to the with the Interactive Interactive Function only) If Projection to Rear/Ceiling from the the The and match while Interactive Function while to or from the the USB with Network (input LAN), Interactive Function because the and match. used. the first Interactive the connected or Function. that, to the the Specify with the (Normal), and with the (Advanced). There (Normal) and (Advanced). the following the positioning of the Interactive the and the the offset becomes which replaced. AAA ready. other the pressed, the the Interactive If the of and to that used, or the the and Service the the Interactive from the the Tracking from the the from the the with that from the from the the from the the the connected. the Instructions the batteries. Instructions
While the cover catch, the the cover. Interactive Function only) Procedure the with batteries. the of the and the battery to the correctly. Press the cover it clicks C the cover.
Network Others SNMP Community Network using the of that connected to the You and the this function and operations remotely. the characters the If to displayed. To to that the following to Microsoft or as the If OS, Communication On If to from the to and the the the (when the off). Advanced specifying the IP of the as follows. the the the IP of the Procedure and items with items with from the Items the that with items the the following. The items each the as the High and of Protect of the the IP of the the input of the browser, and the the displayed. from the Network the the displayed. the characters the The following items with They from the Items that with
The Remote function allows to operations with Click Procedure Each the input from the Computer1 input and the Computer2 input [Computer] the On or Function C The displayed. and these buttons. LAN, the using the Wireless function or the input from that Network Projection from the input and the input the input C Temporarily the and or off. [A/V or playback. ([Down]) buttons to from the [Source Search]
USB this to that Projection. Wireless to the with Network using the optional [LAN] Function the input from the connected to USB and USB(TypeA) [USB] Decreases the Increases the buttons increase of hear off, and increase the the turning the turning the increase the too high the
the Notification Function to the Notification function from the to the when or with This the to of with locations from the to of three to notifying of the the Network On from the recorded, and to three If and (when the off). once. of the "Network
to when or with This to know about when SNMP from the centrally SNMP SNMP should or The SNMP function to SNMP The function SNMP to IP who with the LAN to the "Network
Protect Protect On from to displayed and the You Protect to You the that currently as the C the "Choose this as the displayed, Aspect, and functions used, If selected when of the the function currently temporarily. the to as the and then the Remote Procedure the to the of the to as the the the to the the or the match the of the the Select from the the the buttons and the operations they the the
the this as the The the the Completed. displayed. displayed, Once the to the seconds. the or connected while it otherwise malfunctions the factory Remote You of the "Select this displayed, Select the factor from the
You the that currently as the the to as the and then the Remote Procedure Select from the the the C Select
Remote If selected when of the Aspect, and used, the function currently temporarily. the the the the or the to match the of the than the the of the (when the to the of the to as the to the currently as You of to the the displayed, The The the the the this as the displayed. displayed, the seconds. the or connected while Once otherwise malfunctions to the factory Select this selection,
This chapter to the and its
the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the and Source currently as shown the following shots. each and Source. of Functions the used, input Function You the of the to surroundings. You the Brightness. Brightness You choosing of the following.(This item selected the of to from You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. Red, You the of each individually. the only when NTSC input You the Tint. You the light and the You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness Theatre (This item displayed the of to or from the whether or On to the to the light the Iris
You of the to their To items to their Function of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You the when the input LAN. to the of the input identified. If the correctly when to such as Normal when of the to the connected or to or You whether or On to the to the when the input You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function You the and right when of the that the whole IP each the This with amount of only when input) This graphics, and This
Smoothes rough There Select this to when which such as Reduction Function of You the input from the input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the the connected If appear correctly when this to the the connected If this to the input the connected You input from Computer1/2 input You the to their To items to their You the Aspect Ratio Aspect You the Function You this to operation of the You the of the You
Select ECO the too bright such as when or ECO selected, and the as follows, and reduced. about You the to of life: about Function of Functions this the microphone input and the microphone from the to hear, or the input too high, crackling sound the from the microphone. Mic turned to microphone from the Mic to Remote or the light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the operation from the Remote Remote You the each selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following items to the You the item from the with the Remote the the assigned item Info, Progressive,Test Mic and You from to or to such as or the displayed that the without While the displayed, and correction To the the the Remote or the If user You the to their To items to their
of Functions You whether or On to the Source when the Source, the when You whether or On to the (the when the Background You the when to Black or A/V You the A/V to Black or the when input, and You related to the Function this to On and the that the such as to On the the off within of to to On this when input and operations High to On when using the of Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. restored. You the that as background Background, A/V and You from the following to the the Projection Rear/Ceiling
The microphone input function from the when microphone connected to the Microphone (Mic) You SNMP or the software with this to and the of the The microphone input this to Communication On and Microphone to On You the following when the this to Communication On and the of the the the input Function of Functions USB this to when the and connected with USB and projected. Wireless this to when the to operated the USB On to On, whether microphone input or when the to Communication On Microphone Protect Protect to On related to You Protect to You the and the to their To items to their this to when Interactive Function only). You the to and On Protect Protect to On microphone input when Microphone to On "High
Network Protect Protect On to and the You Network Protect to Network of Functions Function You the each network as follows. Network Information LAN Security Wired LAN Others The following Network items. Network the of connected to the the functions and the This function You easily text to such as Security
Select items from the top and and selected items the as the Notes the Network of Functions Each the [CAPS] selected, and and However, when finished, the and of or or to the the [SYM1/2] selected, and the the section the the and the Network the and the Network the Network The Network items that to characters when them. this the following software buttons the Remote displayed. the the to the and then the to the holding the the Remote and the buttons. the to input. Press the or the and buttons the to to input. Soft operations
of Functions to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the using the connected to when the software. the to the when connected to editing, to characters. Function You to characters. this to On to the when to the and Network from from Normally, this to On Network Projection "Connecting to Network and
when the optional Wireless LAN LAN of Functions this to On when the and wireless LAN. If to wireless LAN, this to to unauthorized others. This to On Wireless LAN this to when to wireless this to Advanced when to Network Projection to the the to the to Function IP You input the IP assigned to the You input from to each field of the However, the to (where from to following IP used. SSID. SSID the wireless LAN which the the SSID. You to characters. SSID DHCP whether or On to DHCP. If this to On You related to the following IP the LAN Wireless LAN Gateway You input the IP the the You input from to each field of the to (where from to the following Gateway used. You input the the You input from to each of the the following used.
To the SSID from Network Info the Network and the LAN this to SSID Function of Functions To the IP from Network Info the Network and the LAN this to IP when the optional Wireless LAN Security Function security, follow the instructions from the of the network about to access. Advanced WPA/WPA2: This that security, which of WEP. Although there of WPA includes authentication WPA authentication authentication or authenticating and without This the without This the the and the match. WPA this "TKIP" and "AES". WEP: (WEP to Select type of security from the following items. to security Security
You the following items. WEP selected of Functions Function You the input the WEP HEX HEX ASCII Format You the WEP WEP You the WEP ID ID You the WEP the characters, following the instructions from the the which the The type and of characters that the WEP and If the of characters than the character length, or the of characters than the ASCII characters, characters. ASCII characters, characters. HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters character length, Format Encryption Encryption Encryption Encryption authentication. Shared shared authentication. the WEP authentication type. Authentication WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You the following items. You than characters the If to than characters, the from You PreSharedKey (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the PreSharedKey, and the the displayed as PSK Function
of Functions Wired LAN IP You input the IP assigned to the You input from to each field of the the to (where from to following IP used. You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. On On DHCP Select whether or to DHCP. If this to Function You related to the following IP Gateway You input the IP of the the You input from to each of the to (where from to the following used. To the IP from displayed Network Info the Network and the LAN this to IP
this or the information the of the "Reading of Functions You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP of the SMTP the SMTP Function On You whether or to the and the of the to when or warning the You to characters the You or to about You each Address. Communication On If to from the the of the the (when the off). You input the the SMTP The You input to
of Functions Others To SNMP to the the SNMP to SNMP You to IP the SNMP to (where from to You input from to each field of the the following IP used. the Function whether or On to SNMP. SNMP Trap IP Trap IP the connected to this to On when to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery the wireless or wired. Priority
of the of Functions Function of the the displayed. To of the Network
the of the and the of the Items that displayed the and Source currently as shown the following shots. the used, input supported. Info Only) of Functions LAN /USB/USB reaches the the characters displayed yellow. You the operating Hours Function You the of the the Source You the Source the connected currently projected. Source You the of the This information service required. You the Information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate The as "0H" the first hours. hours and 1hour as H", "11H", and This information about that with the It service required. the
of Functions The following items to their items the Network and You items the to their You clear the hours, and it to "0H". this when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
C Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and displayed as shown the below. Remote The displayed. Press the Procedure Press the to the Select If the function to the Remote
the this Indicates the operating If with the first the and "Reading the If the clearly what the might the or cool while the flashing. the Warm-up about seconds. Warming flashing. The with the following three that the of the Reading the the following the of and to the If off, the connected correctly or the when the the this normally. Projecting Indicates the internal Indicates the C
Flashing or flashing The off and approximately that the and and that the the switches to the following If the clean or High (overheating) Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service or If the the the the from the and or the the and Service If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and then turn the If cracked the and the High On the of or to the and whether cracked. the following Clean the If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service Iris the of or High to On
to the Flashing flashing or o If to the the passed, the that the blow increases. with as as that the and and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning or with If the indicated this the the from the and or the If the operating properly, though the showing to the the and Service
relating to and with the If of the following and the offer to the each the "The found." displayed." "Flashing appear started" relating to Interactive Function Interactive played back from appear and the projected. the completely the completely and displayed" relating to appear" "The from flashing to automatically" "The from flashing to sound heard or the sound sound heard from the microphone" Other such as interference, or white "Interference or appear appear. "The "Not supported" displayed." "The displayed." or of automatically" "I to the and "The of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and The whole appears or and white, appear and and LCD performance, the the and the appearing the match, this of "The or or the aspect right" "The when appear
relating to appear The correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. of the off? If the cover or the correctly, the that the and securely Press the to the the the to the the connected Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely to of the the correct? when from the correct? the completely when the to only. the with the or the of the when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the displayed Projection Press the to the If to the to to On
The supported" displayed. the with the to the and refresh from the of Supported the to the the connected the and refresh to the when from the correct? The displayed. when If the only to the LCD or accessory the title such as or "Connecting If the while the of externally, the appear the LCD or accessory Computer's that the externally. With when the the or already turned the function that the to Turn the the and the off and then back the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or with built-in LCD the output to the of the recommended within the recommended the the the with the the correctly? or of If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected projected? the to the the connected the that the with the of Computer's Interference or appear the correct? when when the selected? If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? If the correctly Press the the or the the to with and Tracking the Tracking and that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the of Supported Computer's the and "Tracking correctly? when from Only when the selected? the to the the connected Press the the to the The or or the aspect projected? when when projecting while projected. If the correctly other than with the Press the the or the the to from the the correctly?
the projected. To the the off the If activated from the of the Computer's the the from connected to the input the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected the that the with the of Supported Computer's Only when when the selected? right the from connected to the or input the to that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Brightness the Brightness the brightness correctly? the the correctly? and the and Brightness Brightness and from the the correctly? the and correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the the with to the from the the correctly?
when The turn If the cover or the correctly, the that the cover and properly. The connected correctly or supplied. and then the the and to supplied. of the off? Press the to the the There the or the the If this the using the the from the and or the the and Service the and off when the touched? Press the the If to the to to Remote Remote the from the the the selected? that the connected correctly. connected or connected properly. that the optional LAN the properly. received with the relating to and the connected correctly? the Wireless LAN wireless LAN To when the to Communication On from the to On the the correct? wired LAN
If, the the or the the and Service If the to and the to with the of the from the Network correctly. correctly from the that or functioning correctly. to the relating to Interactive Function the USB You to the disconnecting and then reconnecting the USB The and connected correctly. the and then Interactive Function. of the the of the to the USB and might If when the to USB The found." displayed. the Also, the when front of the the the from the Interactive to the Interactive there light the or the Interactive Function receiver. The surroundings too bright. that the and connected correctly. The and connected. the batteries. There battery
Flashing appear such as animations that redisplay the and then Interactive Function. The redisplayed. that the and connected correctly and then Interactive Function. The the the the light from the or the location of the The information there another light The from flashing to the of the or turn off the light The Interactive because the surrounding light the of the The information the too to the The from flashing to the from the and then the the connected correctly? sound heard or the sound Other the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the
sound heard from the microphone the Mic that sound heard. Mic the Mic turned too the from the Microphone (Mic) input and then the the microphone connected correctly? the towards the operation. the light-emitting towards the the operation? The the location where light the receiver. Alternatively, the Remote affected light to from the sunlight or light from the receiver? the from the the correctly? The operating the about the too from the the the or the the the from the the to the and
On the function to and the the following Reading Subject: EPSON The of the The following shows the that the each To with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" The IP the where the occurred. The of the where the occurred and of the High (Overheating) related input to the the turned the or that the High Warning High-speed cooling Iris Iris or appears the of the with occurred
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
that to and from the The catch fire of the high of the the Warning Clean the becomes or the of the to Cleaning the with or the to shocks, as easily become If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the Clean the and the when the following displayed. The overheating. nothing the and or the Cleaning the cloth cleaning to gently off from the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Cleaning the Projection Attention collecting the the internal of the to leading to malfunction or early of If the displayed, clean the as as the or
Cleaning If the displayed cleaning, it to the with three months. Clean them often than this the It that these least once every
This section to the batteries, and If the becomes or the reached the of their service life. this them with AA or batteries. other than AA or used. the Remote the of the and the to the the Press the clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions the Instructions Procedure the with
The to appear the following to the and of the the If to the the passed, the displayed, the with as as that the increases. the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the displayed. ready Normal to About hours ECO to About hours The the displayed when projecting. It to the when: the there that the cracked. If the of which or should that the and should to the of the cover, Also, the cover gently. There the of of or If or the and used, fire, shock, or when the cover. If this immediately. to the Warning The flashes displayed. The or to
the cooled sufficiently the cover. If the burns or other It approximately hour the turned off the to sufficiently cool C the fixing screws. off the and the the Procedure with the or screwdriver. Then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the cover straight and to If the cracked, with or further the the
the cover. the the the that fits the location "PUSH", and once the screws. Press the the clicks the the the the clicks
to the Procedure the securely. If the the off This includes that mercury Please or recycling. of as If the or the cover correctly, the turn with off the and the the the cover and the the cover. cover. The records the and and when to the the the the the Hours the replaced. the indicated correctly. The displayed though the There tear the cleaned. It to the when: the
of properly with of the of the ABS the the of the and the C the straight Press clicks the the cover.
ELPLP57 purchase these products as and when The following of optional and as of: of to without and The following optional and Please the country of purchase. Optional and as the as the ELPAF27 This the as the with the ELPKC02 Optional These when the with the too ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC19 when OHP or "Connecting USB when connecting the to wirelessly and the LAN Unit" to ELPDC06 Wireless LAN ELPAP03 this to to and from the the to connected to used. Wireless USB ELPAP05
C to Screen To the the following to the reference. and Projection Unit: to the of the Height from the of the Height from the of the to the top of the C to Units: to Projection Unit: C to C Unit: C to
Unit: to and C Unit: C to
Refresh Rate Supported of SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate Supported 440W) TV (NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) SXGA+ UXGA WXGA+ SXGA Refresh Rate VGA SVGA RGB) when other than the input. functions MAC19" MAC21" MAC13" MAC16" XGA WXGA
Refresh Rate Refresh Rate WXGA+ of Supported TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) WSXGA+ SXGA+ UXGA SXGA MAC13 when other than the input. functions when selected as the from the MAC19 MAC21 MAC16 Refresh Rate
Command Item MSEL the ON command transmitted to the the and the ESC/VP21 Commands Command (CR) to the of each and If the terminates abnormally, output and Command Item command input, the the and and then the command. SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE RGB PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MUTE OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL
Flow length: Parity: ESC/VP21 Commands <At the <At the Connector input RS-232C <At the (PC <At the Function ground GND TD RD
displayed "Product information EB-450W EB-440W EB-460 Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and the URL: Non-compatible commands and Command Function Command Source AVMT AVMT INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 INPT INPT INPT USB INPT LAN INPT USB displayed information EPSON
EB-440W EB-450W EB-460 Product Specifications Specifications WXGA (W) (H) XGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) TFT active (Communication On): to to AC to supply UHE W, ELPLP57 Approx. Without Plate Approx. With Plate (Communication On): (Communication to to +60C to +35C to
Computer1 input Connectors Computer2 input Specifications RCA (L, R) input DIN input Microphone (Mic) input RCA input USB Connector A) Optional LAN Unit USB USB A) USB B) USB(TypeA) USB(TypeB) RS-232C RJ-45 LAN Supports USB the operation of USB guaranteed.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. DNX ICs this Specifications If the of than and of
FCC United States and Interactive CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and only) Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to off and the user to to the instructions, interference to or and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H317C/H318C/H342C LCD of Product: EPSON
Since the Interactive FCC written the Interactive only) Specifications This with of the FCC to interference, and this interference received, the following this including interference that operation. FCC
Appearance
Without Plate With Plate Appearance Units:
This section easily terms that with the and that the text of this to other publications. AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the this technology, and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio which the and to quality. to that of three and (Aspect Aspect Ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household to The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and displayed High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or Aspect Ratio of HDTV This (router) Network to Gateway to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate of whereby the from from top to to to connected to Network. IP
Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV Network which the and such as routers and to TCP/IP Network. SNMP operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to SSID connecting to another LAN. Wireless with matching SSID. SSID This that the of the Network from the IP Address. The from If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the and interference type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking WPS of Protected Protected the as of easily and LAN. WPS type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
Microsoft XP Edition operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating rights of this reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or or mechanical, from the of the information Notes to with XP, and and of XP", and Furthermore, this the operating to as the to to the OS OS OS OS Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. this the operating to as OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. Notice from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the or of Microsoft Corporation the Other only and Microsoft, NT, and or already of their respective owners. and rights those IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International Macintosh, and of Apple Inc. WPA and WPA2 of the United States of America and other countries and areas. and DNX of Inc. United States and/or other countries. Corporation. The following acts the Wireless Telegraphy Act. and (including the IEEE band) Removing the of Telegraphy Regulations Microsoft XP Professional operating Microsoft operating About Notations
This includes the software which apply PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU "EPSON the and the the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the If to the of the GPL please the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR of of this of GNU GPL SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights Notes The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The GNU as follows. You the GNU PWC950 SDK The of GPL wireless_tools patches Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Preamble
This to or other which copyright that to containing the the Whether that what the You and of the as each copyright and of warranty; warranty; and other of the of this based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that You that or publish, that whole or another translation included without the You charge fee the physical of and Activities other than copying, and covered based the of as whole charge to third the of this or of or with and/or translated You or of the or of that conspicuously and The below, to such or this they its The of the the that to this and to the of the copyright distributed the of this and based the the or or from the or thereof, to restricted, and the from the covered its option offer warranty protection fee. Each as the and the of with the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its software and to other whose authors to using other to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free these rights or to to the rights. These to of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that users. This to of the Software Foundation's of free software, to Software Foundation software covered the GNU The and copying, and follow. The software to freedom to and To rights, to that to Also, each author's protection and to that everyone of the software, or licensed everyone's free or and that know these things. instead.) You apply to authors' their rights. Notes
with the information as to the offer to and only the the to and of the and of the operating which If of or offering to from the counts as of the though third or the and terminate from this their terminated as such You to this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or redistribute the (or based the the or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this then offering to the from to the that normally distributed or with the rights this who or rights, associated interface this otherwise to the that the These actions this The the of the as the distributed include nothing to or the or its or with such offer, with Subsection from the to You or the as (This allowed to the with the based If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including warranty) and that redistribute the such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the of the whole the terms of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the You and the (or based Section which distributed the terms of Sections and machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and with written offer, least three years, to copyright and that there warranty (or that the interactive normally Accompany with the machine-readable third party, charge than of physically written rather, the to the right to the these and the user to of this (or with based the of or or the terms of Sections and the other the of this of or collective based the software or, software or, that of the following: of who wrote Notes
distinguishing If the of this which to and published the Software Foundation. If the write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the option of following the terms and of that or of the of the free of of free If to incorporate of the other free whose of this choose software and of promoting the and of software generally. published the Software Foundation. If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who those countries, that to the to or of protecting the of the free software other reason to this they from the of this If the would The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to or to software through other to the of software distributed through that or indirectly through then the both and this If the and/or of the restricted countries as to this which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to or countries excluded. such this the this geographical would to from of the incorporates the as written the of this whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this Notes BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what This incorporating to the GNU instead of this of of If and to of the to the To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY This software; redistribute and/or the WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or write to the Software Foundation, Inc., the to this to free software which everyone of the GNU as published the Software to the and of what to Apply These Terms to New MA USA. Copyright (C) of author> redistribute and these END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS Notes This includes the software which apply the of the LGPL years the "EPSON the and the If to the of the LGPL please the the GNU or ("LGPL of of this of GNU LGPL PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR The of LGPL as follows and the of author The GNU as follows. You the GNU the of the LGPL SDL-1.2.13 LGPL If the interactive, this when information to and interactive Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the MA USA Everyone to and GNU hence the GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE of this allowed. February Preamble You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Copyright (C) of author The hypothetical commands and should the something other than and they mouse-clicks or software, and to redistribute type with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This of the the commands items--whatever (which written Inc., copyright the
GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the of people to of free software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating that the user of that with the the freedom Although the protective of the users' to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the The and and follow. software of non-free These there to the other to non-free the reason the ordinary and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. fits its of The However, the other with the library. combined with the to the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software free its authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to or that the software and To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the library, whether or fee, to the and them rights with copyright the library, and To each to clear that there warranty author's affected that might introduced Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the of free the the rights that You that they, The software to freedom to and This the to specially to the that they them with the restrictive from Therefore, that or the If other with the library, of free software, to freedom of of free software (and charge this service wish); that of and that informed that these obtained of the with the software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other the library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the offer this which to and/or to that the freedom to of the or based the below. freedom of specified this these they their rights. the library. others. things. users. Notes
You the to that You the whole of the to charge to third If facility the to function or of to function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to Subsection that function or These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and to that, the supply such this function optional: the supply the when the facility then that the facility, other than as written rather, the to the right to the that of the Therefore, the other the of this (or with based the Library) of or of or based the Library. function The software library. the and the of the of this every of who wrote writing Whether that what the the copyright or other authorized "library" of software and/or as to The "Library", below, to such software or which to library, the associated interface the of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these This to software or other which You charge the physical of and other than copying, and covered this they its The of the containing the or of or with these terms. based the Library" the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the distributed the terms of this You and of the Library's You or of the or of as that conspicuously and with (which of those "Source the of the or copyright that to and/or translated straightforwardly another each copyright and translation included without the to and of the library. option offer warranty protection fee. "this Each as and what the that the and to Library. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION Notes
accessors, and and or length), the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that to the Sections or that You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, reference directing the to the of this Also, of the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the and properly with of the library, the as as the Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the Subsection charge If such and with the Library, with the machine-readable the of the to that the Library", as and/or that the already the rather than copying then the of the unrestricted, of whether the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the the with the machine-readable Section whether or they directly with the of the the customer's and containing this of the that of the with the Library. include the copyright the them, as as interface-compatible with the that the with. the to the than the of this such Section these things: instead of this to of the Library. To this, than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then This option when to of the of the Section or the of Sections and that with the which distributed the of Sections and If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this that of the (because of the You and the (or or of the without the Library, or the library. The instead of to this (If that instead wish.) other Once this that the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore You to apply the of the ordinary GNU the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU that the Library" with the ordinary GNU to and that of of the Library, software to the with the the Library, and therefore the of this threshold this to precisely from that that library. these notices. Notes
You to this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based with or the to these terms and rights You third If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both it and this If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ of protecting the of the free software redistribute the (or based the Library), the other reason to this they from the of this If These actions this to the of software distributed through that to or willing to software through other You further the of the the would nothing to or the or its as to obligations this from the to which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to would to from of the Library. whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this with this offer to the specified that the already received of these or that include and the from as the to distributed include and of the operating which that normally the operating You that based the and such library, that the of Accompany the combined with of the based the with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying You with, or the as It that this the of other that normally distributed or with the together with other covered this this otherwise to both them and the together the that the terminate rights this who the of the that the Library" with, or the and the based the and of the other otherwise If of the offering to from or rights, from this their Library, with other This terminated as such distributed the terms of the Sections and that these things: of the already this user that from the Notes
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who from to to the to or of this which to and specify choose published incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, of free software and of promoting the and of software those countries, that or the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the Each distinguishing If the write to the Software Foundation; this. countries excluded. such this incorporates the The Software Foundation revised and/or of the If to incorporate of the other free whose the of the of the this geographical as written the of this the Software Foundation. generally. Notes END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS change. You redistribution these (or, alternatively, To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) If library, and to of the to the This free software; redistribute and/or the software that everyone redistribute and to the library's and of what to Apply These Terms to New the of the ordinary Copyright (C) of author> found. This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or MA USA PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY information to and
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT SUCH DAMAGE. You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of Coon>, of That's there to Notes California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD This includes the software "University of BSD Software Distribution The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG terms of of each which of the Group's software. of and the accompanying MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of README the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of BSD This from software contributed to of of each which of the Copyright The of the University of California. rights copyright to the BSD as follows. This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. that this software please You this software whatever You to English: LEGAL ISSUES know!) Redistributions of the copyright this of Redistribution and and with or without that the following and the following of and the following the and/or other Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without Redistributions the copyright this with the written
copyright the Software Foundation freely The IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, from the free JPEG software. as there This the LZW the GIF than "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to with the Unisys LZW GIF reading The with GNU It It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered The IJG included to and write GIF To its ltmain.sh). Another the Huffman that install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely GIF to that the You that wrote this software. If The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated that "this software based the of the JPEG These apply to software from or based the IJG to NOT the of IJG author's or specifically and the of this software as the of of its copyright of CA. of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this acknowledge somewhere that the IJG If distributed, then the accompanying products, that warranty or the to and this software (or or publicity relating to this software or products from This included this of L. software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". of this software only the NOT covered the copyright and instead the responsibility the authors NO thereof) without fee, to these the library. If ought to acknowledge than the LIABILITY of accompanying its and accuracy. as specified below. Group". Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of this and the the that included the the terms and of the copyright to the Copyright Andreas of and copyright Copyright This includes the software which Copyright Inc.) of of each which of the This of the of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: the copyright to the as follows. of
through Copyright the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the Inc. following of Andreas Copyright and distributed to the and as with the and as with the following to the of There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with and as with the following to the of through Copyright Distributed to the and as There warranty interference with of the or July through October Copyright through March Copyright If immediately following this and distributed to the and distributed to the with the following to the of Contributing Authors: following to the of Contributing Authors and with the following additions to the BraceySam Contributing Authors: S. Raymond Contributing Authors Tom Tom the Notes The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such plainly as such and to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as the This Copyright or from or the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment function "about" boxes and the The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without and would appreciated. Also, the PNG PNG of the and and printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
If redistribute that include the history information Notes This includes the software which warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the authors from the of this The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would This the MD5 RFC whose text This software 'as-is', without or warranty. to to this software including the terms and of the copyright to the and to and redistribute freely, to the plainly as such, and This or from of of each which of the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the Copyright (C) rights as the software. of MD5 (RFC copyright to the as follows. L. of following required. software. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of of of each which of the MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. (C) and Copyright software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. required. If the would to The free without warranty of The written and This or from include third-party The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR as this the of the copyright WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING or otherwise to the or other this HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT Software without written authorization. OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. The and author of L. to clarified from RFC Other authors noted the history that follows header rather than C++ from Martin Edited slightly TOC statically or Notes This includes the software which the following used) terms as follows. of the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty without restriction, including without the rights to Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to The copyright and this included or publish, with and/or of the software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software This includes the software which granted, free of charge, to of this of of each which of the of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. copyright to the as follows. of the Software. the following of the copyright or authorized the copyright Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to otherwise, or ownership of or of the the or of such entity, whether or the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this or ownership of such entity. that the Definitions. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION
of to the and of this each charge, royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, Contribution(s) submitted. If You institute (including or counterclaim that the Work or Works thereof with or without and You other of the Work or Works copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and then to You this the You own within Works that You or as to the You to that that their Contribution(s) or Works that You include of the Contribution incorporated within the Work or Works; within the Source or to You contained within such NOTICE those NOTICE text from the Work, that such You the Source of Works that You with the Works; or, within the Source or that You the following Redistribution. You and of the Work or where such to those such of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such that Work terminate as of the such as the of the Works; and You the and of this and (or or Entity "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or Works" whether Source or that "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works the copyright or or Entity authorized to that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously "Contributor" and or Entity of Works of, publicly publicly and of Source including to of authorship. the of this Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work and of Copyright to the terms and of this or its including to include that from, or (or each to You "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" included or attached to the the of or written to the royalty-free, copyright to the as indicated copyright that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, whom Contribution and or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. and to other types. the Work and such Works Source or incorporated within the Work. this Contribution." below). Notes
of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or own and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or rights with this accepting such obligations, You Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and fee or and reproduction, whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise Notwithstanding the nothing or the of service or of the as of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its KIND, or implied, including, without or the of using or redistributing the Work and with Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without You copyright to and or of modifications, or such Works as This to the "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY reasonable and customary the of the Work and FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or associated with of this of You explicitly otherwise, with the stated this the of the NOTICE terms or such Notes To apply the to the following the that or and of included the as information. (Don't include the The text should the with the with the copyright within third-party archives. Licensed the (the this with the APPENDIX: to apply the to Copyright of copyright owner] You of the END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS or agreed to writing, software distributed the the the and distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the (including or otherwise, to You including indirect, or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or (such as and acts) or to writing, or of character as of this and other or such of and theory, whether tort of the of such