that the and correctly, the and the to to the or to The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the others and the of to property. indications Notations Used This This information that, possibly death or to incorrect Warning This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect information indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure
and the of each RGB Also, the and brightness of each RGBCMY, the as the with and matching Ease of when mount Common who the Protect to and users Enhanced functions easily balanced, this only mounts, You easily the and the the located the of the Also, the easy to the that allows to the of the the and of with and locations. You this to people without restricts the and The with the following security with anti-theft operability when when the the cover supplied, with the and once the The the back of the easy that to the which of the cover. The type allows to and easily and You the to the and optional the optional the to and off when the where centrally, such as to which the connected switched or off. Direct On/Off Screw to the Security Security to You the the cover the of the You the it of or the and front of the turning the off, the without to the to cool first. cool
USB or JPEG and SD or USB directly. You without SD or without "EPSON Software to You effective of network the and and EB-G5350/G5150 This allows to and as You from to four from EasyMP and third the to already constructed the optional wireless LAN the to wireless LAN. From and effective and as follows. You and from the to the or another You the function the connecting the to and the "Network with "Network the from the USB to using USB (USB
this cover when the cover Function and Functions The shows attached. that become warped or otherwise affected heat the and or the while to the of the and through this and the of the such as when the the foot to and the front foot. Foot the C foot Press this to the when the cleaning or the this to the from the Remote projected through The of the and whether they flashing or the of the
and Functions with operation and shorten the to and this to through this to cool the of the If collects the internal of the service life. Clean the regularly. Function or Turn the to the of the or right. Turn the to the of the
and Functions the optional mount when the from Function mount fixing screws to the cover the optional wireless LAN this screw to the to and to the to and Rear foot Screw to the cover wireless LAN C Screw to through when to the anti-theft to this screw to the the screw supplied. this when carrying the Security the screw to Screw the
and Functions from Function input Rear to the when to from the from input connected to the input or the from input to the input Security The security with the and with the memory and USB and PC USB A) (EB-G5350/G5150 only) Security the optional wireless LAN the when Function section Wireless LAN with PC EasyMP. SD memory and SDHC (SD High Capacity) cards, and the projected. the to with commercially USB and the Indicates the of USB A) flashing or (EB-G5350/G5150 USB only) USB B) G5150 only) (EB-G5350/ SD (EB- G5350/G5150 only) to the with RS-232C the from This and should normally used. C RS-232C the optional the this the the and from the Remote LAN to to LAN Indicates the of the SD (EB-G5350/ SD G5150 only) from and from other from and from other BNC input from input Computer1 input
and Functions and computers. from HDMI HDMI input Function connected to the Computer1/2 input to the when USB and to to sound from the to from the from output.(EB-G5350/G5150 only) or the BNC input from other from and Computer2 input input or other input to Computer1/2 input or the BNC input other than the Computer1/2 input or the from the connected to the to the This BNC input the sound of the currently to
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons the through however, these buttons the Corrects the following items and the PC function and Function displayed, to the If when the function. shows to with they and the which Turns the or off. Function If when or displayed, these the through however, these the Corrects the following items and the PC function and buttons or If of selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the C connected to the and to the input that [Source Search] and the
and Functions the or off. Function to from the or input to from the BNC input C [BNC] to from the Computer1 or Computer2 input to from the input [Computer1/2] receiver, this the the the optional wireless or displayed, selects items and and the or selection and to the displayed, and the Acts as when using the optional wireless receiver.
and Functions this to IP IP from the "Network", and buttons Function input and or projected.(EB-G5350/ to the next/previous when the G5150 only) Function buttons the without the of that the the pressed, the or buttons If of the synchronization, and to the receiver, the the the optional wireless buttons. the and or off. [A/V Acts as right when the optional wireless receiver. the function. If when displayed, to the Press to the shows to with they and the which Press to the ID. [ID] The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] the items. the the assigned item Press to item from selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch assigned as the the optional the and from the this the Remote Decreases the Increases the function the pressed. using EB-G5200W/G5300/G5100, this to the G5150 only) [EasyMP] from the and this to IP
and Functions this switch to ID the ID switch Function to from the HDMI input [HDMI] connected to the and to the input that light when [Source Search] light-emitting
This chapter functions and and the security Functions of the Projectors.................................29 the ID................................................... Checking the ID............................................... the Remote ID........................................ Restrictions the when Projected Correcting Distortion with Corner Correcting Distortion the the Projected the Projected (Source Search)............................19 Directly from the Automatically Incoming and Summary of Correction Procedure Correction Correcting Functions Enhancing Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect the aspect EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 only)..........................24 EB-G5200W) Function the aspect the aspect the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Projection Quality Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the lock................................................................... Anti-theft
the the Correcting Distortion the There to as below. This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Corner correction You easy corrections This allows to manually the and buttons the and the Press the to the selection from Select Corner", and then the which of four corners. buttons. The pressed, correction These together. the correction selected from the the correction choose assigned to the to when and and Corner" and correction while to or other Correcting Distortion with Corner Procedure Press the the and then the from the
Correcting Distortion the Projected and as to corners. to the to C the the or the buttons the and then the and from the to buttons the the to the correction to Corner" selecting the displayed. from the when buttons the to when the the correction and and If the about seconds while correcting with Corner, the following displayed. and To the the the buttons the or the Corner: the of Corner Switch to Switches the correction to H/V- If the below the correction, this that reached the correction amount
connected, playback this operation. Procedure connected and the input from the You the buttons to to the input You the the following The input from Source Search directly the Projected the the Automatically Incoming and the (Source Search) The following showing the of currently or when about seconds, the connected to If found. You the input where the displayed when the that the or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. input when the [Source You the as input with Search] button. Computer2 BNC Computer1 HDMI The input where input EB-G5350/G5150 to EasyMP.
the You directly to the the following the Directly from the Remote from the HDMI input to to from the BNC input Remote to from Computer2 input the Computer1 or only) G5200W/G5100, this function the to the using EB-G5300/ pressed. to from the input to from the or input
Select "Customized" to "R,G,B,C,M,Y" from the Application Functions Enhancing Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Remote Procedure from the to bright This the brightest turning If about and tones Application Each the button, the the and the If the while the the to the projecting such as bright The and brought input) using bright black-and- white bright Text Theatre The using the from the TV bright or The and brought to life. input) Sports that to the this tint, when Blackboard
Functions Enhancing from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Remote Procedure Each the or off. Procedure to from the where If the while the while the and or displayed, the or The to playback the while used. displayed cleared. You choose to or as the A/V If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V the "Extended"-"Display"-"A/V from the activated. Each the A/V or off.
Functions Projection the aspect EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 that recorded or the aspect ratio when connected that the aspect ration when The and the of aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio input, the to Procedure EB-G5200W Remote Normal Through Each the the aspect the and the aspect If the while the aspect the to the aspect from the The "Aspect" the
Functions the aspect EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 only) You of or input from the HDMI input as follows. input to the aspect of aspect of to the This when to to the the aspect of the input aspect based information from the input. Computer1/2 or BNC input input from the Normal HDMI input input from the Normal input when aspect. This input input the of the input If the the to the of the This of the projected. clear Through
Functions Projection of the or everything, or "Normal" from the the of the You the aspect of of or input from the HDMI input as follows. EB-G5200W the (aspect ratio to WXGA to the aspect to the aspect EB-G5200W) Projection input to the the aspect of the input Computer1/2 or BNC input input from the Normal input aspect based information from the input. HDMI input input from the input to the aspect of
Functions Projection Projection Operation input input aspect as that the the input the input input the of the input If the the to the of the This of the projected. projecting clear Through of the or it everything, or "Normal" from the the of the
Functions the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Function You choose from three of from the the Remote Procedure Each the the appears or
Functions the to the of the that to Remote This when to to them greater such as and of the C Procedure Remote Remote The ratio appears the The selected Reduction the function currently to to If selected when or the to the the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the holding the Press the to
ID the and the the to the with matching ID. This You ID the within of to The and with the of the ID Also, there ID switch the of the and this switch to You ID the within of to The and with the of the ID the or the when of the ID Restrictions the when Can Can Can Can Remote ID switch: On ID: ID: ID: Remote ID switch: On ID: Remote ID switch: ID: ID: ID switch: On ID: ID: Remote ID switch: On ID: ID: when ID and ID switch On when ID and ID when ID match, and switch and ID when ID match, and switch On and switch On and ID match, when ID
Restrictions the when the following to the ID. Checking the ID the ID Procedure Remote Procedure the the and ID" from the the the the while holding the [ID] the to the ID the Choose the ID to and the C Press the to the
Restrictions the when to to match the ID of the While holding the [ID] to of the ID the ID switch to On, Also, the ID with the ID the ID switch the of the ID and which to ID and with the switch to On. the Remote ID the ID switch to On. Procedure The ID the the to them and the ID retained. the to the (ID0). Once this the that operated
the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Correcting Correction and projecting that the of from each the and tone of each with the brightness and tone match completely correction. match closely. You correcting from Each selected, the of the selected Select the to corrected or lighter correcting to or to displayed. Press the and from the the Procedure and to and the ID the To operation to ID the the following to the ID and the ID Summary of Correction Procedure the correction and corrections the the and the and C Correct the with "Brightness Correct.". to the brightest from to the from the the displayed to to the from to and each of these the following You the to them match closely You from to white You correction when from You the to them Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". Correct the Correcting brightness Correcting
Correcting the and the and the correction and corrections the Each the the Correcting Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". corrections finished, the to the procedures to corrections finished.
"Network Protect" to "On" the prohibited. Network Protect The with of anti-theft security You people the the The the following security You who the without Operation Anti-Theft Security Functions the The displayed. about seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Procedure Protect) Remote the This acts as anti-theft as the Furthermore, the that displayed when the to the At the of purchase, Protect activated, people who know the Protect activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, displayed. the the the as further the the theft whenever the turned disconnected from If the to the the of the Protect" to "On", the following the prohibited. the supply connected to the the Background", and "A/V On Protect" "On", the from the
Security Functions Remote Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the If the incorrectly, The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the buttons Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the C Turn Protect". Press the Select "Network Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn "Network Protect". Press the button. and then the button. The as the fourth the If the shown the buttons. The The the displayed, the this to While holding the four Select and then the displayed. the displayed
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the operation buttons the of the the locked. You of the the the button, locked. off. Restricting the displayed, the the buttons the the This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated using the While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure the from the the and Procedure outlet and then and the that appears the and the about and then the switches to If incorrect three the If the of the "The operation locked." back The displays the the and Service If this the from the that the the the If to the and input the The operation locked. as and the thirty the following
Security Functions You about the that and the The security with the Security the mounts and the includes the following Security the Security Anti-Theft The that the through the to the to or theft-prevention immediately with the screw supplied. Screw to the Security Select or the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. The to the C Select when the displayed. chose. about seconds, displayed and Press and the the From the from the You release the of the following the released.
Security Functions The type allows to and easily the If concerned about security, this anti-theft once with the screw supplied, Anti-theft
This chapter to the and its Wired LAN Others Info Only)................................................ Security when the optional wireless LAN the of Network (EB-G5300/G5200W/G5100 only).........48 Network (EB-G5350/G5150 only).........................50 Notes operating the Soft operations................................................................51 LAN when the optional wireless LAN
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions (EB-G5350/G5150 only) Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness R, G, B, C, M, Y: You the and brightness of each (red), C (yellow) You choosing of the following(This item selected selected as the individually. (This item "Customized" selected as the from the (This item "Customized" selected as the from the Red, You the of each individually. from the You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the (This item selected selected as the from the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness You the to their To items to their
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You the when the EasyMP.(EB-G5350/G5150 only) from the HDMI input to the of the input identified. If the correctly when to such as of the to the connected or to "Normal" or the connected fixed, and specify the You whether or (On/Off) the to the when the input Function CG, animated and recorded to the from the HDMI input RGB) or when input.) IP each field the This with amount of pull-down, to the of the This You the and right when of the that of the You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when (This when RGB input) which such as Reduction
of Functions the HDMI input to DVD and the to the DVD (This when RGB input) HDMI Function You the input from input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the Computer1/2 input or the BNC input You the to their To items to their You the aspect ratio Aspect
of Functions buttons the to corrections to and "H- Corrects and of or Corner: Selects and corrects the four corners of the You and the Function You this to operation of the You the of the Shape Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and rotation reduced. about life: about You the to of Brightness to or the light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the from the Remote You the each
of Functions item displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following items You the item assigned from the with the the the assigned Brightness Info, or to the Function the displayed that the without other While the To the the the or the displayed, and correction You the to their To items to their
of Functions You whether or to the when the input the when You whether or (On/Off) the (the when the displayed. Background*: You the when to or A/V You the A/V as or the when input, and You related to the You the that as background and displayed A/V Function Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You Protect" to You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" You from the following to the the Projection
of Functions to "On", the the off within of to to "On" and the connected to that of electricity when BNC Termination: the termination the from the BNC input This should usually to to "On" when to "On", this when input and operations High to "On" when the of back the to automatically. Direct On: You whether or to Direct On. termination such as switchers necessary. Operation Function You SNMP to and the of the the or using the "EMP software with You and while the when this to "Network On". this You from to white to and each of these "Brightness Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y): You the the of each Brightness Correct.: Corrects the the of each Correct." and Correct". You the and of each when and projecting. the ID within of to that ID ID You the Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You Protect" to You and from the to their To items to their "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", displayed and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EB-G5300/G5200W/G5100 only) You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the the Function IP Address: You input the IP assigned to the DHCP: You whether or (On/Off) to DHCP. If this to "On" You Wired LAN You from to each field of the the following used. to (where from to MAC Address: You the MAC the You from to each field of the the following used. Gateway Address: You input the IP the the to when the software. to when and the You to function that allows to and the the EMP EMP characters. You to characters.
of Functions To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Trap IP 1/Trap IP You to as the SNMP You SNMP SNMP Function The from WEB the from to this or warning the information the of the when or warning You to three You to You the and the of the to Notification: You whether or to If this to You from to each field of the the following IP used. SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the to (where from to You the SMTP "Reading Function" characters the the connected to this to "On" to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. the to the when connected to You the to their To items to their AMX Discovery and the following software displayed. the the to the to the and then the holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to input. the this the selected, and the section Each this selected, and and
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", displayed and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EB-G5350/G5150 only) using the of connected to the the and the This function You easily text to such as security "Wireless LAN", "Security", "Wired LAN", "Others", and The following network items. Function Network
of Functions this the following software displayed. then the to the input. Press the to input. holding the the and the the to the to the and The items that input of alphanumerics buttons. the to the the or and Soft operations to the and of or or to Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the Notes operating the network the the section this selected, and the the and Each this selected, and to the without the the and the the
of Functions Function to when and the to characters. function that allows to and the using the connected to when the software. the to the when connected to editing, to characters. You to characters. To third from the SD without You to characters. or SD Card the Network" to "On", to the when try to the to Normally this should to "On". Operation "Connecting to Network and Projecting" from from the Network
of Functions LAN when the optional wireless LAN Function WPS Protected wireless LAN, easily the to the and security WPS the connected to with EMP NS that permanently connected SSID. SSID the wireless LAN which the the SSID. You to characters. SSID the wireless LAN strength. the wireless LAN Wireless LAN You input the the You input from to each of the However, the following used. You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP If this to "On" You whether or (On/Off) to DHCP. DHCP You input from to each field of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway the MAC MAC
of Functions To the IP from the this to IP To the SSID from displayed the this to SSID Function
of Functions Security when the optional wireless LAN installed) EAP and authentication These such as EAP-TLS which "TKIP TKIP PSK (Pre-Shared to the which to This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA this WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication authentication or authenticating the optional wireless LAN and strongly recommended that security. Select of the This the encrypted the and the match. and without This the without authentication, LEAP which ID and and EAP-TTLS. to WEP which encrypted with (WEP following security of security WPA/WPA2 WEP EAP security, follow the instructions from the of the about to access. Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function
of Functions CA EAP-TLS Authentication and CA to the of and CA If EAP, to the that match the authentication with follow the from the of to the These with EAP-TLS. RADIUS ID, EAP-TTLS ID, ID, PEAP/EAP-GTC ID, LEAP
of Functions WEP selected ASCII: The of the encrypted WEP with text the with the the network which the and then to "ASCII". You the input the WEP encrypted HEX: Format Function You the WEP encoding. WEP You the WEP the characters following instructions from the If the of characters shorter than the character length, character encrypted. If the of characters the which the The type of character and the that to the "WEP than the character length, characters that the encrypted. "ASCII": alphanumerics, characters. "ASCII": alphanumerics, characters. "HEX": to and to F, characters "HEX": to and to F, characters and "Format" Selects the WEP ID ID Encryption Encryption Encryption Encryption
of Functions WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You Pre-Shared (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the You than characters the from than characters. and the pressed, the and displayed as Shared Function Function EAP-TLS selected PSK (Encryption EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, or EAP-FAST/GTC selected You than characters the from than characters. You to authentication characters You to characters. Operation Function Information the displayed. You by/ You authentication characters. You to characters. the You than characters the from than characters. and the pressed, the and as
of Functions Wired LAN You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP Function If this to "On" You whether or to DHCP. DHCP You input from to each field of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway To the IP from the this to IP the MAC MAC
of Functions this or the information the of the "Reading Function" You input the the SMTP The You input to You input from to each of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP Function You whether or (On/Off) to You input the of the to the You to three You to characters the to the specified "Destination notifying that or warning occurred. You items from the items. You the or to about the selected or the
of Functions Others To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should to (where from to You to the SNMP You input from to each of the the following IP used. Function the wireless or wired. Gateway 1/SNMP Trap IP SNMP Trap IP AMX the connected to this to "On" to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. Discovery
of Functions of the Function the the appears. To of the
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) EasyMP(EB-G5350/G5150 only) the input from the HDMI input reaches the the characters yellow. You the operating Function You the of the to the "Source". You the input the connected currently Source You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and This information about that occurred the This information service required.
of Functions The following items to their items You items to their and You clear the hours and to "0H". when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................67 lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the on-screen displays to the You the the the the Press the The displayed. Procedure and displayed as shown the Press the to below. Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this Warm-up The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the of the wireless LAN when the optional wireless LAN installed.(EB-G5350/G5150 only) or cool-down while the flashing. Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they
lights or using the the from the and or the the and Service Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service and or the the and Service If the the using the the from the The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, clean or using of or "High to "On". High (overheating) If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and turn the the and cracked. the following Clean the Cover using of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing Warning or flashing o (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or High Warning or with If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as If the indicated this the the from the and If the operating properly, though the showing to the or the the and Service
when If of the following and the offer to the each the The to the and sound heard or the sound Other Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing projected. Moving Projection relating to appear the The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. The "Not Supported" displayed. Interference or appear The displayed. or of The whole appears or white, appearing the match, this performance, that the the and the and LCD appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right Nothing appears the appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the the to the the connected the correct? the to output only. the to the LCD and the when from when displayed Press the to the If to the to "Operation" to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from Projection
the to the the the correct? The "Not Supported" displayed. to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported Displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The displayed. or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the and the off and then back the output to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from Turn the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too of the recommended within the recommended the the
to appear the the about hour used. If the the of the and this the If the from to or the off and the to the the to the the connected the correct? when from Interference or appear Press the the or the the to and from the If the correctly the If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? the and "Tracking correctly? when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the If the correctly the from the from the correctly? the to the the projected? Press the the to the The or or the aspect when
If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the the when from connected to Computer1/2 input or BNC input the following to the the connected the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? the input match the from the connected when right the from the the correctly? from connected to or that the securely connected. the correctly? the "Brightness" from the "Brightness" the correctly? the "Contrast" from the the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" from the Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? the "Brightness" and "Brightness from the "Brightness" "Brightness the brightness and correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the the from the "Contrast" the correctly?
The that displayed from Computer1/2 or BNC input from other than the Computer1/2 or BNC input projected? Nothing appears the The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. and then the the switched off? Press the to the the when There the or the the and or the the and Service If this the the the from the Press the the If to the to the to the "Remote from the "Remote the the selected? the and off when the touched? the to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to the back the back immediately Direct or the turned off?
sound heard or the sound Other If when connecting HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the the from the input and then the the connected correctly? The the location where light the receiver. the to from the "Remote the "Remote from the "Remote the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? sunlight or light from the receiver? using the from the and the connected, the light-emitting or the the the ID the to and the ID the match. To of the ID the ID switch the of the to the ID and the ID matched? the correctly or the with necessary. the optional connected to the or to the the or the correctly? the from the the to the and
To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? the If the or the the and the to Service function of to the the EB-G5350/G5150 "Network" correctly. that the LAN connected correctly. connected or correctly. the LAN connected correctly? that or functioning correctly. to the abnormality and the to function correctly the EB-G5300/G5200W/G5100
This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to Appendices Notes when and (EB-G5350/G5150 only) the the PIN with LAN Access WPS Protected Cleaning............................................................... Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100...................................... EB-G5200W............................ the Remote the to the the operating the to the Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to Unit....................................................................102 Removing......................................................................... Attaching and the Optional and Optional Notes Transportation Nearby..................................................................92
(EB-G5350/G5150 only) Network (EB-G5350/G5150 only)................................... Connecting USB Devices Reading the USB Indicators...........................................104 Removing USB Devices...................................................104 Connecting and Removing USB Devices About of Supported EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100.................................. RGB).................................................. from the HDMI input Supported EB-G5200W RGB).................................................. from the HDMI input Supported (EB-G5350/G5150 only)................................... Reading the SD Card Access and Ejecting SD Cards Specifications....................................................122 Specifications Conditions the Software........ Connecting LAN (USB EB-G5350/G5150 only)............ Connecting Connecting the first From the Connecting with USB and Appearance........................................................126 Index...................................................................129 Function Reading ESC/VP21 Commands Command
from (Rear from front of the The the following four to the of the location. its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and the mount and the or and the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the the its This malfunctions to You the as follows the [A/V the about "Rear" or from the seconds. optional mount when the from
of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the or cleaning, with and lightly. If brushed too strongly, the immediately when the displayed. If collects the the internal ground the and You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the it with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth to the Cleaning the the cover and it straight the cover. Procedure cloth cleaning to the the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the "The overheating. nothing the Clean the and the when the following and or the displayed.
Cleaning If the too become to and cracks. the the as shown the following the the to clean the front. the back the cover. C With the front of the facing four Turn and the other the to off the or to off the front the the the the cover, and it
Cleaning Press the cover. If displayed, cleaning, to the with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the
the of the and the to the the the with This section to the batteries, the and the If the of the or that the becoming this them with ready to when required. You the Attention Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions/Support and Service the Instructions Procedure Catch
to the and The to appear the following of the "Brightness Attention It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should continually high brightness: About hours brightness: About hours as as ready incase The the displayed when The when the from to the displayed. Flashing The flashes the there If the of which the should that the and should to the of the cover, that the the cover gently. Warning The or to
C the fixing screws. It about hour the turned off the cover. If the burns or other the cooled sufficiently the to cool enough. the off the and the Procedure If the cracked, with or further the the cover fixing screws with the screwdriver from should when the cover. there attached to the cover to the cooled then with the or head screwdriver, and then the the the cover.
the cover. the the the "PUSH", and once the screws. that fits the location the the off as Please or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with The records the turned and and when to the the the hours from the the operating the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly.
the the as shown the following the The though the The turned brown. It to the when: cleaned. the The when the from to the the the the the cover, and C the the cover. it the cover and straight the cover. Procedure
Press the cover. of properly with of the section: of the section:
(Projection EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 (Projection EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 (Projection EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 (Projection EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 The They to Projection ratio screen EB-G5200W to EB-G5200W to EB-G5200W to EB-G5200W to EB-G5200W ELPLR03 ELPLS03 ELPLM04 ELPLM05 to to to to ELPLL06 this to with the carrying ELPKS58 Optional and of optional and as of: Please purchase these products as and when The following The following optional and of to without and the country of purchase. roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 screen that easily. ELPSC06 (Aspect ratio Optional of these the with the HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 too This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 this to operation from the from Remote ELPKC28 to ELPKC19 this to the to wireless LAN and then Wireless LAN ELPAP03 EB-G5350/G5150) this to the or to while Wireless ELPST16
Optional and when the mount ELPMB13 when the ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 or the the and Service to this of to the from ELPLP46 (EB-G5350/G5300/G5200W) ELPLP47 (EB-G5150/G5100) as as ELPAF17
There and the To to impacts when the as follows. Notes Transportation Checking the following and then the Turn off the to the and the cover to the the foot. Nearby the Nearby", the following and the protective that the of purchase. the to the lowest then the Transporting the that the to and to them that If the the securely insulation to from shock, and the that the which clearly as containing of purchase, or and Notes when and the
the Select from the You the that currently as the buttons and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", displayed and the Protect" to the the C "Choose this as the displayed, Aspect, or the function If selected when currently the the screen to the as to the of the The recorded and selection displayed. the the or
"Select this displayed, the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed." displayed. the or connected while the seconds. Once the otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the You to
From "Wireless LAN" "To WPS Protected with LAN Access (EB-G5350/G5150 only) SSID and security when the the and the This when the that assigned to the from the to the and the to the the This recommended SSID and security this to the with the when the and together. There WPS. mounted the PIN The following displayed. "Network from the Press the the and then Procedure the follow the to the PIN when the "PIN below. The Network displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5350/G5150 only) C Press the the when prompted the the Procedure Select Press the or the This the Press the the when prompted the The displayed. It to the Wireless LAN Then, the displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5350/G5150 only) using the "PIN already the and the the PIN Select from Select "PIN Procedure This the of the the and the Press the to the The PIN displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-G5350/G5150 only) displayed. Press the or the C The WPS from the to the the PIN displayed the "PIN and then Select from It to the Wireless LAN The displayed. This the of the the and the Press the to the
the "Optional with optional the following to choose the The The following shows the when attached. optional attached, the Screen and Units:cm(in.) Units:cm(in.) (Highest) to (Lowest) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 (Highest) to (Lowest) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of of the from the of the to the of the This the
Screen and Units:cm(in.) Units:cm(in.) Units:cm(in.) EB-G5200W (Highest) to (Lowest) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to (Highest) to (Lowest) to Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to (Highest) to (Lowest) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of to to to to the from the of the the to the of the This
You with built-in amplifiers to the with and with the to of sound. the Connecting to Connecting to and the the when input to the Computer1/2 or BNC input to using the with the when connected to the This that the Connecting to To with using the to the and the from the built-in To and to the such as the and to and HDMI input to To
Removing and Attaching the Unit Attaching Turn clockwise the the when the insertion section facing or the Procedure If or the of the If the Screw to the the and the when necessary. If or to the section with or malfunction. the and the anti-clockwise hear click. Procedure the straight
Removing and Attaching the Unit section with the white the top, and then clockwise hear the straight the insertion White C that the turning anti-clockwise.
such as and USB should If USB the correctly. and using the AC with the connected to the directly. Connecting and USB Devices (EB-G5350/G5150 only) connected to the that the and and USB and USB that USB played back "PC Operations" PC The USB as follows to the of the USB connected to the Reading the USB The following to USB to the USB with, or specified with as Connecting USB Devices USB connected. USB connected. PC Removing USB Devices USB than length. If the PC function correctly. Turn off the or USB finishing the following to USB from the Procedure from the USB A). To USB A) To USB USB
The SD or flashing as follows to the of the SD Reading the SD Card Access and Ejecting SD Cards (EB-G5350/G5150 only) You SD memory and those to the SDHC (SD High Capacity) with PC "PC Operations" Flashing The SD operations. Reading or writing to the SD The SD by. the SD that the the malfunction or The following to and SD cards. From these to as SD cards. the SD the with its top the as as facing Procedure SD
and Ejecting SD Cards (EB-G5350/G5150 only) the while its light flashing. You the or Gently the SD The SD Procedure SD the SD straight
type LAN The following shows of the EB- with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T G5350/5150. the the interface there SD Connecting LAN To LAN LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN
the directly to the and USB Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB EB-G5350/G5150 only) from the This function USB USB from USB to the to the displayed. when from the to the USB Turn the Connecting Procedure the cover. "Connecting the first "From the Turn the the the to the (supplied).
Connecting with USB and (USB EB-G5350/G5150 only) projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. C projected. Computer" and then automatically. "EPSON_PJ_UD(X:)". Connecting the first USB EPSON USB the USB There to the Computer" "EPSON_PJ_UD" "EMP_UDSE.EXE", To the "EPSON If automatically, "EPSON "EPSON USB If reason nothing projected, "EPSON USB Hardware" The Disconnecting to the and then to authority, displayed the the If the USB Select and to the software. this If to installation, and Service Click
Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB EB-G5350/G5150 only) It while Please projected. From the
Reading Function The IP the where the The of the where the occurred the function to "On" and the the following and of the Subject: EPSON occurred. The of the The following shows the that the each To with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" Cover cover related that the the the or input to the turned High Warning High-speed cooling High (Overheating) or appears the of the with occurred
(CR) to the of each command and If the command terminates abnormally, the ON to the the and the input, the the and and then the command. turned and Command Item MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/ OFF ESC/VP21 Commands Command MSEL Black MSEL MSEL A/V selection Command Item PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF SOURCE BF BNC SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE B4 SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE G5350/G5150 only) EasyMP(EB-
ESC/VP21 Commands <At the <At the Connector RS-232C input ground GND GND GND Function At the (PC At the TD TD RD ready DTR DTR DSR ready DSR DSR DTR RD RD TD Parity Flow Stop-bit
that the and connected to the and the following operations. Network (EB-G5350/G5150 only) Procedure "EMP NS Software Meeting&Presentation of and the to and and such as function, There connecting the to The EMP NS the EPSON and from the Operation "EMP NS Turn the and then the [EasyMP] the "Accessories" "Network allowing the OS to of the connected On the and then The its IP or The displayed. "Network function Therefore, the function of the OS without to from the detecting the "Network software. the that to and shown the of the the C Once the OS of the connected the displayed, the to the highest If of and the the "Network from connecting to LAN Windows:Vista This section easy of "Network Compatible OS
information EPSON displayed "Product information EB-G5200W EB-G5350 EB-G5300 EB-G5150 EB-G5100 and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the Class established the JBMIA to URL the JBMIA. About commands Command Function AVMT AVMT AVMT AVMT and Command Connector INPT Computer1 input INPT Computer2 input INPT BNC input INPT input INPT input INPT input INPT HDMI input INPT
Units: RGB) Supported EB-G5350/G5300/G5150/G5100 of Supported XGA Through Normal VGAEGA VGA SVGA Aspect Refresh WXGA+ WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" MAC21" when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. the VGA
of Units: Aspect Refresh Units: Aspect Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL,SECAM)
of Supported Units: from the HDMI input Aspect Refresh XGA WXGA SXGA Through VGA SVGA SXGA+ UXGA
of Supported Units: RGB) Supported EB-G5200W Through Normal XGA VGAEGA VGA SVGA Aspect Refresh WXGA+ WSXGA+ WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC21" MAC13 MAC16" when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. when selected as the from the the VGA
of Supported Units: Aspect Refresh Through Normal HDTV Units: HDTV Through Normal TV (NTSC) Aspect Refresh TV (PAL,SECAM)
of Units: from the HDMI input Aspect Refresh Through XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA SXGA+ UXGA
EB-G5200W EB-G5100 EB-G5150 EB-G5300 EB-G5350 Product (W) (H) (D) including foot and Specifications Specifications WXGA (W) (H) TFT active XGA (W) (H) to to AC to 2.0A to AC to 1.7A to AC 2.0A to supply ELPLP46 UHE W, ELPLP47 UHE to ELPLP46 UHE to to to to The specifications when attached.When optional attached, the "Optional with the optional "Brightness to "High Brightness" of to and of to Approx This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. to
Specifications EB-G5200W EB-G5100 EB-G5150 EB-G5300 EB-G5350 Product Connectors Computer1 input Computer2 input HDMI only PCM) HDMI input RCA (L, R) input input 5BNC BNC input 1BNC input DIN input RCA input USB A) USB A) USB A) USB B) USB B) USB B) SD SD Card RS-232C Remote RJ-45 LAN If the of than and SDHC to to of This USB2.0.USB to that USB. TM DNX this
Specifications EMP NS EMP and USB only with EB-G5350/G5150. The software with the that the following Conditions the Software USB EMP EMP EMP NS SP4/XP/ XP SP1/XP SE XP Edition/ Professional) SP1 or SP6/2000 SP4/ or SP4/ XP/XP SP1/XP Recommended: OS or OS or SP4/XP/ XP SP1/XP OS Recommended: MB or MB or MB or Recommended: III or or Recommended: II or or MMX Recommended: or or Recommended: MB or MB or Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of Memory PC G3 or Recommended: Core or III or or CPU than XGA of than MB or MB or MB or MB or or than SVGA Office 2000/XP/2003/2007 or than XGA of than
Specifications interference to and reception, which Class to of the FCC These with the instructions, interference to This tested and found to with the interference installation. This turning the off and the to try to or reception. there that interference the from that to and and, and If this the or Increase the the and receiver. to reasonable protection the interference or of the following FCC United States or the which the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located connected to interfaces. or If this than interface established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this the FCC or Declaration of this The of non-shielded interface to this and interference which the the the WARNING authority to the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the Each to the that the following EPSON :H272C/H273C/H278C/H286C/H298C/H299C of Product:
of Appearance from of to fixing Units:
AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the this technology, and to the function (ON). the AMX AMX Discovery This section easily terms that with the and that the text of this to other publications. The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and chroma that the to to that of three and which the and to URL of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and displayed alternately. High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or greater reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) network to to connected to IP of whereby the from from top to to
The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh this the that they the recording these played back the they to their as Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV This the IP the SNMP. SNMP Trap IP This that the of the from the IP international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to SSID connecting with wireless LAN. that to SSID. SSID type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to quality. to that of and C of The of the phases of these (the of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA of The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the Tracking. If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking WPS of Protected Protected the as of easily and wireless LAN. WPS type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA