Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
This allows to the This the to the Turn the and off or Turn the from easy to easy height with and Projection, and "Correcting manually" Connecting with USB and (USB connecting USB from with USB without Functions Detecting and correcting from of or This function the projected and of the or This corrects which when positioning or the "Correcting automatically"
The with of built-in to such as the off and while the by. functions to wasting electricity "ECO functions Increasing (WXGA) (EB-955WH/ EB-950WH/EB-W29 only) Function the power-saving the On ECO to from the that the power-saving the of the when the brightness switched to ECO ECO brightness. aspect. You whiteboards and other the Aspect Ratio of the With that WXGA LCD the the You the to operations such as of the You the as or as the the of the Function USB and or (PC You USB or to the and of such as or "Projecting Without (PC You and using the optional the Remote to the (Wireless and with the of the You temporarily the and This when and the and the to and using the software supplied, of the "Optional Accessories"
Connecting to and from the who the Protection)" Protect to and Enhanced security functions You Network the EPSON Software CD-ROM. Network Projection. You the the allows from the without the the to from to operation the You this to people without "Restricting and The with the following of anti-theft security with anti-theft Security "Anti-Theft Security to with only) the Wireless Wireless USB to wireless LAN connecting the optional USB Wireless LAN to and the following LAN EB-S29/EB-S27) or the optional of Network from these from location, If iProjection from the or wirelessly the which or the LAN Unit" "Connecting LAN
You iProjection free from the or from incurred when with the or the responsibility of the customer. Projecting from connected to the or from smartphones to that the of or with connected allowing to of using PC Projection, to You the from the from other four from the the smoothly. You PC Projection the EPSON Software CD-ROM.
of the this of EB-965H otherwise mentioned. and Functions EB-S29/EB-S27
Function "Correcting the the to cool the internally. Function and Functions to cool the internally. "Cleaning the and the cover. the cover the the EB-S29/EB- S27) and of which injury. the If the of or the or mouth. Warning Corrects the "Correcting manually" The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security when the the cover the Press the foot to and the front the foot. Foot C the and that become warped or heat the from the While or burns, or to the to and the A/V A/V Screw to the cover Fixing Screw such as the foot to the the of the foot when using the to the closing the and the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V sound. A/V from the
EB-S29/EB-S27 EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H and Functions Rear the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C C the to the "Turning On the from Function EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27 from to the or the from from the microphone. EB-98H/EB-97H only) EB-950WH/EB-965H/ EB-945H/EB-940H/ (EB-955WH/ Mic RGB input from the Computer1 to You input from other or
the to USB and the the with USB USB-B Function from connected to the Computer1 Function and Functions the to using USB the to the to the Wireless function. USB or and "Projecting Without (PC using PC USB-A from the currently to from and from other Computer1 Computer2 from connected to the Computer2 from the Remote the optional USB the Wireless USB the Wireless LAN Unit" the optional Wireless LAN This screw the wireless LAN cover. the optional Wireless LAN fixing screw and computers. This from smartphones and that from HDMI MHL High-definition "Connecting with HDCP and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP EB-98H/EB-97H only) EB-950WH/EB-965H/ EB-945H/EB-940H/ HDMI2/MHL (EB-955WH/ EB-98H/EB-97H only) EB-950WH/EB-965H/ (EB-W29/EB-X30/EB- X29/EB-X27/EB-S29/ EB-945H/EB-940H/ EB-S27 only) (EB-955WH/ HDMI1 HDMI LAN to to EB-S29/EB- LAN S27)
EB-955WH/EB-965H/EB-945H EB-950WH/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27/ EB-S29/EB-S27 and Functions the optional Mount when the the from Function (three mount fixing through and the "Optional Accessories" Security
such as to and the to the Rear C Function and Functions such as the foot to the the of the foot to the input that "Automatically and the (Source Search)" displayed, and the selection and If while RGB from the the or the and to the Function [Source Search] the allowing to and "Correcting manually" buttons C displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the the
and the which shows to with they the Function and Functions If when the displayed, the to the EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-W29/EB-X30/EB- EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/ the Decreases the Increases the X29/EB-X27 the function. or buttons buttons Corrects the when the displayed. the of the the of the the EB-S29/EB-S27 displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the and the the the or off. "Turning On the the "Reading the Indicators" Indicates the
displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the Function the or off. "Turning On the Function and Functions The function from the Acts as when the Wireless the Remote to the (Wireless function. the the input from the Computer1 and the Computer2 [Computer] Each the pressed, the through the and HDMI C If while RGB from the and Protection" the such as when using the to the the Wireless function the following "Projecting with USB USB buttons the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the Projected [Aspect] this and the buttons to Protection" and numbers. the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Turns the and or off. [A/V projecting PC these buttons displays the previous/next You the Projection as follows the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling or reduces the without the of the buttons PC these displays the rotates the and "PC operating the or the displayed, these selects items the and and the the buttons the of the that pushed. Wireless function, the the Remote to the (Wireless
the the to the EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only) MHL (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/ [MHL Function the or as Each the pressed, the "Projecting Function and Functions Switches to the from the connected [LAN] to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" from the connected to the USB-A Each the pressed, through the following USB [USB] [Source Search] and the which shows to with they the the or Remote light- If when the displayed, the to the previous Function the the Decreases the Increases the the function. Acts as right when using the Wireless the to the (Wireless function. this and the buttons to the ID the to ID and the the [ID] Each the pressed, the "Selecting the Quality (Selecting
If the of the or that the other the AA or AA or ready. You becoming this them with the and Functions the following the Instructions the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the Press the clicks the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the with
Remote operating and Functions
the This chapter to the and
of when the If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This serious to the mount the screws from and or and the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. from mount). If correctly, the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the and the causing and Warning the to the of the location. The the following four the (Rear from tion) from front of the the its This malfunctions to and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling front of and from the from the The You from Rear to from the You the Projection as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling optional mount when the "Optional Accessories" from the as follows.
and the the right to the to the The the shortest Projection the from the to the the following information the If the to the the that to the the the the reduced. and Projection EB-W29 If the the the the following the to the "Correcting Distortion" the following the the "Correcting Distortion"
EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-X29/EB-X27/EB-S29/EB-S27 Screen the EB-950WH EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-X30 EB-955WH
the EB-940H
The location, and the connected. this section of EB-965H. Connecting the to the You from the the the to the To from the of the following the or USB using the Connecting the computer's HDMI to the HDMI You the with the the USB to the USB-B You the with the using HDMI C
You the input A/V Connecting You USB to the to to from the This function USB with USB To from DVD players or VHS and to the of the following or Connecting Sources the the to the the the to the You from the the the to the the the to the input You from the the the to the the HDMI the to the HDMI You the with the using HDMI C the optional "Optional Accessories"
Connecting Turn off the to connecting. If the input when to the malfunction. If the or of the to force The or malfunction. You the input A/V If the to to the with the or optional to to the
EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H supported. Connecting Smartphone or Connecting You smartphones and MHL the MHL to the HDMI2/MHL the You the with the smartphone or to the the charging when projected. the the MHL If that the MHL the smartphone or If MHL-HDMI charging the smartphone or or to operations from the You to MHL to become or You to correctly the and of the smartphone or If correctly, and then the MHL
You such as USB memory, the optional and USB and Connecting USB Devices Connecting the USB with the USB the USB to the USB-A the the USB connected, the USB memory or PC "PC If USB the correctly. such as and USB should connected to the directly. connecting and using the AC with the USB than three length. If the three PC function correctly. or to the the USB with the the optional LAN USB finishing USB from the such as or off the and then from the Removing USB
You and connecting or Connecting Connecting microphone (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only) C On the microphone to the Mic using microphone, to A/V the to the the with the You microphone from the connecting microphone. the to the to to
If to Communication On the following operations the off. microphone from the (only when A/V to On from externally connected from USB or LAN A/V On to when to ECO Connecting RGB from the Computer1 to You input from other or the the from the built-in and switches to such as or to the A/V LAN or other to the LAN with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27 supported. Connecting LAN connecting to the and the of the
To malfunctions, or higher shielded LAN Connecting
the optional Wireless LAN the Wireless LAN Unit Connecting connecting to the wireless LAN, from the "Wireless LAN the wireless LAN cover as theft If normally the Wireless LAN the Wireless LAN to the USB-A the wireless LAN cover, and it with the screw. cross-head screwdriver to the screw that the wireless LAN cover. the the Wireless LAN and cover reasons. the Wireless LAN to the USB-A
the USB to the the from the with the Wireless USB to the Wireless LAN first, and then the the optional Wireless USB Wireless USB to the USB-A the Wireless USB Connecting that the SSID and IP information the LAN and then the Wireless LAN Turn the and then the [LAN] the The LAN displayed. the Wireless USB to the USB-A the Wireless USB the "Network information displayed, the USB the LAN the
This chapter to and
of the following the projected. the A/V the or to with the the Turning On the Projecting "Automatically and the Projected Press the [Source Search] the or the to the input (Source Search)" the from the when DVD or other and necessary). that the A/V completely Turn the connected or the to with the cord. "Connecting Press the the the "Switching to the Remote to the however The turned the that sounds and the flashes flashing and Press the the or the to the
Turning the the light from the with and If the light from the the which the light Also, the to the reflected light which the to malfunction. To the A/V function or mercury with high internal as the light If the subjected to shocks, or of the or If should when the to cleaning the or the yourself, If the the immediately, and becomes which or fire. the and of which injury. to the instructions as of when the when there children or the or to the Doing of or the or mouth. to the while to allow such of to the or mouth.) off the below. Warning Press the the or the Turn off this when to the of the and The operating the Brightness The shutdown displayed. Press the (To other the sounds the and the off. or the the cord. this or immediately. Direct On to On from the the when the connected. the that the such as restored. Direct On On to Computer1 the when input the Computer1 input the automatically. when to Communication On the ECO On
Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) Press the [Source Search] to from the currently the the EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H the A/V EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27/EB-S29/EB-S27 or connected, the [Source Search] the projected. connected, playback this operation.
Switching to the You directly to the the following buttons the The following while input. EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/ EB-98H/EB-97H Remote Each the pressed, through the input from the following Computer1 Computer2 Each the pressed, through the input HDMI2/MHL (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/ EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only) HDMI or HDMI1 from the following the pressed, through the input C from the connected to the USB-A from the following USB Switches to the from the
Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of Memory You USB to the to to from the with USB Projecting of than and higher than or MB or Service Service You and with USB OS OS OS OS OS OS OS OS PC Edition Edition Professional XP of than and higher than or Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU MB or MB or Amount of Memory Professional
the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. projected. The first the and the the USB the to installed. The and OS X. Connecting the first the USB there to If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing reason, EPSON USB USB the USB when projection. You to the the If USB the correctly. from the input You option while USB the USB directly to the to USB authority, and to the and then to to the software. this or the the following the USB to the USB-B USB or XP, to displayed. Select the USB to the USB-B USB The of USB the USB Double-click the OS Double-click EPSON PJ_UD and then EMP_UDSE.EXE XP Follow the on-screen instructions to the displayed, the displayed,
the authority and the the the USB the and the displayed, Projecting the as and the USB or off the to the It while the or and then from the USB the USB Computer If the USB If from the USB the USB If there the the EPSON PJ_UD USB USB when If nothing reason, the USB USB from the Applications the the USB
Follow the on-screen instructions to Uninstalling the Applications USB and then USB OS Click and then Select USB and Change/Remove Double-click Click or Select USB and Click and then Double-click or XP Charms, and then Search Right-click and USB Select USB and Uninstall Click Uninstall Click and then Select USB and then Uninstall Select Uninstall from the
Manually the four corners independently. Correcting manually Corner) You of the following Correcting Distortion Projected Manually corrects the Correcting manually Automatically corrects Correcting the reduced, or the light appear around the Manually the and Correcting manually
You manually Correcting manually Projected Correcting Correction right and and the to the right or to correction. You to the the following the when or corrects This function You to the the following the about seconds displays and then corrects the /EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H /EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-W29 /EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27 EB-955WH/EB-950WH EB-S29/EB-S27 Projection when to from Projection the If to V- to Correction and to On You the using
Manually the and independently. Press the or the to the This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. You from the Corner Press the following buttons to Press the or to the the Press the while the Select from Press the buttons or the to
Projected and buttons the the or the and buttons (or the buttons) the the of the corner. the shown the displayed. button. Select Corner and then the the further the If the further." while indicated the and the or the and buttons (or the buttons) the the to correct, and then the the
If the about seconds while the selection from displayed, the following displayed. Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner the the to the correction selection shown the the or the to correction the or the to and Corner to the and as to corners. EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/ EB-97H/EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27 the buttons the Turn the to the of the the of the the of the EB-S29/EB-S27
and the to the the EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H /EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H /EB-97H/EB-W29/EB-X30 /EB-X29/EB-X27 EB-S29/EB-S27 You the the Correcting the the foot. the foot. the of the the to Press the foot to the front foot. You the Position EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H /EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H /EB-97H/EB-W29/EB-X30 /EB-X29/EB-X27 EB-S29/EB-S27 The the of the becomes to the that only to
Selecting the Quality (Selecting You the of the following the You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when projecting. The of the the selected. This the brightest bright or TV The and brought to life. bright Application Press the the or the Decreases the Increases the to the EB-S29/EB-S27) the the Theatre such as this tint, when projecting Blackboard that to the the from the Each the the displayed the and the of hearing. the off, that and then increase the high
You from the Projected the to the brightness of the displayed and Press the Iris High to the of the as as the The each Normal High Select or the the the Iris only when the to and the Light Iris to Normal or High Light (this when Light or Theatre Press the to Select Iris from
the Aspect Ratio of the You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input aspect the currently projected. Each the [Aspect] the the aspect displayed the and the aspect ratio Normal or Native C Remote Each the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the and and the aspect to (the right and of the off). from EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/ EB-97H/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27/EB-S29/EB-S27) input aspect You the aspect ratio from the Aspect the aspect Each the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the Normal or and Native Projecting from or from the HDMI EB-955WH/ EB-950WH/EB-W29) input aspect
The following shows each aspect from WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-W29 Normal from the HDMI EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/ EB-97H/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27/EB-S29/EB-S27) Each the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the and input aspect Native C
EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB- X27/EB-S29/EB-S27 Projected WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect Normal If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the
Functions This chapter and the Security
The of input that below. Projection Functions LAN USB USB MI2 HD Right MI1 HD HD MI or S- You from the right and of the HDMI1 HDMI or USB LAN The HDMI2 only EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/ EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H. HDMI2 USB
The displayed. Press the Functions procedures The currently selected input the of the Press the while Remote Select Source and then the You the operations from the Screen
the following to switch the displayed the and right Switching the and right each input and Right Projection Functions Press the The the and right Select and then the Press the Switching the and right The Source when the following buttons input that selected. Select the to and then the the and then the Select and then the [Source Search] [Computer] [LAN] [USB] To switch the the from
Screen Screen Select from the The appear as shown below the Projection Functions Operations the the (This Normal Switching the aspect the aspect operated when to the Iris The following operations Restrictions Right only when input or when or warning displayed. The the to the the right the the the to the the right Brightness and Reduction The and to the the right Restriction relating to You both the and right the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the there input, the the that Background. selected, the Black A/V the The following to the Press the the To the button. the
Supports AVI You The only PCM with than and ADPCM. GB. (Motion JPEG) Notes connecting USB such as USB or USB to the the the without using This function PC Projecting Without (PC Projection Functions and using The that the AC with the Format the FAT16/32. You to USB that incorporate You while PC the and buttons the security Projecting USB PC to the characteristics of JPEG with than clearly the ratio The following CMYK too high. Specifications that using PC Notes with animated than with greater than (Slideshow)" "Projecting the selected with than
You memory USB and then If the following (Select displayed, the the to the USB with the The to Although the following based the the operations from the PC operating Functions buttons to the to or and then the "Switching to the Remote the USB to the the to USB. Starting PC The following as thumbnails AVI (displays the the of the displayed as JPEG Other or as as shown the following PC and the displayed. "Connecting USB Devices" Select To the Select the the top of the and then the BMP PNG JPEG GIF displayed as thumbnail, displayed as AVI (Motion JPEG)
You the played The rotating function Slideshow. Rotating or buttons to the or to Press the Functions button. or While the or Slideshow. If of the and the the the or the Next the of the and the To PC the USB from the USB the such as or off the and then from the PC To to the the the or the Previous the top of the and the Press the displayed. To to the previous the selected, the the selected to Top and the The selected displayed.
the selected Projection Functions Attention To of the following operations. to to the or previous Press the the USB while accessed. PC correctly. The displayed. PC PC finished, to the Projecting Press the to the button. and then the Press the and buttons to the to Press the Press the The or the played back.
Screen Switching If the Option to when Slideshow. Press the or the to to the the You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. (Slideshow) Functions You the following when with PC the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V the Switching from Option Slideshow to other than To when Slideshow, The seconds. and Slideshow of the Function the the Slideshow that to and then or buttons to the the Press the The displayed. "Starting PC PC Slideshow Select the right of the and then the Slideshow and the the from the when reaches automatically. If to On the Option the projected, the the You to the to the previous or playback while Slideshow. and Slideshow
You the to Slideshow. You to Seconds. Screen Switch You the and Slideshow operations the Option and Slideshow Projection Functions finished the or to the OK and then the If to apply the the and then the You the when The applied. Option Select the of the and then the the following Option displayed, each of the items. Select of the options as necessary and the the You temporarily the and The following shows the each to from the each the or off. You to the or You to the Ascending or Sort You whether to the Slideshow.
You from the or from incurred when with the or the responsibility of the customer. Projection Functions the QR from the the the QR Press the the following off. the displayed the off the the the Projection Broadcasting QR Network Network Select from (V1.3.0 or easily smartphone or reading QR displayed the with the following using QR Wireless LAN On to from the the wired LAN function The optional LAN the wireless LAN function LAN to the
Functions Text QR IP IP from smartphone or from iProjection. Select LAN Info. from smartphone or The and the displayed. Read QR the the The search displayed. Select Text QR
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Press the [LAN] the or the QR from the Network to the QR Projection Functions You this when to the what or to such as when from the the the QR or the when the LAN), or the QR from the Network to To the QR the the the the [LAN] Press the or the the QR IP IP the [A/V or open/close the A/V A/V or off. Remote the QR from front of the that fits the If too from the the read. the established, the from the connected displayed. the and then the to the QR with smartphone or
Each the or off. Remote the A/V the A/V function released. the and sound to played back while A/V It to from the where A/V activated. Projection Functions the to played If the while the or the displayed, the or the that back while the It to from the where the while used. displayed closed. Microphone when [A/V turned (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/ EB-97H only) You the when the [A/V A/V from the A/V with the [A/V A/V approximately If to A/V activates and the turned off A/V to ECO A/V the A/V activates and the turned off. If to ECO to This allows to the and to the about. Function activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated The A/V the hours to the
This when to to them such as and of the Each the the appears or the Projection Functions Remote Press the to the the or buttons the the of You the of the from the
the to the (Wireless to the of the that to the Projection Functions You the from the This function Wireless The following operating with Wireless OS OS OS OS OS OS OS OS XP OS Remote It to the function of the operating the following to the Wireless function. or buttons the the of Expands the each pressed. You that holding the Remote the to the with the USB the to of the following. "Connecting Computer" USB HDMI The ratio appears the The selected to to "Switching to the or the buttons to the
buttons or of the the Once the as follows. the Projection Functions If the to the the operation of the reversed. operating other than the Wireless function when the or function, the The Wireless function the following the or displayed from connected to the HDMI2/MHL MHL (such as the or function click. Press Right click. to buttons: the clicks to the brightness, tint, and and the each Correcting the when from While holding the or the and the and brightness and becomes the brightness and match completely become noticeable. If the correction. to the previous to the to the location. Release the and to the following to Summary of correction
the selected with the the from of the ID. ID selected with ID: Combinations tion You correction when from ID each of the that which corrected. Correct the the ID. Functions match, the ID and from the the ID selected with the the ID: Not You ID the within of to The ID each which operated from the ID and using the Press the while ID selected with the ID On the the ID from to the to The following the of IDs the ID and the ID selected with the the ID and match, the from the the ID selected with the ID selected with ID: Combinations tion the of the ID the ID to the selected with the ID selected with ID:
Selecting the ID the to the Select the ID each the the turned the ID the Select ID from Projection Functions the the of the and the [ID] the the It about three the [ID] the ID seconds. Remote Choose the ID to and the While holding the [ID] the that matches the ID of the to to and ID each Press the to
You the that currently as the the and tone each to reduce the Projection Functions Correcting Once the to the factory the batch function, the If the of the from another Batch the other information and as the using the with the ID to the used. the Press the Correcting the to as the and then the the the the Select the item to from and then each Select from corrections finished, the to to that to corrected. the ID the to the
the to the of the to as the You the operations from the Projection Functions Remote and the "Select this displayed, the You Protection from Protection to On displayed and the You Protection)" Protection to If selected when Aspect, or the function currently temporarily Select the factor from the the or the the the to match the of the the the "Choose this as the displayed,
The the the "Completed." displayed. the this as the displayed, Projection Functions the previous Select You the that currently as the to as the and then the the the the the or the function currently If selected when Aspect, temporarily Select from
to the currently as the displayed, Projection Functions the the this as the displayed. Then, The the the "The displayed. Once to the factory
to the the of the Protection to On the following the prohibited. Protection The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Background Screen A/V or from Network Protection On to the "Network Network prohibited. Network Protection You people the the without "Restricting The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the about seconds. the following to Protect. Protection the to the Furthermore, the that when the This acts as anti-theft function as the At the of purchase, Protection activated, people who know the Protection activated. Protection) The Protection displayed. Remote On Protection On to the and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protection The following three of Protection to the used. of Protection
The to this to If the displayed While holding the four the buttons. The displayed as the the displayed, and the fourth the displayed. displayed then the If the correctly, the Protection If Protection already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions Remote Select the type of Protect to and then the the the the as further theft Protect If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the the displayed, the the While holding the the the buttons. the Press the the displayed Select On and then the Select and then the the
of the following to the operation buttons the Restricting Security Functions of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the buttons the the locked. the Protect temporarily released. This or shows when to or when to operation. The operated the the the Press the while the "The locked." displayed approximately and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the that appears the and the If the of the the If to the operation and the operation locked. as "The thirty the following and the
You release the of the following Select from Select from Security Functions the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the released. Select or to The buttons to the chose. Select when the displayed.
The with the following of anti-theft Security Functions Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security the following the The security with the Security Security the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the
allows to and operations remotely. the characters the EasyMP operations such as the of that connected to and the from the and About Microsoft or as the OS X. If to On the to and the (when the off). ECO The following of the and that using You from the following and the of to browser, items that usually the The reflected the There items that the browser. Items the that the Broadcasting The items each the as the and Broadcasting to (JPEG to The manually, or using Download the Broadcasting software from the following Broadcasting software or connected the of SNMP Community to characters) to characters) Items that only with of connected to the and the This function
The Remote function allows to operations with the Remote the following to the the and the Click the and connected to the with wireless LAN, Advanced If to the displayed. To to that the The Remote displayed. the IP of the the input of the and the the from the the displayed. The displayed. the ID and the ID You You the the Network from the Network the ID. EPSONWEB as the user ID. The the or off. "Turning On the Projector" Function
Function the Decreases the Increases the the the input from the Computer1 and the Computer2 [Computer] Function and the Function to the QR the QR the pressed, the through the and HDMI C the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V the or Notification, to the when or warning with This the to of with locations from the to of three and to three once. Network such as when the to the the function (Wireless the following using PC these displays the previous/next with USB using USB buttons to notifying If and of the Communication On If to the (when the ECO off). to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" Switches to the from the connected "Switching to the Remote [LAN] "Switching to the Remote from the connected to the USB-A Each the pressed, through the following USB [USB] [Source Search] the function to On and or the the following Reading
SNMP On to the to the specified when or This the to of with locations from the SNMP and Subject: EPSON SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function SNMP wireless The SNMP this with the SNMP to IP who with the LAN Network Others SNMP The of the The below. The IP the where the occurred. The where the occurred and of the ESC/VP21 Commands cover related the ON transmitted to the the and the turned You the from ESC/VP21. Command input to the the or that the the turned High-speed cooling Iris If the terminates abnormally, and input, the the and and then the command. the following to with or "Reading the Indicators"
Command Item PWR ON On ON/OFF and <At the <At the Connector input RS-232C SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE RGB SOURCE PWR OFF <At the (PC <At the SOURCE A0 HDMI2 SOURCE HDMI or HDMI1 SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN Function ground GND TD (CR) to the of each and MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL length: RD or the the
Command Source INPT and Flow Parity: INPT INPT HDMI or HDMI1 INPT INPT USB INPT LAN EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/ HDMI2/MHL only) Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About EB-S29/EB-S27) displayed information EPSON "Product information EPSON 955WH EPSON 950WH EPSON 965H EPSON 945H EPSON 940H EPSON W29 EPSON 98H EPSON 97H EPSON X30 EPSON X29 EPSON X27 EPSON S29 EPSON S27 INPT USB The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. the Network information It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the URL: "Network and Command Function AVMT AVMT Non-compatible commands Command Source INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2
You characters and The following while About EB-S29/ EB-S27) and If to Communication On the (when the ECO off). Broadcasting The the and therefore built with It to and integrated connected the with wireless LAN, Advanced the and connected to the "Wireless LAN the following carrying operations. from the You from using Remote using Edition to the to with the and to You or and with software the following The following of the IP of the the field of the browser, and the the to On from the Network Network Others the This to operations The operation displayed.
the or Function and the operation You the light and the reduce that with the buttons to the the Click the to Click the to the without of the of or Click the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the sharpness. Sharpness the operations as the and The buttons the You the and following operations when the other buttons. You the following operations when the buttons. Function the the as the "Remote OK the the Tracking, If clicked while RGB from Computer1 or Computer2 and and the Function Switch to the from the selected input To input that shown Source or to or You the necessary. the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. A/V the or off. the You the following operations when the buttons. To C buttons that shown Source or to or right.
"Automatically and the to the input that Projected (Source Search)" Search Function and the operation as the the "Remote You the following operations when the The following items the Used to to, and from, the IT information the that currently connected. Info the that currently connected. the section. Function that currently connected the (The location the to characters and (The to currently connected from other the to the that characters.) Function Item The following displayed when the the You this to the that currently connected. the to characters the (The and To
the when the to the operation (The to characters.) New Function Item Select the to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP Function Item and If the the New the as displayed. Confirm Click this to the to the the IP to assign to the currently connected IP the the currently connected Gateway Click this to the to the the currently connected the when the to the (The to characters.) New Select the to to the The following items C Function Item If the the the as New displayed. Confirm the to to the The following items the Click this to the to the
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID the and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the and then the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network the occurred the 04FF Communication from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If using DHCP, LAN IP off the DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network the Other information. disconnected the connected to unauthorized that the wireless LAN security correct. Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The TKIP/AES type match.
This chapter to the and its
Select Although using the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
Normal, and Native Aspect Items or Top items the and the and projected. Table of Functions and Corner and and and (EB-S29/EB-S27 only) Theatre, and Blackboard Items or Top to Brightness to to Front/Rear, Rear, and Remote Mic EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only), the QR and EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/ Info, (EB-955WH/ to to EB-98H/EB-97H only) EB-950WH/EB-965H/ EB-945H/EB-940H/ Mic (EB-955WH/ Normal, and High Iris 5000K to 10000K, to to to Red: to to to Sharpness and and Right and and Normal NR1, and NR2 Reduction On and to Tracking Rear, and Rear/Ceiling and A/V Background, NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and
Items or Top Hours Direct On, High Source Search, and On Items or Top of Functions The of the where the used. Top EB-S29/EB- S27) Network EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only) EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/ EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/ A/V (EB-955WH/ EB-98H/EB-97H only), and HDMI(1) (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/ HDMI2 A/V Text QR and Text LAN Info. and Advanced On and LAN or Normal and ECO or to ID On and Light On and to ECO DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP On and SSID On and SSID On and IP SSID Search Access Refresh Info, and ID Source, Info Communication On and Communication On and On and A/V On and ECO Info DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP WPA2-PSK, and WPA/WPA2-PSK Security Passphrase EB-S29/ Wired LAN EB-S27) Security
"Automatically and the (Source Search)" Top On and IP of Functions On and On and SNMP SMTP Trap IP and Trap IP and Others You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Quality (Selecting Function Wired LAN and Wireless LAN On and AMX Discovery On and EB-S29/EB- Priority Gateway S27) EB-S29/EB- S27) when input. If or input, when NTSC input.) You the tint. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness items the and currently projected. each On and SDDP On and On and Broadcasting You the sharpness. Sharpness
"Automatically and the (Source Search)" The tinted when high selected and tinted from of the from to when selected. that One of the from 5000K to the 10000K Function of Functions (This item selected to Red, You the and individually. On to to Tracking, and to the when the input Function High light Select to (This item to or Normal High to or to the to the corrections to match the of the The each Iris" Theatre Iris You the to their the following to items to their to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to or to Normal or the connected You when appear the Tracking You when or interference appear the items the and currently projected. each You the and right when of the that the whole projected. You the when the USB USB, or LAN.
You the to or the HDMI, selected, to or to the input the ratio (the of the Function This when or RGB input, this the input RGB input.) Function of Functions You the to their the following to items to their This graphics, and to (IP with amount of (This when RGB input or when while to Smoothes rough There Select It that this to when which such as Reduction the HDMI connected to DVD player, the to the DVD player's HDMI You the input from the If to when to the appears the or such as automatically. If interference to the connected If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected You input from the connected the Aspect Ratio of the You the aspect ratio Aspect
You this to operation of the "Restricting Function of Functions You the of the Function microphone from the to hear, or the input too high, crackling Mic the turned to this the microphone input and the sound from the microphone. from the You the each EB-98H/EB-97H Mic (EB-955WH/ EB-950WH/ EB-965H/ EB-945H/ EB-940H/ only) and to Select and the four corners of the You and V- You and selected: Corner selected: Corner" to On or Function If to operations from the the the to operations from the You the reception of the operation from the least seconds to the to its Remote Switches to Screen the of the (EB-S29/EB-S27 only)
You the to their (EB-S29/EB-S27 only) and the following to items to their Function You and assign item from the You of the following items allowing to one-touch to Mic (EB-955WH/ with the Pressing the EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H directly displays the assigned item selection/ Info only), the QR and to the Function of Functions to such as You from to or or While the displayed, To the the the and correction that the without the or the If displayed
the that the High to On when the Source Search to On to from to to from the as On when to On If this to Computer1 the the currently when the such as Computer1 when the Direct On to On to the when from the the the used. of restored. Function Item when the Source, or Aspect Ratio Background You the screen background to Black or when to the following items when input, and A/V You the displayed when the [A/V to Black You related to the to On to the such as High Warning. when or displayed. Function of Functions background Background, A/V and You the that as the [A/V the about You the as follows from of the following Rear Rear/Ceiling and the Rear Rear/Ceiling seconds.
Operation and A/V from the the following to items to their You the to their Function A/V (This item the to On and to from the to Communication On the following A/V Function of Functions Protection to On Protection related to You Protection)" Protection to High and Source Search. A/V The Also, the as when the from rotates, this malfunction. Network Protection to On Protection displayed and the Network Protection to and then the Network and USB-A to or (L/R) from the selected of the input when from the Computer1, Computer2, "Connecting the input when from the HDMI On EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only): to (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/ HDMI(1) HDMI2 the (L/R) to or microphone with from the selected input Protection" to the operation, ID from to the the ID" that ID ID You the and
of connected to the functions and the This to such as Security function You easily text to Wireless LAN On when the to If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. The the wireless LAN. Wireless LAN On Wireless Function of Functions Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the Notes operating the Network the following information. Wireless LAN MAC IP DHCP SSID Info. LAN to the Complete and or or to the the following information. MAC IP DHCP EB- S29/EB-S27) Info. Wired LAN the and the Network the and the Network the Network LAN Security Wired LAN Others The following Network and Complete items. the QR Network the QR this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of alphanumerics Soft operations information the Wireless LAN used. or the the
the software the SSID and the to the Network buttons the or the Press the buttons (or the the the buttons holding the the to input. Press the to and the buttons. the to the to the and then the input. of Functions pressed, pressed, and the the section the and and SYM1/2 Each the selected and the CAPS Each the selected and the The following text the to the when editing, to characters. The following characters used: connected to Function ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ software. You to to when the characters. EB-S29/ EB-S27)
LAN to when and the characters used). the connected You to function that allows to and the Function of Functions On to to the when to the to from Network from other computers. On Normally this should to If created the to when the becomes easy to the the and It with Network Projection. If SSID to On the If Advanced the established and wireless LAN. created Function QR displayed, to the the the information. reading the QR iProjection. The "Projecting QR Text QR LAN Info. PC Projection the the wireless LAN from (This to The or
DHCP to On to using DHCP If this You from to each of the the following IP used. You input the the You from to each field of the Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each field of the the following Gateway IP You input the IP assigned to the to (where (This item to the following used. to On You from to Advanced IP Function this to On search the to from this to and the SSID the (This to from SSID that automatically. Function of Functions SSID SSID SSID the wireless LAN You to characters or to ANY, ANY (selects only from the If the SSID (This item only when SSID to which the the SSID. from without specifying SSID) established. SSID to (where from to used. The searches This allows to wireless LAN selecting the Wireless (This item only to LAN On Advanced and to location of the wireless LAN. Search Access To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP
when the Wireless LAN Security displayed The to Search of Functions of the about to access. Security, follow the instructions from the Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function Function Searches the Refresh Security displayed. Select type of security to If where security the If where security the Indicates the where security the security the Wireless LAN displayed. Indicates already
Wired LAN EB-S29/EB-S27) the You least and to the interests of security, recommended that the periodically. If the network initialized, to input the the the using with Network Projection, characters and to the used). Passphrase Function of Functions than characters, You to characters the to the DHCP to On to the DHCP. If this to On You related to the following IP Function the LAN and using Advanced, it strongly recommended that security. the of security You input from to each of the the following IP used. to (where IP You input the IP assigned to the from to You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. Gateway You input the IP the the You input from to each field of the the following to (where from to used. using authentication or authenticating and without using This WPA includes authentication WPA authentication the without WPA that the security wireless The TKIP and AES follow the from the of
You input the the SMTP The You input to Function To the IP from Network Info the Network and the LAN this to Function of Functions IP You to characters the The following characters used: You the or to about that or occurred. You to. You to three You input the of the to the to the specified the selected or warning the items from the displayed items. this or warning the the Function to On to to to the when or warning with Function You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP
this to On when or the "About EB-S29/EB-S27)" the this to Function of Functions Others this to On the following functions Broadcasting this to On to allow information to using SDDP Discovery (SDDP) EB-S29/ EB-S27) On this to when connecting to the Apple's information the service. You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to or Broad casting To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the SNMP. The SNMP Function You from to used. to (where each field of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to You the to Wired LAN or Wireless LAN EB-S29/ EB-S27) Priority Gateway Trap IP 1/Trap IP On the connected to this to to allow the to detected AMX Discovery this to to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX covery
ECO the to to each ECO of the of Functions To of the Network Function ECO the too bright, such as when or You the to of Select using high or locations to high ECO selected, to and reduced. to On the to the (This item when to projected. This to reduce the amount of electricity lowering the The each to the projected. Normal and Iris to Light Function tion
the of the and the of the Items that the currently projected. the used, input supported. Info Only) input and operations the the to On this when specified of Also, input off. input, the to operating Function of Functions "Automatically and the (Source Search)" the A/V closed. Also, the A/V the off. the A/V the closed approximately the On to this off the to operating Cover On to the the off within of to A/V Also, A/V the the off. A/V the to operating to On this off the A/V If Communication On the following and to from the when and the operations the when A/V to On A/V to On On to when the from to or to displayed the of the to the power-saving ECO the following to You the ECO to their items to their
the operating reaches the the characters Info Function of Functions the the to the the the Source the the connected currently projected. the You items the to their The following items to their Hours (EB- S29/EB-S27 only), and items the Network Function ID the occurred the following the information the connected through the the the IDs, when the and the "About ID" ID. the information about that This information service required. the This information Info the information. service required. the Refresh Rate the refresh Clears the hours when the The as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and the software information.
This section to batch USB USB Performing Batch Once the function). The batch function only with the to batch (batch The batch function USB that incorporate security USB that The batch function USB or FAT USB incorporate security USB This the USB and the USB the and with USB USB memory. The following reflected the batch function. the Network the and the and from the Info Others of the following the from the and that of the turned off. the USB to the USB-A to the USB correction, reflected the batch function. If batch the the the such as batch the using the batch function, the the other information and as the Performing batch the customers responsibility. If to and the incurred.
the turn as follows, release the the USB directly to the If the USB connected to the through If batch from another to The the batch If PJCONFDATA. If the other the to the correctly. USB If the USB You characters the The batch function overwrite batch the USB the or the other than the batch the USB the correctly. to the text correctly. Performing Batch of the flashing, the batch written. the from the while the written. If the disconnected, the the USB from the while the written. If the USB disconnected, the correctly. correctly. On/Temp: On While holding the the to the
writing normally, the Performing Batch the USB to of batch the reflected to the with the If there with there four or of batch the the batch the USB If the USB the the reflected other than the batch the USB the reflected reflected correctly. correctly. correctly. the the USB Reflecting to other On the from the and that of the turned off. the USB containing the batch to the USB-A
the USB from the while the If the USB disconnected, written. If the disconnected, the the from the while the the correctly. correctly. While holding the the to the Performing Batch Projectors writing normally, the the as follows, release the Connecting the and with USB the the USB On On/Temp: On The about seconds. The following operating the batch function. OS or or of the flashing, the written.
the turn as follows, release the button. the from the and that of the turned off. Performing Batch to the USB to the USB-B with USB The as the If to the of the batch text PJCONFDATA. If the PJCONFDATA section of the the to the correctly. On/Temp: On the and the batch to the While holding the the to the USB and then the USB using OS X, EPSON_PJ" The
the turn as follows, release the the from the and that of the turned off. Performing Batch Reflecting to other the USB to the USB-B with USB The as the On/Temp: On While holding the the to the
The the of the Copy the batch that to to the top of the Batch or USB connected correctly. the USB or the USB and then the The batch or the USB cord, and then of the or other than the batch to the USB and then the USB OS X, EPSON_PJ or the the Writing the and Stop using the the from the and occurred the firmware. flashing flashing the from the while the written. If the disconnected, the correctly. of the flashing, the flashing flashing fast flashing fast flashing writing normally, the
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
If with the the displayed to the You the the the the the the The displayed. Press the Confirm the selection. Select the the and displayed as shown the below. Press the to the
the the following the function to the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. the following the clearly what the might The with the following four that the operating of the the Reading the Indicates the to the the this Explanation Indicates the internal Indicates the C Indicates the supply Communication On If the disconnected and connected this the The and (when to flashes Network This the immediately turning the Warm-up seconds the this off the the Warm-up Flashing
Explanation supply This the immediately turning off the this Cool Flashing when the the this If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they The Normal the the from the and or the the Stop the the from the and or the the or Flashing The off and about about that the and clear, and that the the switches to the following High (Overheating) from the and or the the If the the the the "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or Flashing Flash- of or High to On
or If the Stop using the the from the and or the the If the cracked the and the cord. the and it cracked. the following the "Cleaning the Clean the Flash- If the cracked or the the the replaced.) The the and the cover correctly. that the and the cover securely the of or High to On Stop the the from the and or the the Iris Flashing Flashing Flash- that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warn- "Cleaning the the If the or Flashing State State Flash-
or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as the following the operating properly, though the showing the the with State Flashing State Flash- If the shown this the the from the and or the the
sound heard or the sound Other If of the following and the offer to the each the There the EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only) sound heard from the microphone (EB-955WH/ The to the and the Projection the completely or the completely appear from appear Moving displayed and nothing projected. to Projection The "Not supported" The of or Interference or appear The when projecting USB of the displayed, the height and of the correct, or the appear The or the aspect ratio or the from top to or to right. appear The whole appears or white, or appear right The when
to The correctly or supplied. the correctly. "Turning On the the switched off? that or functioning correctly. Press the to the the appear displayed the A/V closed the A/V completely. the A/V closed? Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? input such as completely the to completely when of the the correct? using USB or the when USB or displayed that the USB connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the USB connected correctly? when USB Applications the DirectX function correctly. when using USB or the DirectX function displayed? the to the the connected when from the correct?
displayed the from the to only. or the The to copyright protected that played back the with the and the of the trying to copyright protected? the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Projection to On If operations specified of while Cover to On If approximately the A/V closed. A/V to On If the A/V To the from switching off automatically, each to If of these to On the off the following "ECO input. or A/V to On If the power-saving and operations specified of the the to the the power-saving the to the the connected when from the correct? The "Not supported" to the to the and the refresh from "Supported Displays" the the and the refresh to the when
The the to as as the when If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the to Turn the the and the If the only to the LCD or to the to the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory off and then back "Turning On the the the [Source Search] the or the and the (Source Search)" the selected? that the securely connected. "Turning On the the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or the to the with built-in LCD If the power-saving and operations specified of the the to the the power-saving Computer's If using the with this off, manually the "Correcting manually" to On to Turn the to the "Correcting the the correctly? of or of the recommended "Screen and within the recommended the the
the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the Interference or appear If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? Click EPSON USB USB and then clear the layered selected? when USB the to If the correctly Press the the or the Tracking from the the and Tracking correctly? when Computer's
The when USB Click EPSON USB USB and then the the of the smooth. (This when this selected. the of the smooth. selected? the to the the connected projected? when The truncated or the aspect or the of the If the correctly from other while from the Press the the or the the to from the the correctly? Press the the to of the the If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the when the the the from of the following: Projection Rear Rear/Ceiling the correct? the that the with the Displays" when the selected? Computer's
right that and that there the that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the following to the the connected the from connected to the the input match the from the connected the from connected to the or the Brightness from the Brightness the correctly? the and from the the and correctly? when from the from the the correctly? the from the the correctly? the Brightness and from the Brightness the correctly? ECO appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the to the the from the the correctly?
The become when using high or location to high Although this to the the high or location to high The becomes the too within the recommended "Screen and of the recommended when The There the cord, or the the cord. If this the the the from the and or the the the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or supplied. and then the cord. "Turning On the the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to the the Press the the If to the to the to the Remote from the Remote operation restricted?
Other Disconnect the from the and then the that the securely attached to both the and the that sound heard. the the or the to the the sound heard or the sound Network or PC Projection: the software Click EPSON USB USB and then from the from the options from the If when HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI using the Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? Mic the Mic the Mic the when USB when Network or PC from the selected? Projection.) There the (when Network Projection, Projection, USB or Wireless If the the to the while the to the the Turn the and the the the to the while the to the
sound heard from the microphone (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only) the from the Microphone (Mic) input and then the "Connecting the microphone connected correctly? microphone, to On from the A/V correctly? the microphone input that sound heard. Mic the microphone input turned too the location where strong light the receiver. Remote sunlight or light from the receiver? The operating the about "Remote operating the too from the the the receiver. "Remote operating the light-emitting the the operation? The the correctly or the with necessary. the the or the correctly? the Remote from the Remote the the Remote selected? to the and the from the the
the To the function when the On from ECO the to Communication On If the or the the abnormality and the to to the the correctly. function correctly the that or functioning correctly. to the "EPSONWEB" as the ID. This the ID the the characters the as the The the user ID and correct?
This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to
the with or the to as easily become You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. "The overheating. nothing the and or the Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. shock. Cleaning the If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the gently with cloth. commercially cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the Warning that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the
If displayed, cleaning, to the with the Cleaning three months. Clean them often than this using the It recommended that these least once every
The or to This section to the and the to the brightness and of the The to appear the following Normal to About hours ECO to About hours ECO If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as to the Please or The following displayed. www.epson.com to purchase." It to the when: the repeatedly turn off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the become or the warning the of EPSON option The of malfunction caused the of covered and or warranty. The when the from to the The flashing and the flashing The seconds.
that the If the of which the should that the cracked, and should to the of the cover, the cover gently. when the cover as shards of and If or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or of or mouth, physician the there immediately. Warning cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the the fixing screws. with the or cross-head screwdriver. Then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver straight and to the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the off the and the the cord.
the the the that fits firmly, and once the screws. the If the cracked, with or further the section of the and the cover.
the If the though the cleaned, the The when the from to the off the and the the cord. the cover. the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. correctly, the the cover or of with The records the turned and and when to the the the Hours from the the hours the cover and straight the the indicated correctly. the the replaced.
of properly with Polyurethane ABS the cover. the from the and firmly clicks the
(aspect ratio ELPSC31 purchase these products as and when The following of optional to without and The following optional and Please and as of: October of the country of purchase. Optional and ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC19 this to from wireless Wireless LAN ELPAP07 Optional when the high when the ceiling. to ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount ELPSP02 when to establish one-to-one the and with when such as OHP or ELPDC06/ELPDC11/ELPDC12/ELPDC20 USB ELPAP09 ELPSC26 to the Soft carrying ELPKS67 to the from or the the with built-in amplifier. that easily. (Aspect Ratio roll-type (aspect ratio This ELPSC32 ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 as as ELPLP88 ELPAF32 roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25
to Screen Screen and Projection EB-X30) Unit: to Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
to Projection EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-X29/ EB-X27) and Unit: to Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to Screen
to Screen Projection EB-W29) and Projection Unit: to Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
EB-S29/EB-S27) Unit: to and Projection Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
Projection EB-965H/EB-945H) to Screen and Unit: to Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
Projection EB-955WH) to Screen and Unit: to Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
Unit: to to and Projection Unit: to Screen
to Projection EB-950WH) and Unit: to Screen Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
Projection EB-940H) Unit: to Screen and Projection Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
to Screen and Projection Unit: to
Refresh Rate EB-S29/EB-S27 Supported Supported XGA WXGA WXGA+ VGA SVGA EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H/ EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27 Refresh Rate XGA VGA SVGA RGB) SXGA+ SXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA when other than those input, that the projected. functions MAC21" SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV when selected as the from the EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-W29 only. MAC21"
Refresh Rate SDTV Refresh Rate SDTV Supported HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-W29 only. EB-S29/EB-S27. Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV SDTV from the MHL (EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/ EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only) Refresh Rate HDTV VGA SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) VGA from the HDMI HDTV HDTV XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SVGA SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+ SXGA
EB-955WH EB-965H/EB-945H EB-950WH EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H Product Specifications Specifications WXGA (W) (H) LCD (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) XGA (W) (H) Polysilicon TFT active WXGA (W) (H) XGA (W) (H) Manually Manually (Communication On): to UHE ELPLP88 AC10%, supply (Communication (Communication On): to to +30C to to +35C to to to +60C
EB-X30 EB-W29 EB-X29/EB-X27 EB-S29/EB-S27 Product (W) (H) (D) Specifications XGA (W) (H) LCD WXGA (W) (H) Manually TFT active XGA (W) (H) SVGA (W) (H) On): to UHE ELPLP88 AC10%, 2.9-1.3A supply (Communication On): to to +30C to to +35C to to +60C to
Computer1 Connectors Computer2 Specifications RCA (L-R) DIN Mic RCA HDMI PCM) HDMI1 USB A) USB-A USB B) USB-B HDMI HDMI2/MHL RS-232C RJ-45 LAN EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H/EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27 only. Supports USB USB to that USB. EB-955WH/EB-950WH/EB-965H/EB-945H/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H only. EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27/EB-S29/EB-S27 only. USB supported.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the If this interference to instructions, interference to there that interference off and the to try to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H682C/H683C/H684C/H685C/H686C/H687C/ H688C/H689C/H690C/H691C/H692C/H693C/ H694C/H696C LCD of Product: EPSON
EB-955WH/EB-965H/EB-945H Appearance from of to fixing of Units: 3-M4
EB-950WH/EB-940H/EB-98H/EB-97H Appearance from of to fixing of Units: 3-M4
EB-W29/EB-X30/EB-X29/EB-X27/EB-S29/EB-S27 Appearance from of to fixing of Units: 3-M4
This section the terms that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy of the implemented this and to the function (ON). the AMX AMX Discovery The ratio and its with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or that the and The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of SDDP to allow to information the implemented this and to the function (ON). the of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP This (router) to Discovery (SDDP) HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with or of HDCP HDCP information to every other from the top of the and to the to displayed every other High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or greater Screen aspect ratio of HDTV wireless LAN which through High-definition interfaces such as smartphones and high and high without the and charges connected MHL to connected to IP
information to the though the of the the amount of because the of information with to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the international that that that easily to Network which the and such as routers and to TCP/IP SNMP SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. with the SSID. SSID This that the of the from the IP that the (Y) and (C). with of SXGA with of SVGA The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference The output from If the match this the of The of the of these (the of the If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of VGA with of XGA
Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations rights of this publication reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or or mechanical, from the of the information Notes Furthermore, the to and and of XP", and this the operating to as to with the to XP, Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. OS OS OS OS OS OS OS from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or updated without further this and the this the operating to as OS OS OS OS "OS "OS and "OS Furthermore, the "OS X" to to them or functional/precision or related to please this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of
Indication of the and the with of 2011/65/EU (RoHS) 3-chome, SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Telephone: EPSON EXCEED YOUR VISION, ELPLP and their Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or WPA and WPA2 of or of Corporation. OS, and OS X, of Apple Inc. of Inc. service of Apple Inc. countries. Notice: Notes Address: BA SEIKO EUROPE B.V. Telephone: The MHL, the MHL and High-Definition the or and of or already other the property of their respective owners and "QR of DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED. of MHL and LLC the United States and/or other the United States of America and other countries and areas. only. Inc. of HDMI Licensing LLC. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights