Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates procedures which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
of Functions the used. the below of the each EB-95 EB-96W EB-900 EB-905 EB-910W EB-915W EB-925 Function HDMI USB WXGA Wired LAN Wireless LAN The Wireless Wireless USB The HDMI HDMI The USB USB The wireless LAN Wireless LAN Network Slideshow
Detecting and correcting Turn the and off or from cool easy to easy height with and and This corrects which when or the Increasing (WXGA) (EB-915W/ EB-910W/EB-96W only) Functions Projecting "Correcting writing whiteboard or the function You and This when whiteboard or aspect. You whiteboards and other the Aspect Ratio of the Projected With that WXGA LCD the the Connecting to and from the You the to the Network Projection and the Network Operation software). Connecting with USB and (USB connecting without USB from with USB
You this to people without restricts the "Restricting and to with Wireless Wireless USB to connecting the optional the only) The with the following of anti-theft security with anti-theft Security Security "Anti-Theft the of the of the You the as You the to operations such as or as the the Remote to the (Wireless of the Function You and using the optional using the function. You using and with the "Optional Accessories" who the Protect to and Protect)" security functions
Press the foot to and the front foot. the Foot Function of the features this of EB-925 otherwise mentioned. and Functions such as the foot to the the of the foot when the to the closing the and the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V sound. A/V this when the optional wireless LAN and the cover. the to cool the internally. "Cleaning the "Correcting the the cover switch the of the optional Wireless LAN Wireless LAN when the the cover the the the to the internally. the and that become or heat While or the Function "Reading the Indicators" Indicates the the to and the A/V A/V C from the Remote
the from to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. "ESC/VP21 Commands" RS-232C Function and Functions Rear The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security from the from the microphone. Mic back USB memory or and Without (Slideshow)" as Slideshow. USB(TypeA) LAN to to EB-905/EB-96W/EB-95 (EB-925/EB-915W/ only) LAN and computers. This from HDMI "Connecting with HDCP HDMI the to the "From to Projection" Function USB to the Wireless the Remote to the the to the (Wireless function. USB and the the to with USB the USB(TypeB) the optional from connected to the or the RGB input from the Computer1 to You input from other or from from connected to the Computer1 from C from and from other Computer2 Computer1 from the currently or the Mic to from connected to the Computer2
through and the Function Security and Functions the optional Mount when the the from Function "Optional Accessories" mount fixing (three such as to and the to the Rear such as the foot to the the of the foot C
"Correcting correction. Function and Functions displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the the Decreases the Increases the the and the which shows to with they the If when the displayed, the to the "Correcting correction. buttons the function. "From to Projection" the or off. Function displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the and the the the to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" displayed, and the selection and If while RGB from the the or the and Computer1 or Computer2 to the C [Source Search]
"From to Projection" the or off. Function Remote and Functions the the input from the Computer1 and the Computer2 [Computer] Each the pressed, the through the and HDMI C this to Network from the Protect" the buttons the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Turns the and or off. [A/V Tracking, and If while RGB from Computer1 or Computer2 the or Each the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the Projected [Aspect] such as when using the to the the function (Wireless the following buttons [Down] Slideshow, these buttons displays the previous/next with USB USB to
Function the Decreases the Increases the buttons or reduces the without the of the Function and Functions buttons and the which shows to with they the Each the pressed, the "Selecting the Quality (Selecting Function the on-screen displays the previous/next rotates the and Slideshow, these buttons "Slideshow operating the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and and the the items, and to this button. displayed, allowing to Select item from the the the assigned item one-touch this and the buttons to Protect" and numbers. displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the the of the that pushed. Wireless function, the the Remote to the (Wireless from the connected to the USB(TypeA) Each the pressed, through the following USB [USB] to the with Network USB this switches to Projection. using the optional that [LAN] assigned as the If when the displayed, the to the previous Acts as when using the Wireless the Remote to the function. the function. to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" [Source Search] Acts as right when the Wireless the Remote to the function.
If the of the or that the other the AA or batteries. AA or ready. You becoming this them with the Function and Functions Remote light- the following the batteries. Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the with
the of the and the to the the and Functions Press the cover clicks the cover. Remote operating
the This chapter to the and
of when the If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This serious to the mount the screws from and or and from mount). If correctly, the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the and the causing and injury. Warning the to the of the location. The the following four the (Rear from tion) from front of the the its This malfunctions to the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling front of and from the from the You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling or from the Projection optional mount when the "Optional Accessories" from the as follows.
the reduced. If the to the the that to the the the EB-915W If the the the EB-910W the following the to the "Correcting Distortion" the following the the the the right to the to the The the shortest Projection the from the to the the following information the and Projection and
EB-900 the EB-96W EB-95 EB-925/EB-905
The location, and the connected. this section of EB-925/EB-915W/EB-905/EB-96W/EB-95. Connecting To from the using of the following the to the Computer1 or Computer2 commercially USB the Connecting Computer1/2 the USB to the USB(TypeB) the HDMI to the HDMI using commercially HDMI C USB HDMI You USB to the to to from the This function USB with USB You from the connecting the to the or
To from DVD players or VHS and to the of the following Connecting Sources Connecting the HDMI the to the HDMI HDMI the the to the Computer1 or Computer2 the or output the to the or or HDMI C the optional "Optional Accessories" S-VIDEO Computer1/2 HDMI
If the or of the to force The or malfunction. If the input when to the malfunction. Connecting If the to to the with the or optional to to the You from the the the to the
You such as USB memory, the optional and USB and Connecting USB Connecting the USB with the USB the USB to the USB(TypeA) the the USB connected, the USB memory or Slideshow. "Slideshow If the connected while from another input the [USB] the or the [Source Search] the to switch to from the If USB the correctly. Devices such as and USB should connected to the directly. and using the AC with the or to the USB with or specified with the USB than length. If the Slideshow function correctly. and the Projected (Source Search)"
finishing USB from the such as or off the and then from the Connecting USB You and connecting or You microphone from the microphone. the to the the with the to Connecting On the microphone to the Mic using microphone, to the to the using to outputting microphone C Mic
If to Communication On the following operations the microphone from the when Microphone to On to Connecting RGB from the Computer1 to You input from other or the the from the built-in and switches to functions such as or to the Microphone LAN or other to the LAN with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN Connecting LAN (EB-925/EB-915W/EB-905/EB-96W/EB-95 only) To malfunctions, shielded LAN
the Wireless LAN Unit Connecting the cover switch, and the cover. the cover. the with the screw. the the Wireless LAN the cover. the Wireless LAN
This chapter to and
the Turn This section the the to with the and From to If the projected, the of the following used. the with the The the the (function and the to the from the "Automatically and the Press the [Source Search] the or the (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote Press the the the ON the the necessary. "Correcting Distortion" "Correcting the the to outlet with the the to the with the the A/V Turn the
The following while input. Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) Press the [Source Search] to from the currently from projected, the the the or connected, the [Source Search] the projected. connected, this operation.
You the USB to the to to from the Projecting with USB Switching to the You directly to the the following buttons the Projecting To USB USB to USB from the USB Remote The following operating The following operating Service or XP Service or Service XP OS the pressed, through the following Computer1 Computer2 the pressed, through the following HDMI Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or MB or Amount of Memory from the connected to the USB(TypeA) the pressed, through the following C USB to the with Network Projection. the optional Wireless USB this switches to that of than and higher than or
The first the and the using the USB the to The and OS. Connecting the first OS or OS OS OS You to the the from the input to USB of than and higher than or Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU MB or MB or Amount of Memory the USB to the USB(TypeB) USB EPSON PJ_UD Double-click and then EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. XP the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. the displayed, the displayed, disconnecting the USB there to Disconnect the USB when finished.
If the USB If from the USB the If there USB the the EPSON PJ_UD USB USB when USB If nothing reason, the USB from the Applications the the USB If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing reason, EPSON USB USB Projecting authority, and to the and then to to the software. this or the the following Click and then Double-click or Click Uninstalling the USB to the USB(TypeB) using USB The of USB the USB Double-click the OS USB Change/Remove Select and Select USB and Click and then Double-click or XP the authority and the installation. the the USB displayed the and the displayed, Follow the on-screen instructions to Uninstall Click Click and then projected, the as and the USB or turn off the to the It while projected. the or and then USB from the the USB
USB and Uninstall Projecting the Applications USB and then USB OS
the when or corrects This function Correcting You of the following methods. Correcting Distortion Projected The following to the using the about seconds displays and then corrects the Correction and Manually the and Correcting manually Automatically corrects Correcting when to from Projection the If to to Manually the four corners independently. Correcting manually Corner) The following to the using correction Manually the and Correcting manually Correction right and and the Press the Correcting the reduced.
Press the while the Projected the the Select from buttons the Press the Correcting Corner Select and then the You from the This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Correcting manually Corner)
Projected buttons the and or the the button, the shown displayed. the further the If the further." while indicated the buttons the and the the of the corner. buttons the and or the the and the the to correct, and then the and as to corners.
the to the correction selection from when the Corner to the the and and correction the buttons the and to to the Press the foot to and the front foot. You the of the the to If the about seconds while correcting with Corner, the following displayed. The the of the becomes to the that to the Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner and the to the Turn the to the of the the
Press the button the or the Decreases the Increases the to the the the the rear foot. the foot. of hearing. the off, that and then increase the high the from the You the the Correcting the You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting the bright This the brightest and tones Application You the of the following
You from the bright Application the to the of the displayed and Press the Iris such as bright The and brought that to the The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre the the the This selection when the input or This selection when the input RGB or when the USB USB, or LAN. when the tint, when this Blackboard using whiteboard. Whiteboard Iris Select from the the displayed the and the Remote
You the aspect ratio from the Aspect The each Projected Select On Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the Normal or and Native the aspect (EB-915W/EB-910W/EB-96W only) Projecting from or from the HDMI Iris only when the or Theatre the Aspect Ratio of the Press the to input aspect You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input Aspect the currently projected. Normal or the [Aspect] the Aspect displayed the and the aspect ratio Remote Native C
If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the The following shows each aspect Projecting from Each the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the and the aspect (EB-925/EB-905/EB-900/EB-95 only) from WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect Normal and the aspect to (the right and of the off). input aspect from the HDMI Native Each the Aspect the pressed, the aspect the and input aspect
If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the C the [Aspect] the pressed, the aspect the Normal and WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) The following each aspect Aspect from Normal
Functions This chapter and the Security
and The that the AC with the Format the FAT16/32. USB such as USB memory or USB to the the the without This function Slideshow. Without (Slideshow) Projection Functions Projecting USB Slideshow You to USB that incorporate You while Slideshow, security the and the to the characteristics of JPEG with than clearly the ratio The following CMYK too high. Specifications that Slideshow Notes Although the following based the the operations from the "Projecting (Slideshow)" the selected Slideshow operating with than with than "Switching to the Remote the to USB. Slideshow with than
You memory USB and then If the following displayed, the the to the USB with the the USB or to the Slideshow and the displayed. "Connecting USB Devices" Projection Functions buttons to the and to and then the JPEG displayed as thumbnails displayed as Other or as as shown the following BMP JPEG displayed as thumbnail, displayed as PNG GIF buttons to the and the the top of the and then the To the Select the Select or to
or While the Functions To Slideshow, the USB from the USB the and off the to the and then Slideshow If of the and displayed the Next the the of the the [Down] the or and the To to the previous the the Previous or the the top of the and the the USB while accessed. Slideshow correctly. the selected displayed. To to the the selected, the the selected to Top and the The selected displayed. Press the The displayed. "Starting Slideshow" Slideshow. You the played The rotating function Slideshow. or Slideshow.
You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. (Slideshow) buttons to the and Press the to Projection Functions Switching from Option Slideshow to other than To when Slideshow, The seconds. and Slideshow operation to the the the the Slideshow that to and the button. The displayed. Slideshow" Slideshow. Press the The displayed. Slideshow Select the right of the and then the Slideshow and the the from the when reaches Continuous On automatically. If to the Option the projected, the the buttons to to the or previous Press the You to the to the previous or playback while Slideshow. and Slideshow operation Press the to to the
Switching If the Option to when Slideshow. Press the Functions You the following when with Slideshow. the or the [Down] the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V to to the the You to the or You the to Slideshow. You to Seconds. You to the Ascending or Sort You whether to the Slideshow. Screen Switch- Continuous You the and Slideshow operations the Option and Slideshow operation of the OK buttons to the and You the when Effect finished the and buttons to the Press the the where to and Option the Select from the displayed, then the the following Option displayed, each of the items. If to apply the the and the The applied. positioning the the item and the The following shows the each
If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Functions You the when the [A/V A/V from the the A/V closed off. If Cover to Cover activates and the to Microphone when A/V turned You this when to the what or to such as when from activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated The A/V the hours to the the [A/V or the cover A/V or off. the button, or off. Remote
the to from the If the while the or the displayed, the or the that the to back while the while used. where the closed. Functions with the Function buttons, the and You the of the from the Shape This allows to the and to the about. Each the the appears or disappears. Remote the
to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Functions Remote with the Expands the each pressed. You that holding the buttons, the and Press the to the The ratio appears the The selected to to the to the and
Once the as follows. USB to Wireless USB the to the (Wireless Functions buttons: the Moving the You the from the This function Wireless The following operating with Wireless OS OS OS OS OS 98SE XP OS click. Press Right click. to clicks It to the function of the operating the following to the function. and the Release the to the location. While holding the buttons. and the to of the following or HDMI the to of the following. USB "Connecting Computer" "Switching to the Computer1 Computer2 HDMI
You the that currently as to the [Down] to the Projection Functions the to as the and then the Once the to the factory the buttons, the and with the the the If the to the the of the reversed. The Wireless function while the following While the displayed While Broadcasting displayed While displayed While the Source While the function While function While displayed While While USB operated While While While While sound While switching input used. Select from
the to the of the to as the You the operations from the Projection Functions Remote the and the "Select this displayed, You Protect from Protect to On displayed and the You Protect)" Protect to If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the the or the the the to match the of the the "Choose this as the displayed,
the to as the and then the the Select the factor from the Functions the the Select from The the the "Completed." displayed. It while to the or the previous connected while otherwise malfunctions the this as the displayed, Select You the that currently as the
Projection Functions to the currently as the displayed, If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the the this as the displayed. Then, The the the "The displayed. Once It while to the or connected while otherwise malfunctions to the factory
to the the of the Protect On to the following the prohibited. Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Background A/V or from Network Protect On Network to the "Network Network Protect prohibited. You people the the without "Restricting The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the about seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Protect activated, people who the the to the At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that when the This acts as anti-theft as the Protect activated. Protect) The Protect displayed. Remote On Protect On to On). If the the and (this to Direct On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
While holding the four using the buttons. The displayed as the fourth the displayed. If Protect already activated, the If the correctly, the Protect the displayed. Security Functions If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the Remote Select the type of Protect to and then the the the the as further theft the displayed, the using the buttons the the While holding the the the buttons. Press the button, the On Select and then the the the the displayed, and this to If the then the The to and then the displayed displayed
This useful or shows when to buttons or when to operation. The operated the the Protect temporarily released. Security Functions the the Press the while the "The operation locked." displayed and then the switches to If this the from the and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the that appears the and the If the of the the Select from If to the operation and the operation locked. as "The thirty the following and the of the following to the operation the of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. Restricting Select or to of the the the locked.
The with the following of anti-theft security Anti-Theft Security Functions through the to the to or theft-prevention Security the following the Security The security with the Security Security The buttons to the chose. Select when the displayed. the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the You release the of the following methods. Press and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. Select from
You to which that such as with operations such as the of that connected to and the from the and About Download the Broadcasting from the You the Broadcasting to to the of this chapter. JPEG to the searched automatically, and then which to from the that You their IP and detected. The following of the and that You from the following of connected to the allows to and operations remotely. the characters and the This function the Microsoft or as the If OS, or Firefox. assigned to that they and You the (ON/OFF) and or You of or and then the operating or information such as input that using the the of and the On If to to and the (when the off). selected or as and then operations the selected such as turning the If there actions which or to You functions to the the and off and switching their input items that the The reflected the There items that browser.
the IP of the the input of the and the the The items each the as the High and Corner Shape Items the that and the Network from the the displayed. The Remote function allows to operations with browser. The displayed. the Remote the Click Items that with SNMP Community The Remote displayed. the and and them Advanced when connecting Wireless LAN. If to the displayed. To to that the following to the the the
such as when using the Remote to the the function (Wireless the following Function buttons [Down] and Slideshow, these buttons the previous/next with USB USB connecting to to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote to the with Network USB this switches to Projection. the optional that [LAN] [Source Search] Each the pressed, input from the Computer1 and the Computer2 [Computer] "From to Projection" the or off. Function from the connected to the USB(TypeA) "Switching to the Remote Each the pressed, through the following USB [USB] the Decreases the Increases the buttons the pressed, the through and HDMI C the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V the or
related the Function to and High-speed cooling Notification, to the when or with This the to of with locations from the to of three and to three once. Network input to the the or that the the turned the following to with or Iris to If and of the Communication On If to the (when the off). SNMP On to the to the specified when or This the to of with locations from the SNMP "Reading the Indicators" the function to On and or the the following The where the occurred Reading Subject: EPSON Network Others SNMP The of the The below. The IP the where the occurred. and of the
Command Item SOURCE RGB SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function SNMP wireless the SNMP to IP who with the LAN and SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN ESC/VP21 Commands or the the (CR) to the of each and MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off the ON transmitted to the the and the turned You the from ESC/VP21. input, the the command and and then the command. Command Connector If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF The below. SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE
Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About <At the <At the input RS-232C and The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and confirmed the and Command Function AVMT AVMT URL: commands <At the (PC <At the Command Source INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 INPT INPT INPT HDMI Flow length: Parity: Function ground GND TD RD INPT USB INPT LAN INPT USB
Edition to the to with the and to You or and with software the following displayed information EPSON and This to operations You characters and "Product information 915W 910W 96W to Communication On the (when the off). The following functions while using Broadcasting The the and therefore built with It to and integrated connected About the and connected to the with wireless LAN, Advanced "Wireless LAN the following carrying operations. from the operation the displays supported.) You from using Remote using The following of to On from the Network Network Others
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. A/V Function the IP of the the of the browser, and the the the and Switch to the from the selected input To input that shown Source or to or You the necessary. You the following operations when the buttons. To C buttons that shown Source or to or right. The operation displayed. the operation the light and the the the the or Function the brightness. Brightness reduce that with the buttons to the the Click the to Click the to the without of the of or Click the the sharpness. Sharpness You the following operations when the buttons. the or off. Function buttons the You buttons the operations as the or The the following operations when the other buttons. the
the operation as the "Remote the OK Function and Switches to the from the input where "Automatically and the (Source Search)" input. Search the the Tracking, If clicked while RGB from Computer1 or Computer2 and and the The following items the as the the "Remote You the following operations when the that currently the (The location the to characters and Location (The to currently connected from other the to the that characters.) Function Item the Used to to, and from, the IT information the that currently connected. Info the that currently connected. the section. Function to characters the (The and To The following when the the You this to the that currently connected. the
the when the to the (The to characters.) New Function Item Select the to DHCP. You IP DHCP DHCP Function Item and If the the New the as displayed. Confirm Click this button to the to the the IP to assign to the currently connected IP the the currently connected Gateway Click this to the to the the currently connected the when the to the (The to characters.) New Select the to to the The following items C Function Item If the the the as New displayed. Confirm the to to the The following items the Click this to the to the
This chapter to the and its
Select Although the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Items or Top items the and the and projected. of Functions and Corner and Normal, and Native Aspect and and Theatre, Blackboard, and Whiteboard Items or Top to Brightness to Front/Rear, and Remote Mic and Info, Progressive,Test Normal and ECO Mic 5000K to 10000K G: to R: to B: to to to to Sharpness and High Direct On, and Rear, and Projection and A/V Background, Down, and Right and and Normal On and Iris On and Tracking Communication On and On and Microphone Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and NR1, and NR2 Reduction
Items or Top and Advanced Items or Top On and of Functions DHCP, IP and Gateway IP and Wireless LAN and On and SSID On and SSID On and IP SSID USB and Wireless USB or Source Info WEP, WPA-PSK, and WPA2- PSK Security and WEP Encryption ASCII and HEX Format ID cryption Encryp- tion and Encryp- Encryption tion Security Refresh Rate Info ID DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP and Shared Authentication On and IP PSK (EB-925/EB-915W/ Wired LAN EB-905/EB-96W/ EB-95 only) The of the where the used. Items or Top Network On and SMTP On and On and Wireless LAN LAN
"Automatically and the (Source Search)" Items or Top and of Functions Wired LAN and Wireless LAN Priority Gateway On and SNMP On and AMX Discovery On and Trap IP and Trap IP Others You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Quality (Selecting Function items the and currently projected. each when NTSC input You the tint. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the sharpness. Sharpness
You the of the You tints when high selected and tinted when (This item selected to from to K. The tinted selected. Function of Functions On to to the to the light (This item only to or The each Iris" projected. Theatre Iris (This item selected to You the Red, and individually. On to to and to the when the input to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to or to Normal or the connected Function You the to their the following to items to their You when appear the Tracking You the and right when of the that the whole projected. You when or interference appear the "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" You the when the USB USB, or LAN. items the and currently projected. each
You the to or the HDMI, selected, to or to the input the ratio (the of the Function RGB with input. (This when or This when RGB input.) Function of Functions You the to their the following to items to their This graphics, and to (IP with amount of animation. (This when RGB input, or when Smoothes rough There It that this to when which such as when to Reduction the HDMI connected to DVD player, the to the DVD player's HDMI You the input from the If this to automatically. If interference when to the appears the or such as the connected If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected You input from the connected the Aspect Ratio of the You the aspect ratio Aspect
You the of the Function of Functions Select ECO the too bright, such as about life: about ECO selected, the and the when or operating as follows, and You the brightness to of reduced. Function tion microphone from the Mic sound from the microphone. to hear, or the input too high, crackling turned to microphone from the this the microphone input and the Mic You the each "Correcting (This item selected Projection to and to and Rear, or Rear/Ceiling.) You selected: to On Correcting Correcting manually Function If to operations from the the the or the least seconds to the to its to operations from the You the reception of the from the Remote and the four corners of the "Correcting manually Corner)" Corner selected: You this to of the "Restricting
You the to their the following to items to their Function You and assign item from the You assign of the following items allowing to one-touch to with the Pressing the directly displays the assigned item selection/ Info Mic and to the button. Function of Functions to such as You from to or or While the displayed, To the the the and correction that the without the or the user If displayed
the that the the the off the A/V High to On when the to On such as when input and to On this off the Direct On to On to turn the to On this within of to This to On of operations it restored. closed. Function Item when the Source, or Aspect Ratio Background You the background to Black or when to the following items when input, and A/V You the when the [A/V to Black You related to the to On to the such as High Warning. when or displayed. Function of Functions following operations the Communication On If the and the the and Controlling" background Background, A/V and You the that as the [A/V the about You the as follows Select from of the following Rear Rear/Ceiling and the Methods" Rear Rear/Ceiling seconds. Projection RGB from the Computer1 from the microphone to the when the Microphone to On "Connecting Sources" to (This item when to microphone from the the On to from the On
Protect" to On microphone with Function of Functions USB to when the and to Wireless when the to the Remote to the connected USB and "Projecting with USB operated the Remote (Wireless projected. USB the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. Wire- LAN Protect to On Protect related to You Protect)" Protect to the following to items to their You the and from the to their You the and the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP Info. Wired LAN from the microphone when On Protect from High Protect to On Network Network Protect to On Protect and the Turn Network Protect and then the
the and the Network the and the Network Wireless LAN Security Wired LAN Others The following Network and Complete items. Function of Functions Network this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of alphanumerics buttons the or and the the to the and the the Network Soft operations information the LAN used. or the the of connected to the to such as security function You easily text and the This to the and then the to the character. holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to input. Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the Notes operating the Network Complete to the and or or to the Each the CAPS selected and the pressed, the SYM1/2 selected and the pressed, and the the section the and and
to On to the when to the to from Projection from other computers. Normally this should to On Function of Functions LAN the to the when editing, to to characters. Function On Turn when connecting the to the If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. On This to wireless LAN. Function Wireless LAN to when and the characters. function that allows to and the to connected You to characters. to when the using software.
DHCP to On to using DHCP If this You from to each field of the the following IP used. You input the the You from to each field of the You input the IP the the You from to each of the the following (This to Advanced IP You input the IP assigned to the to (where the following used. to On You from to IP Function the following the when Network to the and Network Projection This to Function of Functions the the wireless LAN from (This to This to or the LAN to or The Wireless LAN To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID to (where from to used. SSID SSID the wireless LAN You to characters. which the the SSID. (This SSID to SSID to when to the (This to to On to the search. This to On SSID To the IP from the LAN this to IP
You the WEP the the WEP Encryption and Format characters following instructions from the The type and of characters that ASCII characters. ASCII characters. the which the HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters Function 1/Encryption 2/Encryption 3/Encryption Encryption of Functions Security authentication. Shared authentication. the WEP authentication type. Authentication characters. least and to characters. You Pre-Shared (encrypted WPA-PSK WPA2-PSK (This when or Security selected from PSK of security of the about to access. Security, follow the instructions from the Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function encrypted with (WEP This the encrypted the and the match. WEP Advanced strongly recommended that the optional wireless LAN and security. Select of the following security You the input the WEP to ASCII HEX or Format You the WEP encoding. encoding. WEP Encryption Selects the WEP ID ID
Wired LAN (EB-925/EB-915W/EB-905/EB-96W/EB-95 only) using authentication or authenticating This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA and without This WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication the without this TKIP and AES. WPA of Functions follow the from the network of On DHCP to to the DHCP. If this On to You related to the following IP Function You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where IP You input the IP assigned to the from to You input the the You input from to each of the the following used. Gateway You input the IP the the You input from to each field of the the following to (where from to used.
You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP Function To the IP from displayed Network Info the Network and the LAN this to Function of Functions IP You input the the SMTP The You input to You to characters You the or to about notifying that or occurred. You to. You to three You input the of the to the to the specified the selected or the items from the items. the this or the the Function to On to to to the when or with Function
when to the to detected AMX the connected to this to On Function AMX covery of Functions Others Discovery this to connected to from AMX or AMX Discovery. On this to when or the the "About this to this to On the following functions Broadcasting To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the using SNMP. The SNMP Function You from to used. to (where each of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to Wired LAN Wireless You the to or LAN Priority Gateway EB-905/EB-96W/ EB-95 only) EB-915W/ (EB-925/ Trap IP 1/Trap IP
and the Projected (Source Search)" of the of Functions reaches the warning the characters You the operating yellow. Function Function You the the You the of the to the You the the connected currently Source You the refresh Refresh Rate You the the of the and the of the Items that the currently projected. the used, input supported. To of the Network Info Only) This information service required. You the information. Info
Clears the hours when the Function This information about that occurred the This information service required. Function of Functions The as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and the the "About ID" ID Function The following items to their You items the to their items Network and
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and as shown the below. the the The displayed. Press the Press the to the Select the following the function to the the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. the following the clearly what the The with the following three that the operating of the the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. warm-up the flashing. The warm-up. Warming the this or buttons while the flashing. Indicates the operating Indicates the internal C Indicates the Projecting
If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they to the Flashing Stop the the from the and or the the when the the this or Stop using the the from the and or the the The off and about about the switches to that the and clear, and that the the following High (overheating) "Cleaning the the If the clogged, clean or If the the the the from the and or the the using of or High to On the and cracked. the Check the following "Cleaning the Clean the
If the Stop the the from the and or the If the the with and then the If cracked the and the the or If cracked or the the the replaced.) High On of or to Stop the the from the and or the the Iris that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warning "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as the following the operating properly, though the showing the the with If the shown this the the from the and or the the
The to the and If of the following and the offer to the each the with the Projection the completely or the completely appear from appear displayed and nothing to Projection The "Not supported" displayed The Interference or appear The or or the aspect ratio of the displayed, or the height and of the correct. appear The The whole appears or greenish, white, or appear right when sound heard or the sound sound heard from the microphone Other
to The connected correctly or supplied. the correctly. "From to Projection" the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to the the appear Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? USB USB USB to USB the A/V the A/V closed? of the the correct? displayed USB or the when USB or displayed that the USB connected correctly. connected or properly. the USB connected correctly? when USB the to the the connected when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when Applications the DirectX function correctly. when USB or the DirectX function displayed?
displayed the the from the to only. or the the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Press the to the If to the to On to the to the the connected when from the correct? "Not supported" to the to the and the refresh from Displays" the the and the refresh to the when displayed the the [Source Search] the or the "Automatically and the (Source Search)" the selected? that the securely connected. "From to Projection" the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned
the to as as the when If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the to Turn the the and the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the output externally, they appear the LCD or accessory "From to Projection" off and then back when from or the to the with built-in LCD Computer's of or If the with this off, manually the "Correcting manually On to to Turn the to the "Correcting the the correctly? If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too of the recommended "Screen and within the recommended the the
Interference or appear If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? EPSON USB USB Click and then clear the layered layered selected? when USB If the correctly Press the button the or the the to from the Tracking the and Tracking correctly? when Computer's the to the the connected projected? when Press the the to of the the The or or the aspect Press the the or the the to the when RGB input from the Computer1 or Computer2 You the from the the correctly?
If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the when the the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's right the from connected to the Computer1 or Computer2 the following to the the the input match the from the connected the from connected to the or the Brightness from the Brightness the brightness correctly? the and from the the and correctly? when from that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the from the the correctly? the from the the correctly?
appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the to the the Brightness and from the Brightness the correctly? the from the the correctly? Press the to the the when Projection The There the or the the If this the the the from the and or the the the turn and off when the touched? The correctly or supplied. and then the "From to Projection" the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the the If to the to the to Remote the from the the the selected?
Other the from the and then the that the securely attached to both the and the that sound heard. the to the the sound heard or the sound Click EPSON USB USB and then from the from the selected? when USB If when connecting HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI commercially the Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? Mic the Mic the Mic the the from the Mic and then the "Connecting the microphone connected correctly? the Mic that sound heard. Mic the Mic turned too sound heard from the microphone microphone, to On correctly?
The the location where light the receiver. the to Remote from the sunlight or light from the receiver? the from the Remote the the Remote selected? The operating the about "Remote operating the too from the the the receiver. operating the light-emitting the the operation? the correctly or the with necessary. the the or the correctly? to the and Communication On To the function when the from the On to the from the the with the If the or the the the to abnormality and the to
that or functioning correctly. to the to the the correctly. the function correctly the
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID the network and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the network and then the Network unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network Projection. the occurred the 04FF Communication disconnected from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, Wireless LAN IP off the DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network Projection the Other information. Communication the connected to that the wireless LAN security correct. Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match.
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
the with or the to shocks, as easily become You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the Cleaning the If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. If the the internal of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. The of the or become such as or thinner to the cloth cleaning to the that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the Cleaning the Warning
If displayed, cleaning, to the with the Cleaning three months. Clean them often than this the It recommended that these least once every
The flashes This section to the and the to the Please or The following displayed. www.epson.com to purchase." It to the when: the The or to The seconds.
that the If the of which the should that the or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or cracked, and should to the of the cover, the there the cover gently. Warning to the and of the The to appear the following Normal to About hours Normal to About hours to ECO About hours to ECO About hours EB-905/EB-900/EB-96W/EB-95 EB-925/EB-915W/EB-910W cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the off the and the the If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as it repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the become or the with the or head screwdriver. Then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver cover straight and to the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the The when the from to the
If the cracked, with or further the the the fixing screws.
the the the that fits firmly, and once it the screws. the the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. cover correctly, the of with The records the turned and and when to the the the from the the hours the indicated correctly. the the replaced. the cover.
the The though the cleaned. There tear the It to the when: to the Press clicks the The when the from the cover switch, and the cover. off the and the the the cover. of properly with of the of the regulations. the cover. the the of the and straight the
ELPKC09 ELPKC10 purchase these products as and when The following of optional to without and The following optional and Please and as of: October of the country of purchase. Optional and of these the with the too ELPKC19 to Wireless LAN ELPAP07 when operating the the Optional Interactive Unit ELPIU01 when connecting the to wirelessly and when to establish one-to-one the and with Wireless USB ELPAP08 when the high ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount when such as OHP or screen that easily. (Aspect Ratio this to the hand. ELPDC06/ELPDC11 ELPSC06 ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 Soft carrying ELPKS64 to the from or the the when the roll-type (aspect ratio roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25 ELPSC30 ELPSC31 as as ELPLP60/ELPLP61 ELPAF29 This the as the with the ELPKC02 (aspect ratio
to Screen Projection EB-925/EB-905) and Unit: to Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from of C Screen
to Screen Projection EB-915W) and Projection Unit: to Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from of C Screen
Projection EB-910W) Unit: to Screen and Projection Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from of C
Unit: to to and Projection Unit: to
to Screen Projection EB-900) and Projection Unit: to Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C Screen
to Projection EB-96W) Screen and Unit: to Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C
Projection EB-95) Unit: to and Projection Unit: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C
to and Projection Unit: to
Refresh Rate Supported Supported HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SXGA+ WSXGA+ WXGA+ SXGA Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA from the HDMI UXGA MAC19" MAC21" MAC13" MAC16" SXGA+ UXGA SXGA when other than those input, that the projected. supported. when selected as the from the (EB-915W/EB-910W/EB-96W only)
Refresh Rate SDTV Supported HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV
EB-905 EB-910W EB-915W EB-925 Product Specifications Specifications XGA (W) (H) LCD WXGA (H) (W) (H) (D) TFT active WXGA (H) XGA (W) (H) AC AC supply UHE ELPLP60 UHE ELPLP61 to to to (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication On): to (Communication On): to to +60C to +35C to
Specifications XGA (W) (H) EB-95 EB-96W EB-900 Product LCD (W) (H) (D) Polysilicon TFT active WXGA (H) XGA (W) (H) to AC to to AC to to AC to supply UHE ELPLP60 to (Communication On): (Communication On): (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): (Communication (Communication On): to (Communication On): to to +60C to +35C to
Approx. Specifications Computer1 Connectors Computer2 RCA (L-R) DIN RCA HDMI PCM) HDMI USB A) USB(TypeA) USB B) USB(TypeB) Mic USB A) Wireless LAN USB RS-232C RJ-45 LAN Supports USB USB to that USB. EB-925/EB-915W/EB-905/EB-96W/EB-95 only.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to off and the to to the instructions, interference to or and reception, which turning the interference or of the following measures. Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H381C/H382C/H383C/H384C/H385C/H386C/ H387C/H388C/H389C of Product: EPSON
EB-925/EB-915W/EB-905 Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
EB-910W/EB-900/EB-96W/EB-95 Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section the that the text of this to other publications. AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The ratio and its height. with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or that the and The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP technology. the to protected with or revised of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) to Gateway information to every other from the top of the and to the to other information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV to connected to IP Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP
operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference This that the of the from the IP that the (Y) and (C). with of SXGA with of SVGA The from If the match this the of The of the of these (the of the If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of XGA with of VGA
and and of to with the rights of this reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or transmitted or mechanical, from the of the information contained Notes this the operating to as OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. OS OS OS OS Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. or of Microsoft Corporation the United States Microsoft, NT, and HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International WPA and WPA2 of Macintosh, OS, and of Apple Inc. and/or other Notice: from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or updated without further this and the Other and or already of their respective owners. and rights those the United States of America and other countries and areas. of HDMI Licensing LLC. Microsoft XP Edition operating Microsoft XP Professional operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights this the operating to as Furthermore, the to XP", and to XP,
freedom to and software--to the software its software and to other whose authors to other to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of these rights or to to the rights. These to of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the Finally, threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that the GNU to users. This to of the Software Foundation's of software, to Software Foundation software covered the GNU The terms and and follow. To rights, to that to The software to freedom to and Also, each author's protection and to that everyone of the software, or everyone's or and that know these things. instead.) You apply to authors' their rights. This includes the software which apply PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU "EPSON the and the the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the If to the of the GPL please the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR of of this of GNU GPL Notes The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The GNU as follows. You the GNU EPSON The of GPL wireless_tools patches Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including warranty) and that redistribute the such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the of the whole the of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the You and the (or based Section which distributed the of Sections and machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and copyright and that there warranty (or that with written offer, least three years, to the interactive normally with the third party, charge than of physically written rather, the to the right to the these and the user to of this (or with based the of or or the of Sections and the other the of this of or collective based the software or, software or, that of the following: of who wrote This to or other which copyright that to containing the the Whether that what the You and of the as each copyright and of warranty; warranty; and other of the of this based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that You that or publish, that whole or another translation included without the You charge fee the physical of and Activities other than and covered as whole charge to third the terms of this based the of or of or with and/or translated that conspicuously and You or of the or of this they its The of the The below, to such or the that to this and to the of the copyright distributed the terms of this and based the the or or from the or thereof, to restricted, and the from the covered its option offer warranty protection fee. as the and the of change. with the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION Notes
If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who those countries, that of protecting the of the software the would other reason to this they from the of this If to the of software distributed through that to or willing to software through other or indirectly through then the only both and this If the and/or of the restricted countries as to obligations this which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to or countries excluded. such this the this geographical to from of the incorporates the as written the of this whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this with the information as to the offer to and the the to and of the and of the operating which If of or offering to from the counts as of the though third or the and terminate from this their terminated as such You to this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or Each redistribute the (or based the the or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this then offering to the from to the that normally distributed or with the rights this who or rights, associated interface this otherwise to These actions prohibited this the that the nothing to or the or its The the of the as the distributed include or with such offer, with Subsection from the to You or the as (This allowed only to the with the based Notes to the to or The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to
If and to of the greatest to the To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this This free software; redistribute and/or the write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or the to this to free software which everyone terms of the GNU as published the Software to the and of what to Apply These Terms to New MA USA. Copyright (C) of author> redistribute and these END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS Each distinguishing If the specifies of this which to and published the Software Foundation. If the write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the option of following the terms and of that or of the of the of of free If to incorporate of the other free whose of this choose software and of the and of software generally. published the Software Foundation. Notes If the interactive, this when information to and interactive BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY Copyright (C) of author The hypothetical commands and should the something other than and they mouse-clicks or You should as or to the necessary. the software, and to redistribute type with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free of the the commands items--whatever IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (which written Inc., copyright the
freedom to and free software--to the software free its authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to or that the software and To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the library, whether or fee, to the and them rights with copyright the library, and To each to clear that there warranty author's affected that might introduced the GNU to the the rights that You that they, The software to freedom to and This the to specially to the that they them with the or the If other with the library, of free software, to freedom of of free software (and this service wish); that of free and that that these the free library. Also, the and the software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other should know that what they the that the offer this which to and/or to that the freedom to of the or based the below. Preamble these they know their rights. the library. others. things. users. to with the library. If this what If subroutine library, This incorporating to the GNU instead of this of of Notes This includes the software which apply the of the LGPL years the "EPSON the and the If to the of the LGPL please the the GNU or ("LGPL of of this of GNU LGPL PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR The of LGPL as follows and the of author The GNU as follows. You the GNU the of the LGPL SDL-1.2.13 LGPL Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA to and GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE of this allowed. February [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the
the copyright or other authorized "library" of software functions and/or as to The "Library", below, to such software or which to library, the writing Whether that what the of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the This to software or other which associated interface the You charge fee the physical of and other than copying, and covered containing the or of or with this they its The of the distributed these based the Library" the based the of the of the distributed the terms of this restricted, and from such covered its You and of the Library's with (which of those as that conspicuously and "Source the of the or copyright that to and/or translated straightforwardly another each copyright and translation included without the to and of the library. option offer warranty protection fee. "this Each as and what the that the and to Library. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the of GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those with library, whether statically or using shared library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the this the because to the freedom than the ordinary It other free of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the free to software only, the of people to of free software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the software of non-free These there to the The terms and copying, and follow. other to non-free restrictive from Therefore, that the reason the ordinary obtained of the with the and the wherewithal to that of the Library. fits its of The the other with the library. with the to freedom of this free Notes based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these You or of the or of
instead of this to of the Library. To this, than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then This option when to of the of the Section or the terms of Sections and that with the which distributed the of Sections and If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this that of the of the the without the Library, or the library. The instead of to this (If You and the (or or of specify that instead wish.) other Once this that the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore You to apply the of the ordinary GNU the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU ordinary GNU to and that the Library" with the that of of the Library, software to the with the the Library, and therefore the of this threshold this to precisely from that that library. these notices. You the to that You the whole of the to charge to third If facility the to function or of to function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to Subsection that function or These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and to that, the supply such this function optional: the supply the when the facility then that the facility, other than as written rather, the to the right to the that of the Therefore, the other the of this (or with based the Library) of or of or based the Library. function The software library. the and the of the terms of this every of who wrote Notes
offer to the specified that the already of these or that include and the from as the to distributed include and of the operating which that normally the operating You that based the and such combined library, that the of the combined with of the based the with the of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying You with, or the as It that this the of other that normally distributed or with the together with other covered this this otherwise to both them and the together the that the terminate rights this who the of the that the Library" with, or the and the based the and of the other otherwise If of the offering to from or rights, from this their Library, with other This terminated as such distributed the terms of the Sections and that these things: of the already this user that from the the with written offer, least three years, to accessors, and and functions or length), the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that to the Sections or that You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, reference directing the to the of this Also, of the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the and properly with of the library, the as as the the the specified Subsection If such only and with the Library, with the machine-readable the Library" with the to containing of the that the Library", as and/or that the already the rather than copying then the of the unrestricted, of whether Library, and that terms of choice, that the the with the machine-readable Section whether or they directly with the of the the customer's and containing this of the that of the shared with the Library. include the copyright the them, as as interface-compatible with the that the with. the to the than the of this distribution. such modifications. Section these things: Notes
If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who from to to the to or of this which to and specify choose published incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, of software and of promoting the and of software the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the those that or Each distinguishing If the write to the Software Foundation; this. countries excluded. such this incorporates the The Software Foundation revised and/or of the If to incorporate of the other whose the of the of the this geographical as written the of this the Software Foundation. You to this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based with or the to these terms and rights You third If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that it to the author/ of protecting the of the free software other reason to this they from the of this If Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the These actions this to or willing to software through other to the of software distributed through that You further the of the the would nothing to or the or its from the to as to obligations this which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to to from of the Library. whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this with this Notes PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY
You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of Coon>, Coon, of That's there to IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Notes California, Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD This includes the software "University of BSD Software Distribution END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of BSD This from software contributed to terms of of each which of the Copyright The of the University of California. rights copyright to the BSD as follows. change. You redistribution these (or, alternatively, To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) If library, and to of the to the This free software; redistribute and/or the free software that everyone redistribute and to the library's and of what to Apply These Terms to New the of the ordinary Copyright (C) of author> found. Redistributions of the copyright this of Redistribution and and with or without that the following and the following of and the following the and/or other Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without Redistributions the copyright this with the written This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or MA USA information to and
You that wrote this software. If The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated that "this software based the of the JPEG These apply to software from or based the IJG to NOT the of IJG author's or specifically and the of this software as the of of its copyright of CA. terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this acknowledge somewhere that the IJG If only distributed, then the accompanying products, that warranty or the to and this software (or or publicity relating to this software or products from This included this of L. of this software the software to as "the JPEG Group's software". NOT covered the copyright and instead the responsibility the authors NO the library. If ought to acknowledge thereof) without fee, to these than the LIABILITY of accompanying its and accuracy. as below. Group". (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT SUCH DAMAGE. Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG terms of of each which of the Group's software. of and the accompanying MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of README the terms and of the copyright to the This includes the software which This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. that this software please You this software whatever You to English: LEGAL ISSUES
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the and as with the following to the of There warranty that or the and the of satisfactory performance, and with and as with the following to the of through Copyright Distributed to the and as of or This with There warranty interference with of the or July through October Copyright through March Copyright If immediately following this and to the and distributed to the with the following to the of Contributing Authors: following to the of Contributing Authors and with the following additions to the Contributing Authors: S. Raymond Contributing Authors Bracey Tom Tom the copyright the Software Foundation freely The IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the JPEG software. arithmetic only as there This the LZW algorithm; the GIF than "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to with the LZW GIF reading It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered The Unix with GNU It The IJG included to and write GIF To its ltmain.sh). Another the it that install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely GIF to that the Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of this and the the that included the the terms and of the copyright to the Copyright Andreas of and copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This includes the software which of of each which of the This of the of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: the copyright to the as follows. of
through Copyright the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the Inc. following of Notes This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of terms of of each which of the MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. (C) and Copyright software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following plainly as such and to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as the This Copyright or from or the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and would appreciated. The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. required. If the would to The without warranty of The written and it This or from include third-party Also, the PNG PNG of the and and printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
The and author of L. to Ghostscript; from RFC Other authors noted the history that follows header rather than C++ from Martin Edited slightly TOC statically or If redistribute would that include the history information Notes This includes the software which warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the authors from the of this The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the This the MD5 RFC whose text This software 'as-is', without or warranty. to to this software including the and of the copyright to the applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the plainly as such, and This or from terms of of each which of the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the Copyright (C) rights as the software. of MD5 (RFC copyright to the as follows. L. of following software. This includes the software which the following (only used) as follows. of the copyright or authorized the copyright Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to otherwise, or ownership of or of the the or of such entity, whether or the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this or ownership of such entity. that the Definitions. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted.
of to the and of this each charge, royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to import, and otherwise the Work, Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or that the Work or Works thereof with or without and You other of the Work or Works copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and then to You this the You within Works that You or as to the You to that that their Contribution(s) or Works that You include of the Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory Works; within the Source or to You within such NOTICE those NOTICE text from the Work, that such attribution You the Source of Works that You with the Works; or, within the Source or that You the following Redistribution. You and of the Work or where such to those such of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such that Work terminate as of the such as the of the Works; and You the and of this and (or or Entity "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or Works" whether Source or that "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works the copyright or or Entity authorized to that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously "Contributor" and or Entity of Works of, publicly publicly and translation of Source including to of authorship. the of this Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work and of Copyright to the and of this or its including to include that from, or (or each to You "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" included or attached to the the of or written to the royalty-free, copyright to the as indicated copyright that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, whom Contribution and or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. and to other types. the Work and such Works Source or incorporated within the Work. this Contribution." below). Notes
of warranty, indemnity, or other and/or and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or rights with this such obligations, You Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and or terms and whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of service or of the as of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its KIND, or implied, including, without or the of or redistributing the Work and with Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without You copyright to and or of or such Works as This to the "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY reasonable and customary the of the Work and FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or associated with of this of You explicitly otherwise, with the stated this the of the NOTICE or such Notes To apply the to the following the that or and of included the as information. (Don't include the The text should the with the with the copyright within third-party archives. Licensed the (the this with the APPENDIX: to apply the to Copyright of copyright owner] You of the END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS or to writing, software distributed the the the and distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of (including or otherwise, to You including indirect, or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or (such as and acts) or to writing, or of character as of this and other or such of and theory, whether tort of the of such
the of the copyright to products built The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed This software 'as with or warranties of its Copyright Brian Worcester, UK. rights include the copyright this of of of each which of the including, to, and/or include the copyright this of and the following their without the of or that: this software without written and the following copyright to the as follows. LICENSE TERMS DISCLAIMER Notes