Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the "Glossary" section of the Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates procedures which or The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the Remote or the "Brightness" from the Indicates items. Brightness Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
or white board or board, allowing effective of white boards and with the to easily write or function Common to Each With this there You easily with USB and its really USB as optional and with the and connecting the to with the USB from the Connecting with USB and (USB You and easily and closing the A/V which clear The A/V easy to and to You easily height with hand. foot to You this to people without restricts the and who the Protect to and users Enhanced security functions turning the off, the without to the to cool cool The with the following of anti-theft security with anti-theft Security Security With that WXGA LCD the the aspect. You whiteboards and other Projection WXGA (EB-826WH)
Not with the "Network function which EB-826WH/825H/85H Features You slideshow of JPEG USB such as USB or USB memory Network Operation to the when from with USB JPEG without connecting You effective of the "EPSON Software to and and Network Projection Operation You to already constructed You from connected to network without to to the of the optional wireless LAN the Connecting wirelessly to wirelessly to Select whichever The following the to Network Projection Advanced offering of to already constructed Advanced that temporarily the SSID to the and the when the optional wireless LAN disconnecting. the optional Wireless USB Network USB to the
the to and the A/V A/V C Function and Functions when using the to the closing the and the sound (A/V A/V to cool the internally. If collects the internal to and this service life. to the to with and the regularly. when the such as and the of the foot the Foot to and the foot. Foot through and this cover when the optional Wireless LAN and the cover. switch cover Security this cover when the cover The Security with the Security Security the the to cool the internally. otherwise affected heat the that become or and or the while Function from the Remote
from the Microphone (Mic) and the currently to Function 85H/84H/84L only) (EB-826WH/825H/ and Functions Rear to the when to from connected to the from from or the Screw to the cover Cover Fixing Screw from and from connected to the Computer1 to the when to from other Computer1 from the Function from and from connected to the Computer2 USB: back Slideshow from USB to the when to the following Sources, the Also, when to from the connected to USB or when from the optional from other to the USB LAN Computer2 from the Microphone (Mic) and the currently the from it to the with RS-232C This and should normally used. RS-232C to the to microphone. Microphone (Mic) C to the from the to the Computer1 input This or other input to other than the Computer1 input 85H/84H/84L only) (EB-826WH/825H/
The following the of USB Light ON: USB connected Light ON: USB operating OFF: USB connected connected to USB Light ON: Function and Functions (EB-826WH/825H/ 824H/85H only) USB connected to the USB JPEG Slideshow when or Network to the optional (EB-826WH/825H/ USB 824H/85H only) the to the USB and the the projected. USB USB to the wireless function. this to to the to LAN and then to 85H/84H/84L only) (EB-826WH/825H/ LAN the optional mount when the from Function mount fixing to and to the Rear foot
Corrects the following these and buttons the Function and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons items and the through the Slideshow function Network and the which shows to with they or displayed, these buttons the to items and the If while and If when displayed, to the the function. The of the and whether they flashing or the of the Turns the or off. Function hearing. the off, that and then of high increase the and the to the input that connected to the and If of the and to or displayed, and the selection and to the the [Source Search] C
the On or Function and Functions Remote the Computer1 and the Computer2 input the pressed, the [Computer] the pressed, the the and the input C the and or off. [A/V when buttons If of the and to the The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] the Wireless function or and these buttons. such as USB or buttons ([Down] Network Projection, and these buttons. (EB-826WH/825H/85H) such as Network Projection Enlarges/reduces the without the buttons or displayed, selects items and and the the the pushed. function, the buttons
from connected to USB the pressed, to the to USB when the EB-84H/84L. [USB] Function or displayed, and the selection and to the Function and Functions USB this switches to that to the with Network Projection. Wireless the optional Wireless (EB-826WH/825H/85H only) [LAN] EB-824H/84H/84L, this function the pressed. displayed, to the the function. If when Acts as right when the Wireless function. Acts as when using the Wireless function. to the input that connected to the and Remote light- [Source Search] hearing. the off, that and then of high increase the Decreases the Increases the and the which shows to with they the pressed, the Press to the when assigned as the Press to assign item from the items. the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch
Applications This chapter connecting to Security and
USB: from connected to USB LAN: the connected to and from Network Projection projected. and the input from the The input from connected Source Search You the the following the connected, playback this operation. EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H switch to USB. EB-826WH/825H/85H switch to LAN. when input. Procedure Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) You the Remote buttons to to the input to the the the Remote input when the [Source You the as input with Search] or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. USB Computer1 Computer2 C
You directly to the the following buttons the Switch to The following showing the of or when found. You the input where the to connected. If when the that the currently operation about seconds, the the Each the pressed, the the Computer1 and the Computer2 input Each the pressed, the the and the input connected to USB to USB the pressed, to the from C when the EB-84. USB displayed EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H. LAN only displayed EB-826WH/825H/85H. EB-824H/84H/84L, this function the to the with Network Projection. Wireless using the optional USB this switches to that (EB-826WH/825H/85H only) pressed.
MB or Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB the USB to the to connecting USB from the from the This function USB displayed. than and than or Connecting XP Service or Service Service XP Compatible OS Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of Memory than and than or MB or OS Core or PC G4 or CPU OS or OS Compatible OS MB or Amount of Memory
Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB Turn the Procedure To from the to the to the USB to the (supplied). the A/V C Turn the authority, displayed and to the software. this try to the and then to using user the the to the If to installation, If the USB Select and Service Click the directly to the and USB "Connecting the first "From the connecting the first to the The and OS. Connecting the first Procedure using EPSON PJ_UD automatically.
EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB If nothing reason, If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE Connecting with USB and (USB projected, the as and the USB or off the of the It while projected. C projected. EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB and then clear the If the the To the EPSON USB and The disconnected the USB There to the Disconnecting Applications that of DirectX correctly. displayed when from with USB The USB displayed "From the when connecting the the to installation. Double-click the OS C Follow the on-screen instructions to
It while Please Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB If selected, USB If to the displayed, the USB the and the projected, the as and the USB or turn off the of the It while projected. projected. If the USB USB If nothing reason, the USB USB If there the USB To the from the EPSON PJ_UD the the Application from the Applications the USB the or the Disconnect and from the displayed, and then the USB If from the USB the the USB connected. projected. From the
USB and Slideshow Presentations Slideshow (EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H) This section to USB directly from the as Slideshow. You Slideshow to directly and USB that connected to the USB that incorporate security used. that Slideshow and them continuously (Slideshow) Normally, the clearly with than The following projected. with the CMYK too high. Specifications that using Slideshow Notes Slideshow back and and USB Select and This section the basic operation of Slideshow. Slideshow USB AC If with The Format the the FAT16/32 supply.
Procedure Closing Slideshow Presentations Slideshow (EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H) Starting and closing Slideshow Starting Slideshow USB and To Slideshow, the USB connected to the off the of the and then The following the using Slideshow, and operations. Slideshow operations USB or connected to Switch the to USB. the Slideshow Procedure or buttons the to the buttons or the the or to access. or Press the Procedure You to the memory the following (Select displayed, USB or the or the or the to the to and then the Cursor the top of the and then the Select To the Select the button.
or the While JPEG the Slideshow (EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H) JPEG displayed as thumbnails JPEG displayed as instead of thumbnails. this displayed. as You with the or buttons the the the or To to the the or the If and displayed the the the Previous and the the to the Next and the selected, the the selected displayed. to Top Select the that and the to to the previous The selected displayed. Press from and USB Slideshow of the following This function Projecting selected You Slideshow when them. The rotating function Slideshow. JPEG the following the Procedure This function the of Projecting (Slideshow) JPEG or Slideshow. To JPEG To Slideshow
Slideshow (EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H) the USB while accessed.Slideshow correctly. You the following operations the or the The played back. C Press The of the connected or USB displayed. the the to and buttons or the or the or the Slideshow. Procedure The following operation to the While Press the
Switching If the the option to when slideshow. Press the or the Remote to to the Presentations Slideshow (EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H) You the This function Slideshow. the Slideshow the following (Slideshow) You the the Slideshow function. Conditions Procedure Switching Option the Slideshow to To the when Slideshow, the other than Procedure the following option displayed, each the the item and pressing the of the items. or buttons the to the buttons or the and then the Select "Option" from the displayed, then the the where to or Press the The of the connected or USB displayed. the Slideshow, and then the or the to the buttons or the or Press the Slideshow. of the items below. from the when reaches the Continuous On automatically. If to from the Option the the displayed C Select Slideshow from the and then the The Slideshow You to the to the previous or playback the of Slideshow.
Presentations Slideshow (EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H) You the to displayed Slideshow. You and Seconds. You the of the to displayed. You or You whether to the Slideshow. Switch- or the to the buttons or the If to apply the the "OK", and then the or and the The applied. C Press the
USB and USB and the optional connected to the the connected or JPEG the USB played as Slideshow. Connecting and USB Connecting to the optional connected, from the Connecting USB To USB To USB C USB The following to USB the optional as the to the using the USB with the the [USB] the or the [Source the connected to the Search] the to switch to from the If USB the correctly. Devices such USB than length. If the Slideshow or to the USB connecting and as and USB should connected to the the AC with the with, or specified with the function correctly. directly.
Connecting to (EB-826WH/ 825H/85H/84H/84L Only) finishing follow the below to USB from the Connecting to Removing USB You input from Computer1 and the connected to the the This that when the the with the and off the of the the optional from the USB and then Procedure with To To C
Connecting to (EB-826WH/ 825H/85H/84H/84L Only) input or input or functions You from connected to the such as output to the the Connecting to You with built-in amplifiers to the to of sound. with (such as with the the To To C
Connecting LAN (EB-826WH/825H/85H/ 84H/84L Only) the the from the built-in and switches to Connecting to the the following and interfaces with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN You microphone from the connecting to the Microphone (Mic) Connecting Microphone Microphone (Mic) with and the microphone, On from the LAN To LAN To LAN C To malfunctions, shielded LAN To Microphone (Mic)
the Wireless LAN Unit (EB-826WH/825H/ 85H Only) Connecting to the switch, and the the cover. cover. Procedure C the Wireless LAN using the screw included to the Screw to wireless LAN the LAN
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Functions Enhancing Remote You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. bright This the brightest If about turning off and tones the Application Each the the the and the If the while the the to the The the from the using bright Theatre the input and the Source such as bright The and brought USB or LAN.) or TV bright The and brought to life. input) Sports that to the this Blackboard tint, when Blackboard the whiteboard. Whiteboard
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the to the of the and Functions the Iris You this when to the what or to such as when from Press the and Iris" from the the the the Remote Procedure Remote Procedure The each Select "On". the or the cover A/V or off. C Press the to the Iris when the or Theatre
The to back the If the while the or displayed, the or displayed while the and to from the where while used. cleared. Each the button, or off. If this function when the Black You choose to or as the A/V A/V the from the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. Functions Enhancing the A/V closed, and operations the turned off. If Operation to from the of the to off the the The A/V the to Mic A/V the Aspect Ratio when that that recorded or the Aspect Ratio when The and the of Aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio the the the to photo. Also, operations such as from without showing the action screen the function activated the Remote Procedure Remote Procedure
Each the the Aspect displayed the and the Aspect If the while the Aspect displayed the to the Aspect Functions Enhancing Projection Aspect The aspect ratio using the from the the Aspect Normal Native C Each the switches and EB-825H/824H/85H/84H/84L the pressed, the Normal, and Native. EB-826WH
the Aspect (EB-825H/824H/85H/84H/84L) Functions Projection You the Aspect as follows. Projection input to the the Aspect of the input Normal to the Aspect of This when to Aspect of to the input Aspect. This when using If of the or Normal from the the of the
You the Aspect as follows. EB-826WH offers WXGA (Aspect Ratio the Aspect to the Aspect (EB-826WH) Functions Projection Projection input to the the Aspect of the input Normal input to the Aspect of input input the input the aspect as that the projected.
input input the of the input to the If the the of the of the This clear Native Functions Projection If of the or Normal from the the of the
the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Functions Projection Function with the You choose from three of from the or buttons, the to and left/right. and Remote the Procedure Each the the appears or
to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Functions Remote with the buttons, the to and left/right. and Remote C Remote Procedure Each the pressed, the expanded. You holding the You reduce the the button. Press the to
The ratio appears the The selected to to Functions the (Wireless buttons to the or Press the If selected, and Reduction XP/ OS: OS to Compatible OS from the USB To the function, USB to Wireless to USB the the USB of and the USB the of the with the USB the Remote Wireless to the It to the Wireless function of both the and OS operating to the function to used. the the further
buttons, the and with the Once the the operated as follows. clicks the Functions Enhancing Projection If the to the the The Wireless function while the following operation of the Remote buttons reversed. While the displayed to and left/right. While the Source While the function While the function While displayed While While While While USB operated While the While used. click: Press the Right click: Press the click: Press or This the Slideshow. Switch and To To Release the to the location. buttons. or While holding the the
to the the of the Protect On to the following Background Screen A/V and from the the prohibited. Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Network Protect On Network to the Network Protect (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L only) prohibited. The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft You people the the without the about The Protect displayed. seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Procedure Protect activated, people who know the the to the At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that when the This acts as anti-theft as the Protect activated. Protect) Remote and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protect On to the On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
Remote If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted. displayed. to the the the the the as further theft On Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the Turn On Protect". the displayed, the using the buttons the Remote the Procedure Turn "Network Protect". (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L only) Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the C Turn Protect". While holding the the the the buttons. buttons. The as While holding the four using the the The the the The displayed, and then this to If the the fourth the displayed. Select and then the shown displayed Network Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the the
the and from the the Procedure The If incorrect three the operation locked. about and If the of the that appears the and the then the switches to If this the back The displays the from the outlet and then and the the and Service that the Security Functions the the Remote If to the and input the thirty the following and the The operation locked. as of the following to the operation buttons the Restricting Select or of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the the the locked. The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated the Remote
the includes the following security to the often mounts and from the Anti-Theft You release the of the following Security Functions through the to the to or theft-prevention Security You about the The Security with the Security Security the www.kensington.com/ Security From the Remote Press and the the about seconds, and the released. from the the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the
with the following Browser You and the from the function used. the and operations remotely this of that connected to the characters the specifying the IP of the as follows when Advanced displayed. To to with other than If to the IP of the Microsoft or as the If using OS, Communication On Network items from from the the (when the off). the IP of the the input of the and the the displayed. the the Procedure There items that from the and items that only browser. Items the that the items the with the of the following items. The items each the as the the High Operation and of the the Network from the the and Remote the Remote function, operations The following items only Items that the SNMP Community
the and the input Each the pressed, the C Function displayed. Procedure with from LAN as This the when the the Network Projection wireless function, or when to the input that connected to the and the and or off. [A/V or unpaused. [Source Search] buttons ([Down] Click USB this switches to that to the with Network Projection. Wireless the optional Wireless [LAN] from connected to USB Each the pressed, to the [USB] C The Remote displayed. hearing. the off, that and then of increase the high Decreases the Increases the Function the Computer1 and the Computer2 input the pressed, the [Computer] the On or
the Function to the function from the when or warning with This the to of with locations to the from the to of three to of the the recorded, and to three On from the If and (when the off). once. of the
to when or with This when collectively SNMP from the from them. SNMP SNMP should or The SNMP function to SNMP The function using SNMP Wireless to IP who with the LAN to the
displayed and the You Protect to Protect Protect On If from to You the that currently as the previous C "Choose this as the displayed, the to the as the the Remote or the to the of the If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the to as the and then the the the Remote Procedure the to the of the to as the Select from the the the buttons and the operations they the the
the this as the The the the Completed. displayed. displayed, Once the to the seconds. the or connected while otherwise malfunctions the factory the the Remote You the factor from the "Select this displayed,
You the that currently as the previous or the function If selected when Aspect, currently the to as the and then the button. the the Procedure to the currently as the displayed, Select from the the C Select
The The the the the this as the displayed. displayed, If of the the Select this displayed selection, displayed, and the to as the than the selection You the of the Once the to the user seconds. the or connected while otherwise malfunctions the factory the the Remote the the or the the to the as to the of the
This chapter to the and its
the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the and Source currently as shown the following shots. each and Source. of Functions the used, input supported. Function You the of the to surroundings. You the Brightness. Brightness You choosing of the following. (This item selected selected as the from the You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. Red, You the of each individually. when NTSC input You the Tint. You the light and the You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness Theatre (This item or selected as the from the whether or On to to the light projected. Iris
You the to their To items to their Function of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You the when the LAN. (EB-826WH/825H/85H) to the of the input identified. If the correctly when to such as Normal when of the to the connected or to or You whether or On the to the when the You when appear the Tracking Function You the and right when of the that the whole projected. You when or interference appear the
IP each the This with amount of when input) This CG and animation. This Function of Functions Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as Reduction You the input from the input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected If appear correctly when to the to the If to the input to the connected You input from Computer1/2 input You the to their To items to their You the Aspect Ratio Aspect You the Function
when selected from the Turn On to Function of Functions ECO ECO Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of You this to of the You the of the Shape the Mic too to hear from the or the too high the crack. the Mic turned to from the Mic You the item assigned from the with the the the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following Info Mic items to the to Remote or the light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the operation from the Remote You the each
Select from including to and the to such as or the Function of Functions the displayed that the without other While the displayed, and correction To the the the Remote or the You the to their To items to their If displayed
of Functions You whether or On to the Source when the Source, the when You whether or On the (the when the displayed. Background You the when to Black or A/V You the displayed A/V as Black or the when input, and You related to the You the that as background Background, A/V and Function You the as follows the [A/V the Remote about seconds. Rear/Ceiling Rear Rear/Ceiling You from the following to the the
to On and the that the such as to On the the off within of to to On this off the the A/V closed. to On this when input and operations High to On when the of Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. to On the of purchase. restored. Function of Functions Function to to connected to the the from the You SNMP or to and the of the the or using the The Mic function from the when connected to the Microphone (Mic) Communication On You the following functions when the this to Mic input this to Communication On and Microphone to On software with this (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L only) and the of the the connected to the Computer1 input On to Communication On, whether or when the to Communication On) Microphone to USB when the and connected USB and projected. to Wireless when the to operated the Remote USB You and from the to their To items to their this to On when You the displays. Protect to On Protect, relating to You Protect to If On Protect Protect On input when Microphone to On "High
Network Protect On Protect to and the You Network Protect to Network (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L only) of Functions EB-84H/84L EB-826WH/825H/85H Function You the each as follows. Network Information LAN Security Wired LAN Others Complete The following Network items. Network the of connected to the the functions and the This function You easily to such as Security
Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the Notes operating the Network of Functions Each the [CAPS] selected, and and Complete to the and of or or to the Each the [SYM1/2] selected, and the the section the the and the Network the and the Network the Network this the following software displayed. buttons the Remote or The Network items that input of and the to the and then the to the Remote and the buttons. holding the the the and the to the the to input. Press the to input. Soft operations
EB-84H/84L EB-826WH/825H/85H of Functions to when and the using You to characters. function that allows to and the the connected to when the using software. the to the when to editing, to characters. Function You to characters. to On to the when to the to Network. Network from from Normally this should to On Network (EB-826WH/825H/85H only)
when the optional Wireless LAN Wireless LAN (EB-826WH/825H/85H only) of Functions to when to wireless to Advanced when to to the connected to with Network Projection, that permanently connected On If to wireless LAN, to unauthorized others. This to On Turn when connecting the to the wireless LAN. LAN Function IP You input the IP assigned to the You input from to each field of the the to (where from to following IP used. SSID. SSID the LAN which the the SSID. You to characters. SSID On DHCP Select whether or to DHCP. If this to You related to the following IP the LAN Wireless LAN Gateway You input the IP the the You input from to each field of the to (where from to the following Gateway used. You input the the You input from to each of the the following used.
To the SSID from Info the Network and the LAN this to SSID Function of Functions To the IP from Network Info the Network and the LAN this to IP when the optional Wireless LAN Security (EB-826WH/825H/85H only) Function Security, follow the instructions from the of the network about to access. Advanced WPA includes authentication functions.WPA authentication authentication or authenticating WPA/WPA2: This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA and without This the without This the encrypted the and the match. that security this "TKIP" and "AES". WEP: encrypted with (WEP Select type of from the following items. Security
You the following items. WEP selected of Functions Function You the input the WEP HEX HEX ASCII Format You the WEP WEP Encryption Selects the WEP ID ID You the WEP the characters following instructions from the the which the The type of character and the that to the WEP Encryption and If the of characters shorter than the character length, or the of characters than the ASCII alphanumerics, characters. ASCII alphanumerics, characters. HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters character length, Format Encryption Encryption Encryption Encryption authentication. Shared authentication. the WEP authentication type. Authentication
WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You the following items. of Functions You PreSharedKey (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the PreSharedKey You than characters the from than characters. and the pressed, the and as PSK Function
of Functions Wired LAN IP You input the IP assigned to the You input from to each field of the However, the to (where from to following IP used. You input the the You input from to each of the However, the following used. On DHCP Select whether or to DHCP. If this to Function You related to the following IP Gateway You input the IP the gateway the You input from to each field of the to (where from to the following Gateway used. To the IP from displayed Network Info the Network and the LAN this to IP
this or warning the information the of the "Reading Function (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L Only)" of Functions You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP Function On You whether or to the and the of the to when abnormality or warning the You to characters the Address. You or to about You each Address. You input the the SMTP The You input to
EB-84H/84L EB-826WH/825H/85H of Functions Others To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should You to IP the SNMP to (where from to You input from to each field of the the following IP used. Function On this to when to SNMP SNMP Trap IP Trap IP the connected to this to On to allow the to AMX Discovery. this to connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery the wireless or wired. (EB-826WH/825H/85H only) Priority Gateway
of the Network of Functions Function the the appears. To of the Network
the of the and the of the Items that the and Source currently as shown the following shots. the used, input supported. Info Only) of Functions LAN /USB/USB reaches the the characters displayed yellow. You the operating Hours Function You the of the to the Source You the Source the currently projected. Source You the of the This information service required. You the Info. Info You the Refresh Refresh Rate You the The as "0H" the first to hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and This Info about that occurred the This information service required. the
of Functions The following items to their items Network and You items the to their You clear the and to "0H". when the Hours Function (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L)
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the Remote C Confirm the selection. If with the the displayed to You the the and as shown the below. Press the to the the Remote The displayed. Press the Procedure Select If the to the to the the Remote
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three that the operating of the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the Warming the this Indicates the operating or cool while the flashing. to the following to what the and to that they Projecting Indicates the internal C Indicates the
If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service or or flashing Stop the the from the and or the the and Service The off and about about the switches to that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or the following High (overheating) If the the using the the from the and or the the and Service If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the High On using of or to the and cracked. the following Clean the Cover If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced).
If the cover or the correctly, the or that the cover and securely Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service Iris High On of or to flashing or o to the Flashing that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, clean or High Warning or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as If the indicated this the the from the and or the If the operating properly, though the showing to the the and Service with
the (EB-826WH/825H/ 85H/84H/84L)" concerning and If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard or the sound sound heard from the microphone" "The Remote Other from appear and nothing Projection the completely the completely and displayed" relating to appear" the and such as interference, or white "Interference or appear appear. "The "Not displayed." or of "Projection automatically" displayed." of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and appear and and LCD performance, that the the The whole appears purplish or white, and the appearing the match, this of "The truncated or or the aspect right" "The when appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the Remote to A/V A/V active? Press the to the the the to the the connected input such as completely of the the correct? the A/V the A/V closed? when from the correct? the completely when the to only. when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the Press the to the If to the to Operation to On
The "Not supported" displayed. to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the Displays" the to the the connected the and the Refresh Rate to the when from the correct? when displayed. the to as as the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting If the to Turn the the and the off and then back while the of the or already turned the function that the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the pressing the [Source Search] the Remote or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or with built-in LCD the to the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too of the recommended within the recommended the the
If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the the to the the connected Interference or appear when from the correct? If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? If the correctly the Press the the or the the to and Tracking from the Tracking that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the "Supported Displays" the and "Tracking correctly? when when the selected? the to the the connected Press the the Remote to the The or or the aspect projected? when Press the the Remote or the the to from other while from the of the projected. If the correctly the using from the correctly?
If activated from the about of the the projected. To the the off the Check the the from to the input the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected the that the with the Displays" when when the selected? right the and from the from connected to the or input the from the the correctly? the Brightness from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the from the correctly? the and correctly? the Brightness and from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? the from the correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the
when The There the or the defective. the If this the the the from the and or the the and Service the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. Disconnect and then the the switched off? Press the to the the Press the the If to the to the to the Remote from the Remote the the selected? Other commercially the the from the input and then the the connected correctly? Press the [A/V the Remote to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the sound heard or the sound Disconnect the from the Microphone (Mic) and then the the microphone connected correctly? sound heard from the microphone
the Mic that sound heard. Mic the Mic turned too the microphone, On the function correctly the the the Remote the Remote light-emitting the Remote the when operated? The Remote the location where light the Remote the Remote Remote to from the sunlight or light from the Remote the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? the Remote from the the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the and the from the the that the optional Wireless LAN securely connected. the (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L) the LAN connected? Wireless LAN To the function when the Communication On from the to Communication On? the the correct?
If the or the the and Service the to abnormality and the to of to the the Network correctly. Notification function correctly the that the connected correctly. connected or connected properly. that or functioning correctly. to the the connected correctly? Wired LAN
Reading Function (EB-826WH/825H/85H/84H/84L Only) On the function to and the the following Subject: EPSON or appears the of the with occurred The of the The following shows the that the each To with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" The IP the where the occurred. The where the occurred and of the cover related input to the the turned the or that the High Warning High-speed cooling High (Overheating) Iris Iris
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
(Rear/Ceiling front of the The the following four to the of the location. optional mount when the from of when the from mount). If correctly, causing If the mount fixing to the screws from or things such as or the the screws from and or and the crack causing to from its mount. This serious to the mount and or the mount, to the and Warning You the as follows the [A/V Rear Rear/Ceiling or from the the Remote about seconds. the its This malfunctions to (Rear from tion) from front of the projection) and from the from the and from the from the
Clean the and the when the following displayed. Cleaning the You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning The overheating. nothing the and or the If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of then wring the cloth to the and then with cloth. Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the cloth cleaning to gently the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Cleaning the that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the Warning If displayed, cleaning, to the with three months. Clean them often than this using the It recommended that clean these least once every the with or the to shocks, as easily become
This section to the the and the If the of the Remote or that the other the AA or AA or ready. You becoming this them with the Remote the of the and the to the the Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions the batteries. Instructions Procedure Attention It to the when: the the with
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the The the displayed when If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off shorten the operating life. Normal to About hours ECO to About hours The flashes displayed. the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should ready to the The when the from that the If the of or the If or reassembled the and used, fire, shock, or which the should that the and should to the of the cover, the there the cover gently. Warning The or to
cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the C the fixing screws. off the and the confirmation the Procedure the cooled then the with the or head screwdriver. Then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver cover straight and to cover. If the cracked, with or further the the
the cover. the the the that fits firmly, and once the the screws. the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. of correctly, the with
The records the turned and and when to the the the Hours from the the the indicated correctly. the Hours the replaced. the The though the cleaned. There tear the It to the when: the the of the and straight C the The when the from off the and the the to the Procedure the switch, and the the cover. cover.
Press clicks the the cover. of properly with of the ABS resin of the Polyurethane
ELPKC19 to purchase these products as and when needed. The following of optional and as of: of to without and The following optional and Please the country of purchase. Optional and this to to and from the the to connected to used. Wireless USB ELPAP05 (EB-826WH/825H/85H only) when the to wirelessly and Wireless LAN ELPAP03 (EB-826WH/825H/85H only) when OHP or ELPDC06 this to the hand. Soft carrying ELPKS16B Optional when the high when the ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount roll-type (Aspect Ratio roll-type (Aspect Ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 screen ELPSC10 ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25 of to the from or the the and Service to this ELPLP50 This the as the with the that easily. (Aspect Ratio ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPSC06 as as ELPAF22 of these the with the too
to To the the following to the reference. Screen and Units: to Projection Units: (EB-825H/824H/85H/84H/84L) to the from the of the to the of the of Units: to Projection (EB-826WH)
Units: to to and Projection Units: to Screen
Command Item MSEL the ON to the the and warm-up the turned ESC/VP21 Commands Command (CR) to the of each and Connector input RS-232C If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item input, the the and and then the command. <At the <At the SOURCE 1F Computer1 selection SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE RGB SOURCE SOURCE RGB PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF <At the (PC <At the SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB (EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H) SOURCE LAN (EB-826WH/825H/85H) MUTE ON On A/V On/Off Function ground GND MUTE OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL
Function TD ESC/VP21 Flow length: Parity: RD
displayed "Product information EB-826WH EB-825H EB-824H EB-85H EB-84H EB-84L Class1 established the JBMIA and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their to About The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. It with commands the following commands Class1, and the URL: commands and Command Function Command Source AVMT AVMT INPT Computer1 INPT Computer2 INPT INPT INPT USB INPT LAN INPT USB displayed information EPSON EB-826WH/825H/824H/85H EB-826WH/825H/85H
Refresh Rate Supported (EB-825H/824H/85H/ 84H/84L) Supported HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (PAL,SECAM) SXGA+ WXGA+ SXGA UXGA MAC19 MAC21 MAC13 MAC16 when other than those input, that the projected. supported.
Refresh Rate Supported (EB-826WH) HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (PAL,SECAM) WSXGA+ SXGA+ WXGA+ SXGA UXGA MAC19 MAC21 MAC13 MAC16 when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. when selected as the from the
EB-824H EB-84L EB-84H EB-85H EB-825H EB-826WH Product Specifications Specifications (H) (W) (W) (H) (D) including section) Polysilicon TFT active WXGA (W) (H) to AC to supply UHE ELPLP50 (Communication On): to to (Communication On): to to +60C to +35C to
EB-824H EB-84L EB-84H EB-85H EB-825H EB-826WH Product Computer1 Connectors Specifications Computer2 DIN input RCA input RCA (L, R) USB B) USB Microphone (Mic) USB A) USB A) USB RJ-45 LAN USB Connector A) Optional Wireless LAN Unit USB RS-232C Supports USB USB to that USB. This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. DNX ICs this
Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the reception. there that interference If this interference to off and the to to the instructions, interference to or and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that that the operation. the FCC this It the of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H353C/H354C/H355C/H356C/H357C/H370C of Product: EPSON
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section easily terms that with the and terms that the text of this to other publications. AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio which the and to quality. to that of three and (Aspect Ratio) Aspect Ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that contained the that the brightness and together. The type of commonly household to The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or Aspect Ratio of HDTV This (router) Network to Gateway (Gateway Address) to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate of whereby the from from top to to to connected to Network. IP
Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that formulated that that easily to SSID with Wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID This that the of the Network from the IP Address. The from If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to quality. to that of and C The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking WPS of Protected Protected the as of easily and Wireless LAN. WPS type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
OS OS OS OS rights of this publication reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or or mechanical, from the of the information contained Notes this the operating to as OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. Notice: Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. and or Other only and or already of their respective owners. and rights those IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International and the of the Microsoft of WPA and WPA2 of the Macintosh, and of Apple Inc. the United States of America and other countries and areas. of Microsoft Corporation the United States. and DNX of Inc. Corporation. from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or updated without further this and the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights Microsoft XP Edition operating Microsoft XP Professional operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations to with XP, and and of XP", and Furthermore, this the operating to as the collective to to the
freedom to and free software--to the software free its software and to other whose authors to other to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free these rights or to to the rights. These to of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that the GNU to users. This to of the Software Foundation's of software, to Software Foundation software covered the GNU The terms and copying, and follow. To rights, to that to The software to freedom to and Also, each author's protection and to that everyone of the software, or everyone's free or and that know these things. instead.) You apply it to authors' their rights. This includes the software which apply PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU "EPSON the and the the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the If to the of the GPL please the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR of of this of GNU GPL Notes The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The GNU as follows. You the GNU PWC950 SDK The of GPL wireless_tools patches Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Preamble
If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including warranty) and that users redistribute the such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the of the whole the of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the You and the (or based Section which distributed the terms of Sections and machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and copyright and that there warranty (or that Accompany with written offer, least three years, to the interactive normally with the machine-readable third party, charge than of physically written rather, the to the right to the these and the to of this (or with based the of or or the terms of Sections and the other the of this of or based the software or, software or, that of the following: of who wrote This to or other which copyright that to containing the the Whether that what the You and of the as each copyright and of warranty; warranty; and other of the of this based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that You that or publish, that whole or another translation included without the You charge fee the physical of and Activities other than copying, and covered as whole charge to third the of this based the of or of or with and/or translated that conspicuously and You or of the or of this they its The of the The below, to such or intact the that to this and to the of the copyright the of this and based the the or or from the or thereof, to restricted, and the from the covered its option offer warranty protection fee. as the and the of with the GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION Notes
If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who those countries, that of protecting the of the free software the would other reason to this they from the of this If to the of software distributed through that to or to software through other or indirectly through then the both and this If the and/or of the restricted countries as to this which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to or countries excluded. such this the this geographical would to from of the incorporates the as written the of this whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this with the information as to the offer to and the the to and of the and of the operating which If of or offering to from the counts as of the though third or the and terminate from this their terminated as such You to this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and or the or redistribute the (or based the the or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this then offering to the from to the that normally or with the rights this who or rights, associated interface this otherwise to These actions prohibited this the that the nothing to or the or its The the of the as the distributed include or with such offer, with Subsection from the to You or the as (This allowed only to the with the based Notes to the to or The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to
If and to of the to the To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this This free software; redistribute and/or the write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or the to this to it software which everyone terms of the GNU as published the Software to the and of what to Apply These to New MA USA. Copyright (C) <year> of author> redistribute and these terms. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS Each distinguishing If the of this which to and published the Software Foundation. If the write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the option of following the and of that or of the of the free of of If to incorporate of the other free whose specify of this choose software and of promoting the and of software generally. published the Software Foundation. Notes If the interactive, this when information to and interactive BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY Copyright (C) of author The hypothetical commands and should the something other than and they mouse-clicks or You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the software, and to redistribute type with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free of the the commands items--whatever IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. (which written Inc., copyright the
freedom to and free software--to the software its authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to or that the software and To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the library, whether or fee, to the and them rights with copyright the library, and To each to clear that there warranty author's reputation affected that might introduced Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of the GNU to the the rights that You that they, The software to freedom to and This the to specially to the that they them with the restrictive from Therefore, that or the If other with the library, of software, to freedom of of free software (and charge this service wish); that of free and that that these the library. Also, the and the obtained of the with the software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other should know that what they the that the offer this which to and/or to that the freedom to of the or based the below. freedom of specified this these terms they know their rights. the library. others. things. users. to with the library. If this what If subroutine library, This incorporating to the GNU instead of this of of Notes This includes the software which apply the of the LGPL years the "EPSON the and the If to the of the LGPL please the the GNU or ("LGPL of of this of GNU LGPL PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR The of LGPL as follows and the of author The GNU as follows. You the GNU the of the LGPL SDL-1.2.13 LGPL Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the MA USA Everyone to and GNU hence the GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE of this allowed. February Preamble
the copyright or other authorized "library" of software and/or as to The "Library", below, to such software or which to library, the writing Whether that what the of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these This to software or other which associated interface the You fee the physical of and other than and covered containing the or of or with this they its The of using the distributed these based the Library" the based the of the of the distributed the terms of this restricted, and from such covered its You and of the Library's You or of the or of with (which of those as that conspicuously and "Source the of the or copyright that to and/or translated another each copyright and translation included without the to and of the library. option offer warranty protection fee. "this as and what the that the and to Library. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those with library, whether statically or library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to software only, the of people to of software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the software of non-free These there to the The terms and copying, and follow. other to non-free the reason the ordinary and the wherewithal to that of the Library. fits its of The the other with the library. with the to free Notes
instead of this to of the Library. To this, than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then This option when to of the of the Section or the terms of Sections and that it with the which distributed the of Sections and If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this that of the of the the without the Library, or the library. The instead of to this (If You and the (or or of specify that instead wish.) other Once this that the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore You to apply the of the ordinary GNU the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU ordinary GNU to and that the Library" with the that of of the Library, software to the with the the Library, and therefore the of this threshold this to precisely from that that library. these You the to that You the whole of the to charge to third If facility the to function or of to function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to Subsection that function or These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose the of this section to rights or rights to of another based the with the the sections as of whole which based the other to the whole, and to each and to that, the supply such this function optional: the supply the when the facility then that the facility, other than as written rather, the to the right to the that of the Therefore, the other the of this (or with based the Library) of or of or based the Library. function The software library. the and the of change. the of this every of who wrote Notes
offer to the that the already of these or that include and the from as the to include and of the operating which that normally the operating You that based the and such combined library, that the of Accompany the combined with of the based the with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying You with, or the as It that this the of other that normally distributed or with the together with other covered this this otherwise to both them and the together the that the terminate rights this who the of the that the Library" with, or the and the based the and of the other otherwise If of the offering to from or rights, from this their Library, with other This terminated as such distributed the of the Sections and that these things: of the already this user that from the the with written offer, least three years, to accessors, and and or length), the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that to the Sections or that You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You of this If the displays copyright notices, reference directing the to the of this Also, of the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the the user the specified Subsection charge If such and with the Library, with the the Library" with the to containing of the that the Library", as and/or that the already the rather than copying then the of the unrestricted, of whether Library, and that terms of choice, that the the with the machine-readable Section whether or they directly with the of the the customer's and containing this of the that of the with the Library. include the copyright the them, as as interface-compatible with the that the with. the to the than the of this such Section these things: Notes
If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who from to to the to or of this which to and specify choose published incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, of software and of promoting the and of software the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the those countries, that or Each distinguishing If the write to the Software Foundation; this. countries excluded. such this incorporates the The Software Foundation revised and/or of the If to incorporate of the other whose the of the free of the this geographical as written the of this the Software Foundation. generally. You to this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based with or the to these terms and rights You third If, as of or of or (whether or otherwise) that the of and other obligations, then as royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of that to the author/ of protecting the of the free software other reason to this they from the of this If Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the These actions prohibited this to or willing to software through other to the of software distributed through that You further the of the the nothing to or the or its from the to as to obligations this which implemented people This section to thoroughly clear what to would to from of the Library. whole to apply other and that choice. of the of this with this Notes PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY
You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. Notes California, Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD This includes the software "University of BSD Software Distribution END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the of BSD This from software contributed to terms of of each which of the Copyright The of the University of California. rights copyright to the BSD as follows. You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) If library, and to of the to the This software; redistribute and/or the software that everyone redistribute and to the library's and of what to Apply These Terms to New the terms of the ordinary Copyright (C) of author> found. Redistributions of the copyright this of Redistribution and and with or without that the following and the following of and the following the and/or other the of the University the of its to or products from this software without Redistributions the copyright this with the written This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or MA USA information to and
You that wrote this software. If it The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated that "this software based the of the JPEG These apply to software from or based the IJG to NOT the of IJG author's or specifically and the of this software as the of of its copyright of CA. terms of the Software Foundation; that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this acknowledge somewhere that the IJG If distributed, then the accompanying products, that warranty or the to and this software (or or publicity relating to this software or products from This included this of L. of this software only the software to as "the JPEG Group's software". NOT covered the copyright and instead the responsibility the authors NO the library. If ought to acknowledge thereof) without fee, to these than the LIABILITY of accompanying its and accuracy. as specified below. Group". (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT SUCH DAMAGE. Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG terms of of each which of the Group's software. of and the accompanying MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of README the and owner of the copyright to the This includes the software which This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. that this software please You this software whatever You to English: LEGAL ISSUES know!)
Copyright and distributed to the and as with the and as with the following to the of There warranty that or the and the of satisfactory performance, and with and as with the following to the of through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as of or This with There warranty interference with of the or July through October Copyright through March Copyright If immediately following this and to the and distributed to the with the following to the of Contributing Authors: following to the of Contributing Authors and with the following additions to the BraceySam Contributing Authors: S. Raymond Contributing Authors Tom Tom the copyright the Software Foundation freely The IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the free JPEG software. (Since arithmetic as there This the LZW the GIF than "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to with the Unisys LZW GIF reading It appears that the option of the JPEG covered The with GNU Autoconf. It The IJG included to and write GIF To its ltmain.sh). Another the that install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely GIF to that the Notes The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of this and the the that included the the terms and of the copyright to the Copyright of and copyright Copyright Copyright Inc.) This includes the software which terms of of each which of the This of the of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: the copyright to the as follows. of
through Copyright the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the Inc. following of Notes This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of terms of of each which of the MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. copyright to the as follows. of The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such the authors from the of this This software 'as-is', without or warranty. (C) and Copyright software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following plainly as such and to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this as the This Copyright or from or the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and would appreciated. The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would plainly as such, and as the software. required. If the would to The without warranty of The written and This or from include third-party Also, the PNG PNG of the and and printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative.
The and author of L. to from RFC Other authors noted the history that follows header rather than C++ from Martin Edited slightly TOC statically or If redistribute would that include the history information Notes This includes the software which warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the authors from the of this The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would This the MD5 RFC whose text This software 'as-is', without or warranty. to to this software including the terms and of the copyright to the and to and redistribute freely, to the plainly as such, and This or from of of each which of the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the Copyright (C) rights as the software. of MD5 (RFC copyright to the as follows. L. of following required. software. the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty without including without the rights to Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to The copyright and this included or publish, with and/or of the software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software This includes the software which granted, of charge, to of this terms of of each which of the of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. copyright to the as follows. of the Software. the following of The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted.
(or or Entity "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or Works" whether Source or that "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works the copyright or or Entity authorized to that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously "Contributor" and or Entity of Works of, publicly publicly and translation of Source including to of authorship. the of this Works of Copyright to the terms and of this thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work and tracking or its including to include that from, or (or each to You "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" included or attached to the the of or written to the royalty-free, copyright to the as indicated copyright that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, whom Contribution and or otherwise writing the copyright as to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. and to other types. the Work and such Works Source or incorporated within the Work. this Contribution." below). THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR as this the of the copyright WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING or otherwise to the or other this HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE ABOVE COPYRIGHT Software without written authorization. OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Notes This includes the software which the following used) as follows. of the copyright or authorized the copyright Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to otherwise, or ownership of or of the the or of such entity, whether or the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this or ownership of such entity. that the Definitions. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION
or terms and reproduction, whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise Notwithstanding the nothing or the of service or of the as of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or the of using or redistributing the Work and with Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without You copyright to and or of or such Works as This to the "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY reasonable and customary the of the Work and of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You associated with of this of You explicitly otherwise, with the stated this the of the NOTICE or such of to the and of this each charge, royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or then to You this Works thereof with or without modifications, and You other of the Work or Works copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the You to that that their Contribution(s) or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory Works that You include of the Works; within the Source or to You within such NOTICE those NOTICE text from the Work, that such You the Source of Works that You with the Works; or, within the Source or that You the following Redistribution. You and of the Work or where such to those such of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such that Work terminate as of the such as the of the Works; and You the and of this and Notes (including or otherwise, to You including indirect, or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or (such as and acts) or to writing, or of character as of this and other or such of and theory, whether tort of the of such
of warranty, indemnity, or other and/or rights with this such obligations, You only own and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and Notes To apply the to the following the that or and of included the as information. (Don't include the The text should the with the with the within third-party archives. Licensed the (the this with the APPENDIX: to apply the to Copyright of copyright owner] You of the END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS or to writing, software distributed the the the and distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the