Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates procedures which or The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the Remote or the [ESC] "Brightness" from the Indicates the items. Brightness (Boldface) Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
and The or that to the or ideas with This effective Ease of when mount easy to the and the and easy The the of the to mount This it that with the surrounding and the easy cover which mount attached to these The sophisticated and the The to turned easy. The to mount the the the the easily as The type to easy The the back of the appearance. the function that allows to the of the The and functions operated with the and of easy the mounted the tions. with and optional You the to the and and the optional which allows to and easily the optional There cleaning and easy. The and You the cover and straight of the back of when mounted the their covers the without screwdriver. off release them.
Protect to and Enhanced security The with of the with the other and Reliablity You this to people from without and restricts operation the The with the following of anti-theft security who the with anti-theft with high-resolution WUXGA (EB-Z8000WU only) Projection and Colors information the the information without You amount of to or switch Security Security Direct On/Off to Select Theatre or to tion of the this that and the where centrally, such as the tor to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. turning the off, the without to the to cool and the of each RGB Also, because the and of each RGBCMY, the with and as the matching the (EB-Z8050W only) You effective of using the "EPSON Software to
and and to the from the optional wireless LAN the wire- to from each without to You existing to the from computers. or Also, to about the the and the Connecting wirelessly to
The Security with the Security Security Function The shows the with and Functions shorten the service life. to and this to with and collects the internal to to cool the internally. If the regularly. to and to The front feet when the the foot C this to to the when the to Interface This when the this cover to or the when the from the Remote and the interface cover. the from the optional mount when through Interface cover switch mount fixing anti-theft through the these when carrying the Also, to the Function people to or the the
through this to HDMI connected to the HDMI input become when thick heavy the from disconnecting. Function The following the interface cover. information to the interface cover and and Functions Interface to the from other RGB from and input the optional and from the the this the the Remote the BNC input This the connected to the input or to the from other than the input or the BNC input or other input to and should normally used. to the with RS-232C This the from RS-232C to the optional wireless LAN (EB-Z8050W only) Wireless LAN Unit to the DVI-D This RGB from connected with HDCP DVI-D input to LAN and then to (EB-Z8000WU only) LAN and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI input from other RGB from and BNC input Function to LAN and then to (EB-Z8050W only) LAN from input from input C
The of the and whether they flashing EB-Z8050W. EB-Z8000WU or the of the The Function and Functions Rear Corrects If while which items and the or displayed, and these buttons the You the to completely Press this to or the If when the displayed, to the the function. which items and Corrects If while the or displayed, and these buttons the to cool the internally. Also, this cover to the Function cover) displayed, and the selection and the Tracking, and If of RGB the or to the to the and the to and to The when the the Rear foot that become warped or and or the otherwise affected heat the while to the Press this to through the and to the input that connected to the and [Source Search] from the these to the cover. cover C
Remote the On or Function and Functions
Press to the Function the On or Function and Functions this the optional and from the the the Remote and the which shows to with they Press to the Press to the ID. [ID] to from the input to from the BNC input [BNC] C and the to from the input [Computer] to from the input Each the pressed, the this to IP from the Network, and this to IP IP from the Network, and buttons Press to the the optional wireless receiver, this the the displayed, and the selection and the or to the displayed, selects items and the or The the without the The reduces the of that the displayed, to the the function. If when the [ESC] Press to the or unpaused. buttons You the to completely Each this the or the using the optional wireless receiver, the buttons. Acts as when the optional wireless receiver. buttons Acts as right when the optional wireless receiver. the Tracking, and If of RGB to the The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect]
the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch items. the Press to assign item from the Function and Functions This function when EB-Z8000WU. this switch to ID the ID switch to of Network Projection. (EB-Z8050W only) [LAN] assigned as the light when to the input that connected to the and [Search] the DVI-D and HDMI input the pressed, the [DVI-D/HDMI] light-emitting Remote
Functions This chapter and the Security
Corner and correction while to connecting or other This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. Corner Correcting Distortion the There of correcting as below. You easy This allows to manually the and buttons and the corrections using the using Corner to as below, the corrected accurately. the to the shown below when and the The to the top or The to the Corner and and The to buttons pressed, H/ buttons the the the correction selected from the the correction choose and and correction assigned to the when the become The correction properly to the the correction. about the when the
Correcting Distortion with Corner Correcting Distortion the Projected Press the button, and then from the the the the Procedure C the the or the buttons the to the to and then the and Press the to the selection from Select Corner", and then the which of the four corners.
Correcting Distortion the selecting the displayed. from the to to Corner the correction to buttons the from the when when the buttons the and and the to the correction and as to corners. buttons To the the the and or the the If the the the as shown the screenshot below, the further that
correcting with Corner, the following displayed. If the about seconds while Correcting Distortion the Corner: the of Corner Switch to Switches the correction to H/
Network Projection from connected to the LAN (EB-Z8050W only): The HDMI and the input from the The input from Source Search You the the following the connected, playback this operation. the the Remote when input. Procedure You the buttons to to the input directly to the and the Projected (Source Search) or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. input when the [Source You the as input with Search] the Remote or the DVI-D C BNC
You directly to the the following buttons the Remote Switch to the Remote or when found. You connected. If about seconds, the the input where the to displayed when only the that the currently The following showing the of the Projected Remote to from the input to from the input C to from the input LAN displayed the when EB-Z8050W. the pressed, the displayed the DVI-D and HDMI input to of Network Projection. (EB-Z8050W only) This function when EB-Z8000WU. to from the BNC input
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Functions Projection Remote the that to surroundings when You easily the selecting The of the the selected. bright This the brightest bright Application The displayed the the If the while the the to the The the from the tone Theatre or The and brought to life. TV bright input) Sports such as bright The and brought RGB) input) The when Theatre or selected. Select Customized to R,G,B,C,M,Y from the that to the
the to the brightness of the it and Functions Enhancing Projection the Iris the the Remote Procedure the the Press the and Iris from the the Procedure the buttons, the or The each Select On. the closed and operations the to from the about the and off automatically. If to If while the closed, the and to off the the C Press the to the Iris when the to On Iris Theatre or Customized to the the the the when from You this when to the what or to such as the Temporarily
The and the the Aspect Ratio when connected that that recorded or the Aspect Ratio when of Aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio from without photo. Also, operations such as the function activated Functions Enhancing Projection Remote Procedure Remote Procedure If the while the or The to back the while and to displayed, the or from the where while used. cleared. the button, or off. The aspect using Aspect the from the The Aspect the pressing the If the while the Aspect the to the Aspect Each the pressed, the aspect the Normal, and Native. the Aspect
Functions Normal Native C
You the aspect of input from the Computer, BNC, DVI-D, or HDMI input as follows. The aspect ratio of the mounted the the Aspect to the Aspect Functions Enhancing Projection input the Aspect of the input to the the input Computer, DVI-D, or BNC) Normal input to the Aspect of aspect based information from the input. when the input HDMI)
input Functions input the input to the ratio that as the aspect the projected.
input input Operation This clear of the the of the input to the of the of the projected. If the the Native Functions Enhancing Projection If of the or everything, or Normal from the the of the
the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Functions Enhancing Projection Function Shape from the or You choose from three of the Procedure the the appears or
to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Functions Remote C Remote Procedure to to The ratio appears the The selected when such as If selected, and Reduction the to through the or Each the pressed, the expanded. You holding the You reduce the the Press the [ESC] to
the ID with of the the ID Remote ID: ID: ID switch: On Combinations tion of the of the when ID the and the the to the with matching ID. This when ID and ID switch On, and the with the match, ID: of the ID the or the The the ID switch the of the You ID the within of to to the You ID the within of to The The following shows the of ID and ID. Remote to from the the ID. ID: ID switch: On matches the to On, and ID the switch with the ID, the ID: Combinations tion Remote ID: ID switch: On of of the the ID switch the to the ID the with the ID: with the ID of the the ID Remote ID: ID: ID switch: On Remote ID: ID switch:
the following to the ID. Checking the ID of the of the when the ID the ID switch to On. Procedure the the Remote ID" from the the and the Procedure while holding the [ID] the Remote Choose the ID to and the C Press the to the the buttons, the ID the It about three seconds.
The ID the the to them and the ID retained. However, the to the (ID0). of the of the when the ID the ID switch to On. Procedure to match the ID of the While holding the [ID] to to Once this the that operated the
the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Correcting Correction manually the and tone of each and that the from each match closely. Press the and from the the to "On". Procedure Iris On On to and to Iris Iris while this function activated. the and tone match completely correction. the function when the of each to the selected, the of the selected You correcting from or lighter correcting to or to C Select to corrected displayed. to the to the displayed the and the each the the the to the the to the the correction and from Correct the brightness with Brightness Correct. brightest from from corrections the and to the following to You from to white to and each You correction when from You the to them of these the following Correct the Correcting To to ID the and the ID the the ID and the ID. Summary of Correction Procedure You the to them match closely Correct. (G/R) and Correct. (B/Y). Correcting the and the Correcting Correct. (G/R) and Correct. (B/Y). each the the
Correcting the correction and corrections the procedures to corrections finished. corrections finished, the to the
Background, and from Protect On to to the the of the the following the prohibited. the Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Network Protect On Network to the prohibited. Network Protect You people the the without Operation The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft the about The Protect displayed. seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Procedure anti-theft as the At Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as Protect activated, people who know the the to the the of purchase, Protect activated. Protect) Remote and turned (this to Direct On). If On Protect On to the the On Protect The following three of Protect to the used. of Protect
If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions the the the as further theft On Protect Select and then the On and then the Press the [ESC] Turn On Protect. the displayed, the using the buttons the Remote If the incorrectly, prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the the Protect Select and then the button. On Select and then the Press the [ESC] C Turn Protect. Turn Network Protect. While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure the buttons. The as While holding the four the The the this to If the The the displayed, and then the fourth the displayed. Select and then the shown Network Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the [ESC] the
the locked, the of the following to the buttons the as that appears the and the and then the switches to If this If incorrect three the that the the and Service the from the outlet and then If the of the The operation locked. about and the back The displays the Security Functions operations from the including turning the of the buttons the locked. You or off. of the buttons the the locked. thirty the following and The the If to the operation and input the locked. as from the the and the the the Remote Procedure The following of with the Restricting This function buttons the related to the operation to it properly This useful or shows when to or when to operation.
This function the following buttons the related to the operation. Security Functions Select or to from the the Press the button, and the the Remote Procedure The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. From the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the the from the released. You release the of the following
the often mounts and the includes the following security to from the Anti-Theft Security Functions The Security with the Security Security the You about the www.kensington.com/ Security theft-prevention through the to the to or Select "On". the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the The buttons related to the operation to the chose.
This chapter to the and its
the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions RGB Function You the of the to surroundings. You the Brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the (This item selected selected as the from the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. only when NTSC input You the Tint. You the light and the You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness
C You the and brightness of each (red), C (This item displayed when selected as the from the (This item displayed selected as the from the (This item selected selected as the from the You the of each individually. You choosing of the following. individually. Function of Functions (This when the the to Theatre or and whether or On to to the light to Iris You the to their To items to their The each
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions RGB/ RGB You whether or On the to the when the when to or Function Normal If the correctly when this to the You specify the This when connected fixed. The of the input identified. or to Normal or You the and right when of the that the whole projected. You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking CG, animated and recorded to the only when input. This when RGB input.) IP each field the This with amount of pull-down, to the of the This
Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when (This when RGB input) which such as Reduction Function of Functions You input from input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected the DVI-D input or HDMI input connected to DVD the to the DVD (This when RGB input) player's DVI/HDMI If appear correctly when this to the to the connected If the input to the You input from input or BNC input You the Scaling (the of The of to or You when the input HDMI. selected, the switched to or to the input the effective when the connected the HDMI (This when RGB input) You the to their To items to their You the Aspect Ratio Aspect
of Functions buttons the to to and and the Corrects and Select of or You Corner Selects and corrects the four corners of the Function You this to of the You this to the of the to Remote or the Remote light too to to the to or that interference. You the reception of the from the selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and the rotation ECO Select the too bright such as when or ECO reduced. about about You the brightness to Normal or ECO. You the of the Shape You the item assigned from the with the Remote the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch You of the following Info, and items to the
the that the without other While the To the the [ESC] the or the displayed, and correction Function of Functions You the to their To items to their Overheating and other such as when there input, and when On or when Source, (EB-Z8000WU only): You Normal or the of the and other You whether or On the (the displays when the Background You the when to Black or The following the when this item to You related to the or Aspect. displayed. Function You the that displayed as background Background or You from the following to the the Rear Rear/Upside
You from the following to the the Direction Function Normal of Functions On when this item to this the of recovery with this to to On the the off within the with the this to to this On On to the of purchase. and to the to On this when input and operations to because, the mounted the or somewhere to reach, back BNC Termination the termination the from the BNC input This should to to On this item to Normal to the with the selected, the with other to this EB-G5350/G5200W/G5100). This to On this off the the closed. Remote Normal You or the type of to that already with to the High to On when the of Direct On On You whether or to Direct On. when (75) termination such as switchers necessary. of to priority.) You SNMP to and the of the the or using the software You the functions that and the of the the when the Communication On this to with this You whether or On to Notice. this to On and the detected, the the Notice this to On, the and brightness of from of the the ID within of to that ID ID You from to white to and each of these Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You the the of each Brightness Correct. Corrects the the brightness of each On Iris to Brightness Correct. and Correct.
Function You the of Functions Protect On to Protect, relating to You Protect to You and Notice from the to their To items to their High and Remote Network (EB-Z8000WU only) Network Protect On Protect to and the You Network Protect to
Function IP You input the IP assigned to the DHCP You whether or to DHCP. If this to On You Wired LAN of Functions You from to each field of the the following used. Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the the function that allows to and the the to when and the You to characters. You from to each of the the following Gateway used. to (where from to MAC You the MAC the to when the using software. You to characters. To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Trap IP Trap IP You to as the SNMP You SNMP SNMP
this or the information the of the "Reading Function" Function of Functions when or warning You to three You to The from from You the and the of the to You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You the SMTP characters the to You whether or to If this to SMTP You input the IP the SMTP the On the connected to this to to allow the to AMX Discovery this to the connected to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery the to the when connected to You the Network to their To items to their and then the holding the the Remote and the buttons. and the following software displayed. the the to the to the the to input. Press the to input. the [CAPS] selected, and and Each the [SYM1/2] selected, and the the section the
Network Protect On Protect to displayed and the You Network Protect to Network (EB-Z8050W only) of Functions Wireless LAN Security Wired LAN Others and The following items. Network Function the of connected to the the and the This function You easily to such as security Operation
Selecting from the top and and of selected items the as operations the Notes operating the of Functions to the and of or or to the Network to the without the Network the and the Network the Network The items that input of alphanumerics this the following software displayed. the the to the to the and then the to the holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to input. and the or Soft operations
of Functions this selected, and the the section the this selected, and and the to the when connected to editing, to characters. Function to when the software. You to characters.
to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the the Function of Functions On to to the when to the to On Normally this should to "Connecting to Network and Projecting" from from the Wireless LAN when the optional wireless LAN to to the wireless LAN connected to the to the wireless LAN treated as connected. LAN using WPS Protected wireless LAN, easily the to the and security Protected the connected to with Projection, that permanently connected Function the wireless LAN strength. SSID. SSID the wireless LAN which the the SSID. You to characters. SSID the wireless LAN Wireless LAN
Function You whether or On to DHCP If this to On DHCP of Functions You input from to each field of the the following IP used. You input the IP assigned to the to (where from to IP You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each of the the following Gateway used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID the MAC MAC
the optional wireless LAN and it recommended that security. Security when the optional wireless LAN of Functions EAP EAP and authentication These such as EAP-TLS which WPA includes authentication WPA authentication authentication or authenticating WPA /WPA2: This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA security, follow the instructions from the of the about to access. and without This the without This the encrypted the and the match. authentication, LEAP which and and EAP-TTLS. this "TKIP" and "AES". WEP encrypted with (WEP Select of the following security Security Function of security CA EAP-TLS Authentication EAP-TTLS/MD5 EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2
Authentication PEAP/EAP-GTC of Functions If using EAP, to the that match the authentication with to and CA to the of and CA to the These with EAP-TLS. RADIUS LEAP WEP selected Function The following items You the WEP encoding. WEP
ASCII The of the encrypted WEP with text the with the the which the and then to "ASCII". You the input the WEP encrypted HEX Format Function of Functions If the of characters shorter than the character length, character encrypted. If the of characters WEP the which the The type of character and the that to the You the WEP the characters following instructions from the than the character length, characters that the encrypted. ASCII alphanumerics, characters. ASCII alphanumerics, characters. HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters Format and Selects the WEP ID ID Encryption Encryption Encryption Encryption to with authentication. You Authentication WEP encoding. Shared Authentication WEP Authentication WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected
Function The following items of Functions You than characters the from than characters. You Pre-Shared (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the Shared and the pressed, the and as PSK (Encryption The following items EAP-TLS selected EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, or EAP-FAST/GTC selected Function Function Information the displayed. You The following items by/Validity You than characters the from than characters. You to authentication characters You to characters. Operation You than characters the from than characters. You authentication characters. You to characters. the and the pressed, the and as
of Functions Wired LAN You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP Function On You whether or to DHCP On If this to DHCP You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You input from to each field of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP the MAC MAC
this or the information the of the of Functions You input from to each field of the However, the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP Function On You whether or to Notification You input the of the to the to. You to three You to characters the You than characters the from than characters. You the or to about the selected or warning the to the specified notifying that or occurred. You items from the items. You input the the SMTP The You input to
of Functions Others To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should to (where from to You to the SNMP You input from to each field of the the following IP used. Function Trap IP 1/Trap IP On the connected to this to to allow the to AMX Discovery this to to with from AMX or AMX Discovery. AMX Discovery the Wireless LAN or Wired LAN Priority gateway
of the of Functions Function the the appears. To of the
the of the and the of the Items that the as shown the following screen shots. Info Only) of Functions RGB/ reaches the warning the characters yellow. You the operating Function displayed, the operating normally. "Reading the Indicators". You the of the to the Source. You the Source the connected currently Source You the of the The following the of the You the Lighted This Info about that occurred the This information service required. This information service required. You the Info. Info You the Refresh Rate Refresh Rate
Function the of The as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and The following items to their items Network and You items the to their Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
C Confirm the selection. Remote If with the the displayed to the You the the and as shown the below. The displayed. Press the Remote Procedure Press the to Select If the to the to Remote
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the These the operating of the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. function warm-up. Warming or while the flashing. the this Indicates the operating Indicates the operating of wireless LAN when the optional wireless LAN connected. (EB-Z8050W only) Indicates the internal Indicates the C
If off, that the correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they Indicates the or or flashing Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service using the the from the and or the the and Service The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the or High (overheating) Cool Direction to or when the to or If the checking the the the from the and or the the and Service of or High to On the both and they cracked. the following If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the Clean the
to of the replaced). If cracked with or further If the yourself, or Direction to or when the to or upward. If the checking the the the from the and or the the and Service that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or the following High On of or to Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service Iris flashing or o to the Flashing The indicated flashing or with If to the the passed, the that the both together to and brightness of increases. it with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning or the indicated the flashing or and cracked. the following Clean the Warn- Warning
If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and turn the If cracked the and the or Direction to or when the to or upward. If cracked with or further the burned-out as as High On of or to If the yourself, to of the from the and or the the If the though the Stop the The automatically off about that there and Service The "The clogged. Clean or the displayed. the following that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the further.) If the clogged, or Flow that the securely Flow The or Notice" when Notice to On the If the with tobacco and cleaned, with If the the using the the from the and or the the and Service If the Flow to cleaning the the with to the Clean or the displayed. Clean the Notice If the indicated this Stop using the the from the and or the the and Service If the operating properly, though the showing to the
"The Remote Other If of the following and the offer to the each the the "I to the and "Nothing appears the Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing projected. displayed" relating to appear" such as interference, or white "Interference or appear appear. "The "Not supported" displayed." or of "Projection automatically" displayed." of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and The whole appears purplish or white, the and the appearing the appear and on...(Computer and LCD performance, that the match, this of "The or or the aspect right" when appear supplied"
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the the Remote to active? Press the to the the the to the the connected input such as completely of the the correct? when from the correct? the completely when the to only. when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the Press the to turn the If to the to On to The off about that there that the securely installed. the
The "Not supported" displayed. to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the "Supported Displays" the to the the connected the and the Refresh Rate to the when from the correct? when displayed. that the to Turn the the and the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory If the to the LCD or to the accessory to If the while the of the or already turned the function the to as as the Computer's title such as or "Connecting off and then back the the [Source Search] the Remote or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the correctly? Turn the the the the or when from or with built-in LCD the to the Press the the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too of the recommended within the recommended the the
appear the the about hour used. If the the of the and this the to If the from to or the off and the to disappear. the the to the the connected Interference or appear when from the correct? If the correctly using the Press the the Remote or the the to and Tracking from the Tracking If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the "Supported Displays" the and "Tracking correctly? when when the selected? the to the the connected Press the [Aspect] the Remote to aspect the input the aspect correctly? The or or the aspect projected? when Press the the Remote or the the to from other while from the when the projected. If the correctly the from the correctly? Press the [ESC] the Remote to the
If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the the from connected to the or BNC input the following to the the the input match the from the the that the output with the Displays" when when the selected? right the and from the from connected to the or input the from the the correctly? the Brightness from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the from the correctly? the and correctly? the Brightness and from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? the from the correctly? when from appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the
when There the or the the If this the the the from the and or the the and Service the turn and off when the touched? The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. and then the the switched off? Press the to the the the switch to On, the to with matching ID. ID switch to the ID switch the of the to On? Direct On On the operation to the when to the back Press the to the back the back or the turned immediately Direct Press the the Remote If to the to the to the Remote from the Remote the the selected? If the or cover incorrectly, the turned the cover and correctly?
The Remote Other the location where light the receiver. the to from the or light from the Remote the from the the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the the Remote the light-emitting towards the the when operated? of the ID the ID switch the of the to the ID the to and the ID the match. To the ID and the ID matched? the Remote the Remote Remote match the that the from the and the the connected, the light-emitting or the the optional connected to the or to the the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? The that displayed from the or BNC input input from other than the or BNC input Nothing appears the the from the the to the and
the If the or the the and Service the to abnormality and the to To the function when the Communication On from the to Communication On of to the the it correctly. function correctly the that or functioning correctly. to the
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
and from the from the and from the from the front of vertically or each shown below. Also, this to The mounted or as from from front of when the to correctly, the This or mount) or upward. If or the the and Service to this Warning directly directly the screws from and or and mount. This serious to the mounting the the to screws from or things such as or or the mount, to If the mount fixing to the to from such as through the the the crack causing to from its mount and the optional mount when the from the Direction properly the to the the other than those shown the the of installation. following The Projection from the malfunctions and shortens the operating of the or the
Clean the and the when the following displayed or the flashing Cleaning the You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning If the with tobacco cleaned. If collects the the internal of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately this it with when the displayed. "Clean or the to the containing to or which This of the fire the high of to such as the or of the the Cleaning the Warning lightly. If brushed too strongly, ground the the or using cleaning, with and and containing amount of and then wring If the the cloth with the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. confirmation the off the and the the and and the while the the cover. Procedure cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Cleaning If the too become to and cracks. the from the front C the the the four or to off the With the front (the with of the facing Turn and the other the
Cleaning Press the cover clicks the cover. If displayed, cleaning, to the with
This section to the Remote the and the them with AA ready. You that the becoming this If the of the Remote or other the AA the Remote Press the cover clicks C the cover. the of the and the to the the the Instructions the While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Instructions Procedure the with batteries.
The or to the using Normal: About hours ECO: About hours turn the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the appears, the with as as If to the the passed, the that the increases. the The to appear the following to the and of the The the displayed the of the when It to the when: appears. You should the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the ready they the indicated the flashing or The flashes The when the from the and used, fire, the they there that the and should to the of the or the If or reassembled that the If the of which the should cover, the cover gently. shock, or to the Warning
C the the to and further If the cracked, with or the straight the cooled sufficiently the about hour the turned off the to cool cover. If the burns or other It enough. both together to the there and brightness of the off the and the the the front of the together to release the cooled sufficiently the lock. the releases, the cover straight removing the the back of the Procedure the the the that fits and the clicks the
the securely. If the the Please or recycling. off as If the or the This includes that mercury cover correctly, the of with The records the turned and the and turning the the following and when to the displayed the and the counter. the Select and then the Press the cover the and to the right the cover. clicks. the operating If and the the count to 0H. the the
the The displayed though the cleaned. The turned brown. It to the when: to the C the the off the and the the cover and and the cover while the the cover. The when the from Procedure the
Press it clicks the cover. of properly with of the of the
to (Projection to (Projection to (Projection to to (Projection rear ELPLR04 ELPLS04 ELPLM07 ELPLM06 Short ELPLW04 ELPLL07 to to to to to The following optional and Please of to without and optional and as of: purchase these products as and when The following of the country of purchase. Optional and This the as the with the ELPKC02 Optional The They to ratio EB-Z8050W EB-Z8000WU of these the with the too ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC19 of to the from and Service to this or the the when the ELPMB26 High mount ELPMB25 mount this to the or to while this to from the from to Remote ELPKC28 Wireless ELPST16 this to from wireless LAN. Wireless LAN ELPAP03 EB-Z8050W)
Optional and ELPLP52 (one-pack) ELPLP51 as as ELPAF23
shock, and to the securely to from the that the Notes when and To to impacts when There and the the as follows. Notes Transportation Checking the following and then the Turn off the to the and the cover to the the foot. Nearby people to or the the Transporting the the that the mount when purchased the built-in If the the The and the the protective that the of purchase. the option other than the the Nearby", the following and then the
displayed and the You Protect Protect On If from to Protect to You the that currently as the erased. C "Choose this as the displayed, If selected when Aspect, or the function currently the to as the and then the the the Remote Procedure the the Remote or the the to the as to the of the Select from the the the buttons and the operations they the the
Select the factor from the the to the of the to as the the this as the The the the "Completed." displayed. displayed, only when using EB-Z8000WU. Once the the approximately seconds. the or connected while otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the Remote You to "Select this displayed,
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-Z8050W only) From "Wireless LAN" "To the and the the This recommended when the SSID and security when the and together. There WPS. recommended when the mounted the the and to the with the This SSID and security that assigned to the from the to the the to this PIN The following screen displayed. Network "Network from the the and Procedure connecting the follow the below. to using the PIN when the "PIN the Select Procedure The Network displayed.
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-Z8050W only) This the The displayed. Press the or the button. Press the the when prompted the It to the Wireless LAN Select from C Press the the when prompted the Then, the displayed.
WPS Protected with LAN Access (EB-Z8050W only) The PIN displayed. This the of the the and the Press the to the the PIN displayed the "PIN from the to the and then using the "PIN already the and the the PIN The displayed. Select "PIN Procedure
WPS Protected with Wireless LAN Access (EB-Z8050W only) This the of the the and the Press the to the C The Protected displayed. Press the or the Wireless LAN It to the Select from
Top to to the with optional To the the following to attached. optional attached, the The following shows the when the reference. and Projection Units: Top to to Screen the from the of the to the of the This the Projection of C Units: Top to to Units: Top to to of EB-Z8000WU
Top to to Screen Top to to and Projection of EB-Z8050W Units: Top to to Units: Top to to Units: Top to to
The interface from the following with 100BASE-TX or 10BASE-T LAN the of (The following EB-Z8000WU) Connecting LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN LAN To LAN To LAN C
when the RGB input from or BNC displayed and the the the with the This that Connecting to such as the or and BNC input to connected to the input other than input and or to the with To To C
the front cover. Removing and Attaching the Unit If or the of the and malfunction. If the the to the the when necessary. If or the to the section with hand or the C the of the and counterclockwise. the fixing screws. the cover straight C the fixing screw. the interface cover. Procedure While the interface switch, the interface cover straight the fixing screw.
Removing and the Unit clockwise locked. that the While holding the firmly, the the straight as released. Attaching the straight the insertion section with the white the top. the when the insertion section facing or the Procedure
Removing and the Unit the cover the the and malfunctions or the of If the without the and the with the the front cover to the the fixing screws. C the front cover. the cover the the interface cover. Tighten the fixing screws. C the fixing screw.
Flow Flow Reading Notification Function The IP the where the The of the where the occurred and of the Subject: EPSON occurred. On the function to and warning the the following that the the the or input to the turned Cooling Flow Flow shows the that the each To The of the The following with problems/warnings, "Reading the Indicators" the The informed the and Warning Warning. Warning. Cooling The the Warn. Warning Notice Clean Iris Iris related Though this used, the Warning Warning or appears the of the with occurred The Indicates and (both High Warning High-speed cooling High (Overheating) and The Warning Warning Warning (both
the ON transmitted to the the and the turned ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Connector input RS-232C Command Item command input, the the and and then the command. If the terminates abnormally, and <At the (PC <At the SOURCE BF BNC SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE B1 RGB SOURCE RGB SOURCE PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF Function ground GND SOURCE A0 HDMI SOURCE B4 SOURCE DVI-D SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF MUTE ON On On/Off TD RD (CR) to the of each and
Flow length: Parity: ESC/VP21 Commands
network-compatible as of their to and Information Association) as Class1 established the JBMIA About Class1, and confirmed the It with commands the following commands The with the Class1 established the JBMIA. URL: Non-compatible commands and Command Function Command Source AVMT INPT information EPSON INPT BNC INPT INPT INPT DVI-D INPT HDMI "Product information Z8000WU Z8050W
EB-Z8000WU Units: RGB) XGA VGA SVGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate WSXGA+ WXGA WXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19
Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Supported Units: MAC21 when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. when Normal selected as the from the the VGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input. Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Units: Aspect Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Native Normal
Units: from the HDMI/DVI-D input Aspect Refresh Rate Supported XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA Native SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input.
EB-Z8050W Supported Units: RGB) VGAEGA VGA SVGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA WXGA+ WSXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19
Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Supported Units: MAC21 when other than those input, that the supported. when Normal selected as the from the the VGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Units: Aspect Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Native Normal
Units: from the HDMI/DVI-D input Aspect Refresh Rate Supported WXGA XGA SXGA VGA SVGA Native SXGA+ UXGA WUXGA when VESA CVT-RB(Reduced input.
EB-Z8000WU EB-Z8050W Product Specifications Specifications WUXGA (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) including section) Polysilicon TFT active (Communication On): 11.2W (Communication 0.3W 942W UHE ELPLP52 100-240V AC to 4.5A supply (Communication On): 10.2W (Communication 0.3W 938W to (Communication On): 13.1W (Communication 0.5W 877W to +60C to 45C to Approx. On): 12.0W (Communication 0.5W 872W to The specifications when attached. optional attached, the with the optional The operating to +40C when to "Normal" of to
Specifications Connectors HDMI HDCP CEC incompatible HDMI DVI-D HDCP DVI-D DIN input 5BNC BNC 1BNC input RJ-45 LAN The connected to and from HDMI and DVI-D input from This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. projected. USB A) the wireless LAN Wireless LAN RS-232C Remote DNX ICs this of the shown the or
The software with the that the following Conditions the Software Specifications Professional SP4/ XP Edition Edition NT4.0 editions SP1 SP2 or later/Windows XP Professional SP2 or later/Windows editions Recommended: II or MMX or Network Projection SP4/XP/XP SP1/XP SP2/XP SP1 Recommended: OS or OS or OS Recommended: or III or PC G3 or or CPU or greater than SVGA of than greater than XGA 64MB or Recommended: 512MB or 256MB or Amount of Memory 50MB or 20MB or rights to when the following or
FCC United States Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers Specifications that interference installation. If the to try to the interference or reception, which turning the off and This tested and found to with the this interference to or interference to there Class to of the FCC and and, These to reasonable protection and with the instructions, interference installation. This of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the to which the connected. expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Each to the interference received, including interference that to the to the following this with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class responsibility that the tested and found to with the Records interference, and this operation. established the FCC this It the responsibility of the If this than interface the FCC or Declaration of this to and shielded interface with this to interfaces. or The of non-shielded interface to this the the and interference which the authority to the WARNING H265C/H266C LCD of Product: EPSON
Appearance from of to fixing of Units:
This section easily that with the and terms that the text of this to other publications. AMX Discovery AMX to AMX easy operation of the this and to the function (ON). the AMX URL AMX Discovery The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio which the and to quality. to that of three and (Aspect Aspect Ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that contained the that the and together. The type of commonly household to The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to Network. DHCP sound Normal that which to this rear and encrypting DVI and HDMI protected HDCP with this the DVI-D and HDMI input with HDCP. the to HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights protected with updated or of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and (or Aspect Ratio of HDTV This (router) to Gateway (Gateway Address) of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and to connected to Network. IP
The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and Refresh Rate of whereby the from from top to to international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to Definition that to which the HDTV SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP Network. SNMP High-Definition The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the and interference This that the of the from the IP type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of The of matching the of these (the of the If Tracking The from If the match this the correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP
and the of the Microsoft Corporation of their respective owners. and rights those Other and or already IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International or of Macintosh, and of Apple Inc. the United States of America and other countries and areas. Microsoft Corporation the United States and other and DNX of Inc. of and affiliated Notice photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of or transmitted or mechanical, information Neither Corporation. with to the of the rights of this reproduced, from the of the information Notes unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights as Products or Products Corporation. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those The of this or updated without further this and the The following acts the Telegraphy Act. and (including the IEEE band) Removing the of Wireless Telegraphy Regulations