Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the and the
This allows to the This useful the to the Turn the and off or from cool easy to easy height with and Projection, and "Correcting manually" Connecting with USB and (USB USB from computer's "Projecting with USB without Increasing (WXGA) (EB-W18 only) Functions Detecting and correcting aspect. You whiteboards and other the Aspect Ratio of the Projected With that WXGA LCD the the This corrects which when positioning or the "Correcting automatically"
You and using the optional and with the USB and or (PC connecting to and using the software supplied, of the who the Protect to and users Protect)" "Optional Accessories" Enhanced security You USB or to the and The with of built-in functions to such as the off and while the by. functions to wasting electricity "ECO of such as or Without (PC to the You this to people without "Restricting and The with the following of anti-theft security with anti-theft Security "Anti-Theft Security Function the power-saving the On ECO to from the that the power-saving the of the when the brightness switched to ECO ECO brightness. the or optional wireless LAN and to wireless LAN the following become Connecting to wireless LAN and of the You the as to You the to operations such as to or as the the of the the Wireless LAN Unit" the to the of the Function
Wirelessly Network Projection. You Network Projection You from the following Wireless to the and the the wireless and the Wireless USB to only) the optional from the USB Projecting from If iProjection" these from location, from the or wirelessly the which or from incurred when with the You iProjection" free from the or or the responsibility of the customer.
the to and the A/V A/V Function of the this using of EB-X24 otherwise mentioned. and Functions such as the foot to the the of the foot when the to the closing the and the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V sound. A/V Press the foot to and the front the foot. Foot C from the Remote the the "Correcting the the (EB-X24/EB-W18/EB- X18 only) The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security to cool the internally. "Cleaning the and the cover. the cover the to cool the internally. Function Corrects the "Correcting manually" when the the cover near the and that become or heat the from the While or burns, or to
Rear Screw to the cover Function and Functions Fixing Screw USB memory or and Without (PC or PC USB-A Connects the to the "From to Projection" Function the optional Wireless USB the Wireless USB the or optional Wireless LAN the Wireless LAN Unit" This screw the wireless LAN cover. the optional Wireless LAN fixing screw C
the to using USB with USB and the the USB-B Function and Functions Connects the to USB the Remote to the to the Wireless function. from connected to the the or the from and computers. This from HDMI "Connecting with HDCP HDMI from and from other from the Remote the optional Mount when the the from Function "Optional Accessories" (three mount fixing from through and the Security
such as to and the to the Rear C Function and Functions such as the foot to the the of the foot to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" displayed, and the selection and If while RGB from the the or the and to the Function [Source Search] the allowing to and "Correcting manually" buttons C displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the the
and the which shows to with they the Function and Functions If when the displayed, it the to the the EB-X24/EB-W18/EB-X18 Decreases the Increases the the function. or buttons Corrects the when the displayed. displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the the of the the of the the EB-S18 and the the "From to Projection" the or off. "Reading the Indicators" Indicates the the
displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the Function "From to Turns the or off. Function and Functions items, and assign to this button. selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to Select item from the the the assigned item one-touch Acts as when the Wireless the Remote to the function. the pressed, the through the and HDMI C If while RGB from the and to from the [Computer] Protect" the buttons such as when using the to the the Wireless function (Wireless the following assigned as the buttons the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the [Aspect] this and the buttons to Protect" and numbers. and the the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V PC these buttons displays the previous/next or reduces the without the of the with USB USB buttons using PC these buttons displays the previous/next the and "PC operating the of the that pushed. Wireless function, the the Remote to the (Wireless the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and buttons You the Projection as follows the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling
and the which shows to with they the Function and Functions the or Function the on-screen the Decreases the Increases the If when the displayed, the to the Acts as right when using the the Remote to the (Wireless function. the function. Each the pressed, the "Selecting the Quality (Selecting Switches to the from the connected [LAN] from the connected to the USB-A the pressed, through the following USB [USB] to the input that and the (Source Search)" light- [Source Search]
the of the and the to the the If the of the or that the other the AA or batteries. AA or ready. You becoming this them with the and If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the Press the cover clicks the cover. the following the Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the with
Remote operating and Functions
the This chapter to the and
of when the If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This serious to the mount the screws from and or and cover the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. from mount). If correctly, the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the and the causing and Warning the to the of the location. The the following four the (Rear from tion) from front of the the its This malfunctions to and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling projection) front of and from the from the The Projection You from Rear to from the You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling optional mount when the "Optional Accessories" from the as follows.
and Projection the the right to the to the The the shortest the from the to the the following information the If the to the the that to the the the the reduced. and Projection EB-W18 If the the the the following the to the "Correcting Distortion" the following the the "Correcting Distortion"
EB-S18 the EB-X24 EB-X18
The location, and the connected. this section of EB-X24. Connecting the to the You from the the the to the To from the of the following using the or USB the Connecting the HDMI to the HDMI You the with the the USB to the USB-B You the with the HDMI C You USB to the to to from the This function USB with USB
To from DVD players or VHS and to the using of the following Connecting Sources Connecting the the to the the the to the You from the the the to the the the to the input You output from the the the to the using or HDMI C the optional "Optional Accessories" the HDMI the to the HDMI You the with the
Turn off the to to the If the input when to the If the or of the to force The or malfunction. malfunction. Connecting If the to to the with the or optional to to the Connecting USB Devices You such as the optional USB memory, and USB and the USB with the USB the USB to the USB-A the the USB connected, the USB memory or PC "PC
If USB the correctly. Devices such as and USB should connected to the directly. connecting and using the AC with the or to the USB with or specified with the USB than three length. If the three PC function correctly. Connecting finishing USB from the such as or off the and then from the Removing USB
the or optional wireless LAN the Wireless LAN Unit Connecting to the wireless LAN, from the "Wireless LAN If normally the wireless LAN the wireless LAN as theft the wireless LAN to the USB-A the wireless LAN cover, and with the screw. cross-head screwdriver to the screw that the wireless LAN cover. the the wireless LAN and cover reasons. to the Wireless LAN first, and then the the optional USB USB to the USB-A the Wireless USB the wireless LAN to the USB-A
Turn the and then the [LAN] the The LAN displayed. Connecting that the SSID and IP information the LAN and then the Wireless LAN the Wireless USB to the USB-A the USB the "Network information displayed, the USB the LAN the the Wireless USB to the the from the with the Wireless USB
This chapter to and
the A/V Turn This section the connecting the to with the and From to Projection Projecting The the turning off the the used. the with the the (function and the to the output from the the the from the to the first, and then the to the If the projected, the of the following "Automatically and the Press the [Source Search] the or the (Source Search)" the the necessary. "Correcting Distortion" "Switching to the Remote Press the the the "Correcting the the to the with the the to outlet with the cord. Turn the
The following while input. Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) Press the [Source Search] to from the currently the the LAN or connected, the [Source Search] the projected. connected, playback this operation.
You USB to the to to from the with USB Switching to the You directly to the the following buttons the Projecting USB USB To USB to from the You and with USB USB Remote PC Edition Edition Professional XP OS Each the pressed, through the input from the following HDMI Switches to from the Professional the pressed, through the input C from the connected to the USB-A from the following USB Switches to the from the connected
The first the and the the USB the to The and OS. Connecting the first Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of Memory You to the the If USB the correctly. from the input You option while USB the USB directly to the to USB of than and higher than or MB or Service Service only the USB to the USB-B USB or XP, to displayed. Select Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU OS OS OS OS OS OS Double-click EPSON PJ_UD and then EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. XP of than and higher than or MB or MB or Amount of Memory the displayed, the displayed,
the authority and the installation. the the USB displayed the and the displayed, projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. projected. projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. the or and then from the USB the USB disconnecting the USB there to If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing reason, EPSON USB USB the USB when If the USB displayed If from the USB the USB If there the the EPSON PJ_UD USB USB when If nothing reason, the USB USB from the Applications the the USB using authority, and to the and then to to the software. this or the the following the USB to the USB-B USB The of USB displayed the USB Double-click the OS Follow the on-screen instructions to
Follow the on-screen instructions to Uninstalling the Applications USB and then USB OS Click and then Select USB and Change/Remove Double-click Click or Select USB and Click and then Double-click or XP Charms, and then Search Right-click and USB Select USB and Uninstall Click Uninstall Click and then Select USB and then Uninstall Uninstall from the
Manually the four corners Correcting manually Corner) You of the following Correcting Distortion Projected Manually corrects the Correcting manually Automatically corrects Correcting the reduced. Manually the and Correcting manually
You manually Correcting manually Projected Correcting Correction right and and the to the right or to correction. You to the the following the when or corrects This function the displays and then corrects the You to the the following when to from Projection the If to V- to Correction and to On You the
Manually the and Press the or the to the This allows to manually each of the four corners of the separately. You from the Corner Press the following buttons to Press the or to the the Press the while the Press the or the buttons to
Select from and buttons the the or the and buttons (or the buttons) the the of the corner. the shown that allows to the to corrected displayed. the Select Corner and then the the further the If the further." while indicated the and the the or the and buttons (or the buttons) the the to correct, and then the
If the about seconds while the selection from displayed, the following displayed. Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner the the to the correction selection shown the the or the to correction the or the to and Corner to the and as to corners. the the Turn the to the of the the of the the of the EB-X24/EB-W18/EB-X18 EB-S18
and the rear to the the You the the Correcting the the foot. the foot. the of the the to Press the foot to the front foot. You the The the of the becomes to the that it to
bright This the brightest and tones Application You the of the following Projected the bright such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre Press the the or the Decreases the Increases the to the (EB-X24/EB-W18/EB-X18 only) the the This selection when the input or This selection when the input RGB or when the when the input or USB or USB. that to the tint, when this Blackboard using whiteboard. Whiteboard the from the of hearing. the off, that and then increase the high the to the surroundings. The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Color
Select Iris from Each the the displayed the and the Projected High to the brightness of the as as the The each Normal High Select or You from the Iris Iris when the or Theatre Press the to the to the of the displayed and the the the Press the the Aspect Ratio of the You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input
aspect the currently Projected Each the [Aspect] the the aspect the and the aspect ratio Remote Normal or Native C You the aspect ratio from the Aspect Each the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the and and the aspect to (the right and of the off). from EB-X24/EB-X18/EB-S18) input aspect Each the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the Normal Native or and input aspect from or from the HDMI EB-W18) the aspect
The following shows each aspect from Projected WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect EB-W18 Normal from the HDMI EB-X24/EB-X18/EB-S18) Each the Aspect pressed, the aspect the and input aspect Native C
Aspect EB-X24/EB-X18/EB-S18 WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Normal If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the
Functions This chapter and the Security
connecting and The that the AC with the Format the FAT16/32. connecting USB such as USB or USB to the the the without This function PC Without (PC Functions USB PC You to USB that incorporate You while PC the and buttons the security to the characteristics of JPEG with than clearly the ratio The following CMYK too high. Specifications that PC Notes "Projecting (Slideshow)" "Projecting the selected or with animated than with than The PCM with than and ADPCM. with than
You memory USB and then If the following (Select displayed, the the to the However, USB with the Although the following based the the operations from the PC operating Projection Functions buttons to the to or and then the "Switching to the the USB to the the to USB. Starting PC The following as thumbnails AVI (displays the the of the displayed as JPEG Other or displayed as as shown the following PC and the displayed. "Connecting USB Devices" Select To the Select the the top of the and then the BMP PNG JPEG GIF as thumbnail, as AVI (Motion JPEG)
You the played The rotating function Slideshow. or buttons to the or to Press the Projection Functions or While the or Slideshow. If of the and the the the or the Next the of the and the To PC the USB from the USB the such as or off the and then from the PC To to the the the or the Previous the top of the and the Press the displayed. To to the the selected, the the selected to Top and the The selected displayed.
the selected or Projection Functions To of the following operations. buttons to to the or Press the the USB while accessed. PC correctly. The displayed. "Starting PC PC finished, to the Press the to the and then the Projecting Press the button. or to the to Press the Press the The or the played back.
Screen Switching If the Option screen to when Slideshow. Press the or the to to the the You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. (Slideshow) Projection Functions You the following when with PC the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V the Switching from Option to other than The To when Slideshow, seconds. and Slideshow of the Function the the Slideshow that to and then or to the the Press the The displayed. "Starting PC PC Slideshow Select the right of the and then the Slideshow and the the from the when reaches automatically. If to On the Option the projected, the the You to the to the or playback while Slideshow. and Slideshow operation
You the to Slideshow. You to Seconds. Switch You the and Slideshow operations the Option and Slideshow operation Functions finished the or buttons to the OK and then the If to apply the the and then the You the when Effect The applied. Option Select the of the and then the the following Option displayed, each of the items. Select of the options as and the The following shows the each You to the or You to the or Sort You whether to the Slideshow.
the and sound to played back while A/V It to from the where A/V activated. the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Projection Functions You the when the [A/V A/V from the A/V with the [A/V A/V approximately If to A/V activates and the turned off A/V to ECO A/V You this when to the what or to such as when from the A/V closed approximately activates and the turned off. If to ECO Cover to The A/V the hours to the [A/V or the cover, A/V or off. activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated the
Each the the appears or the Each the or off. Remote Projection Functions Remote the to played If the while the or the displayed, the or the that back while the It to from the where the while used. displayed closed. the Remote or buttons the the of You the of the from the This allows to the and to the about. Function Shape
to the of the that to the This when to to them greater such as and of the Projection Functions Remote or the the of Expands the each pressed. You button: that holding the Remote Press the to the Remote The ratio appears the The selected to to or the buttons to the
Once the as follows. the the to the (Wireless Projection Functions button: click. Press Right click. to buttons: the clicks You the from the This function The following operating with Wireless OS OS OS OS OS OS OS XP OS button, While holding the or the and It to the Wireless function of the operating the following to the function. the to the with the USB to the previous button: to the to the location. Release the Up/Down "Switching to the Remote the to of the following. "Connecting Computer" USB HDMI
from or of the the Projection Functions If the to the the of the buttons reversed. operating other than the function when the or function, the The Wireless function the following the or (such as the or function Protect Protect from to On and the You Protect)" Protect to You the that currently as Once the to the factory If selected when Aspect, or the function currently temporarily the or the the the to match the of the the the "Choose this as the displayed, the to as the and then the the the the
The the the "Completed." displayed. the this as the displayed, the to the of the to as the You the operations from the Functions It while to the or the connected while it otherwise malfunctions Remote and the "Select this displayed, the You Select the factor from the
to the the of the Protect On to the following the prohibited. Protection The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Background A/V or from Network Protect On Network to the "Network Network Protection prohibited. You people the the without "Restricting The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the about seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Protect activated, people who know the the to the This acts as anti-theft function as the At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that displayed when the Protect activated. Protect) The Protect displayed. Remote On Protect On to On). If the the and (this to Direct On Protect The following of Protect to the used. of Protect
The to this to If the While holding the four the buttons. The as the the displayed, and the fourth the displayed. displayed then the If Protect already activated, the If the correctly, the Protect the displayed. Security Functions Remote Select the type of Protect to and then the the the the as further theft Protect If the incorrectly, prompting "The accepted." displayed. to the the the displayed, the using the While holding the button, the the buttons. the Press the button, the displayed Select On and then the Select and then the the
of the following to the operation the Restricting Security Functions of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the the the locked. the Protect temporarily released. This or shows when to buttons or when to operation. The operated using the the the Press the while the "The locked." displayed approximately and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the from that appears the and the If the of the the If to the and the locked. as thirty the following displayed and the entries."The
You release the of the following Select from Security Functions the about seconds, and the Press and the released. Anti-Theft through the to the to or commercially theft-prevention Security The with the following of anti-theft security the following the Security The security with the Security Security Select or to the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the The buttons to the chose. Select when the displayed.
Security Functions
Items that with and SNMP Community to characters) to characters) the and connected to the with wireless LAN, Advanced the following to the the using of to the allows to and operations remotely. the characters and the This function the Microsoft or as the If OS X, If to the displayed. To to that the browser, items that usually the The reflected the There items that the Communication On If to the to and the (when the off). ECO the IP of the the input of the and the the from the the displayed. The displayed. the ID and The items each the as the High and Items the that the EPSONWEB as the ID. The
the ID You You the Network from the Network the user ID. and The Remote function allows to operations with the Remote the input and HDMI input Each the pressed, the displayed C to from the [Computer] "From to Projection" the or off. Function the Click the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V the or unpaused. The Remote displayed.
the Function to such as when using the to the the Wireless function the following Function and buttons Notification, to the when or with This the to of with locations from the to of three and to three once. Network these displays the previous/next projecting or PC "Projecting with USB USB to notifying If and of the Communication On If to the (when the ECO off). to the input that "Automatically and the (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote to the with Network Wireless USB this switches to Projection. the optional that [LAN] [Source Search] the function to On and or warning the the following Reading Subject: EPSON "Switching to the Remote the pressed, through the from the connected to the USB following USB [USB] the Decreases the Increases the buttons The IP the where the occurred. The where the occurred and of the
SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function SNMP wireless The SNMP this with the SNMP to IP who with the LAN The of the The below. and cover related the and the with USB and then the You and the from USB. commands (ESC/VP21 commands). To and the ESC/VP21 commands, the following ESC/VP21 Commands input to the the or that the the turned High-speed cooling Iris the USB (EPSON USB-COM to information about the EPSON USB-COM or the the the following to with or SNMP "Reading the Indicators" USB to 21L from the USB SNMP to On the to the specified when or warning This the to of with locations from the Network Others SNMP
Command Item MSEL the USB to the USB-B with USB from from the and (CR) to the of each and Flow length: Stop-bit: Parity: the ON transmitted to the the and warm-up the input, the the and and then the command. Command If the terminates abnormally, output and Command Item SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID the and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the and then the Network Projection unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network Projection. the occurred the 04FF Communication disconnected from the Check that the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, Wireless LAN IP off the DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network Projection the Other information. Communication the connected to unauthorized that the wireless LAN security correct. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match.
This chapter to the and its
Select Although using the as the operations from the the the the buttons and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Items or Top items the and the and projected. of Functions and Corner Normal, and Native Aspect and Processing Sports, Blackboard, Presentation, Theatre, and Whiteboard Items or Top to Brightness to Front/Rear, Rear, and Remote and Info, and Shape to High, and to to Red: to to to to Sharpness Direct On, High Source Search Rear, and Rear/Ceiling Projection and A/V Background, Down, and Right and Normal, High Iris and Normal On and to Tracking USB and 21L USB or Normal and ECO On and Light On and ECO Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and NR1, and NR2 Reduction
Top On and Wireless LAN LAN Items or Top to of Functions DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP and Wireless LAN Quick, Advanced On and SSID On and SSID SSID Communication On and Communication On and On and A/V On and ECO Source Info WEP, WPA-PSK, and WPA2- PSK Security and WEP Encryption ASCII and HEX Format On and IP ID cryption Encryp tion and Encryp Encryption tion Security Refresh Rate Info and Shared Authentication On and Passphrase SMTP The of the where the used. ID Network On and SNMP and Others Top On and
You the light and the Function Top Trap IP and Trap IP of Functions when input. If or input, only when NTSC input.) You the tint. the the You tints three (This item selected to from High and The tinted when High selected, and tinted when selected. You the the You the sharpness. Sharpness items the and currently each On and On and Broadcasting light projected. High to (This item to or to Normal or High to the to the corrections to match the of the The each Iris" Theatre Iris (This item selected to You the and individually. "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" You the to their the following to items to their items the and currently each You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting You the brightness. Brightness Function
This when or RGB input, this the input RGB input.) Function "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" You the when the USB USB, or LAN. of Functions This graphics, and converted to (IP with amount of animation. while to or Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as (This when RGB input, when when or input while Processing to Reduction the HDMI connected to DVD the to the DVD player's HDMI Function You the input from the If to when to the appears the or such as automatically. If interference to the If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected You input from the On to to and to the when the input to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to or to Normal or the connected You when appear the Tracking the Aspect Ratio of the You the aspect ratio Aspect You the and right when of the that the whole projected. You when or interference appear the
You the to or the HDMI, selected, to or to the input the ratio (the of the Function of Functions You the to their Processing and the following to items to their displayed The tracking when the optional interactive higher processing. Process and to Select and the four corners of the You and V- You and selected: Corner selected: Corner" On to or Function You this to operation of the "Restricting Operation the of the (EB-S18 only)
You the to their (EB-S18 only) and the following to items to their Function You the of the Function of Functions If to operations from the the the to operations from the You the reception of the from the least seconds to the to its Remote You the each Function You and item from the You assign of the following items allowing to one-touch to with the Pressing the directly displays the assigned item selection/ Info to the While the displayed, and correction To the the the or the You to the without other when the If
the that the High to On when using the Source Search to On to from the currently when the such as Direct On to On to the of restored. Function Item when the Source, or Aspect Ratio Background You the background to Black or when to the following items when input, and A/V You the when the [A/V to Black You related to the Screen to On to the such as High Warning. when or displayed. Function of Functions 21L ESC/VP21 commands. with USB USB USB "ESC/VP21 Commands" USB the following to items to their You the and from the to their You the and background Background, A/V and You the that as the [A/V the about You the as follows Select from of the following Rear Rear/Ceiling and the Methods" Rear Rear/Ceiling seconds. Protect to On Protect related to You Protect)" Protect to High and Source Search. and the Network Protect Network Protect to On Protect to and then the Network
of connected to the and the This to such as Security function You easily Protect" of Functions Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the Notes operating the Network to the Complete and or or to the the following information. Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. Wire LAN the and the Network the and the Network the Network LAN Security Others and The following Network items. Network this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of alphanumerics Soft operations information the Wireless LAN used. or the the
and buttons the or the the and buttons (or the the to to the and the buttons. the character. holding the the to input. Press the to the and then the the to input. of Functions the to the when to connected to characters. Function pressed, pressed, and the the section the and and SYM1/2 the selected and the CAPS the selected and the to when and the the connected than function that allows to and the characters. to On to the when to the to from from other computers. Normally this should to On
the Wireless LAN to or The Function Wireless LAN Wireless LAN of Functions this to On search the to from this to and the SSID the (This to from SSID that automatically. SSID SSID SSID the wireless LAN You to characters. SSID (This item only when to which the the SSID. SSID Turn On when the to the If to wireless LAN, turn to unauthorized others. The On wireless LAN. Function Wireless LAN If created the to when connecting the becomes easy to the the and It with Network SSID On Projection. If to the Advanced If the established and wireless LAN. created the the wireless LAN from (This to The or through the
when the Wireless LAN Security DHCP to On to DHCP If this You from to each field of the the following IP used. You input the the You from to each field of the Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each field of the the following Gateway IP You input the IP assigned to the to (where (This item only to the following used. to On You from to Advanced IP Function of Functions of the about to access. Security, follow the instructions from the Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function to (where from to used. You the input the WEP HEX HEX ASCII Format You the WEP encoding. encoding. WEP Encryption To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID To the IP from the LAN this to IP Selects the WEP ID ID
encrypted with (WEP This the encrypted the and the match. WEP You the WEP the characters following instructions from the The type of character and the that to the WEP Encryption and Format ASCII characters. ASCII characters. the which the HEX to and to F, characters HEX to and to F, characters Function of Functions 1/Encryption 2/Encryption 3/Encryption Encryption authentication or authenticating This that security which and without This of WEP. Although there of WPA WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication the without this TKIP and AES. WPA authentication. Shared authentication. the WEP authentication type. Authentication this or the follow the from the of the You least and to the interests of security, recommended that the periodically. If the initialized, to input the the the using with Network Projection, to the characters. Passphrase than characters, You to characters the to the the the Wireless LAN and Advanced, strongly recommended that security. Select of the following security of security
You to characters You the or to about notifying that or warning occurred. You to. You to three You input the of the to the to the specified the selected or warning the items from the displayed items. the Function the Function to of Functions Others to On to to the when or with You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP Function Function You input the the SMTP The You input to To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the SNMP. The SNMP
ECO the functions to displayed to each ECO You from to used. to (where each field of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to Function of Functions Trap IP 1/Trap IP On this to when to the using information the service. You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to or Broad casting of the ECO the too bright, such as when or You the brightness to of Select high or locations to high ECO selected, to and rotation reduced. to On the to the (This item when to This to reduce the amount of electricity lowering the brightness The each to the projected. Normal Light Function tion To of the Network Function
the of the and the of the Items that displayed the currently projected. the used, input supported. Info Only) input and operations the the to On this when of Also, input off. input, the to operating Function of Functions "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" On to the the off within of to closed approximately the the the cover closed. Also, the cover off. the cover the On to this off the to operating to Communication On and the from the and Controlling" A/V Also, A/V the the off. A/V the to operating to On this off the A/V the reached, the characters You the operating displayed yellow. You the the connected currently projected. Source Function On to when the brightness from to or to displayed the of the to the power-saving ECO You the ECO to their the following to items to their You the of the to the You the refresh Refresh Rate You the
This information service required. You the information. Info Function of Functions You the the This information about that occurred the This information service required. the the "About ID" ID You items the to their The following items to their (EB-S18 only), and items the Network Function The as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and Clears the hours when the
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and as shown the below. the the The displayed. Press the Press the to the Select the following the function to the the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. the following the clearly what the might The with the following four The and of the shows the of the the Reading the Indicates the to the the this Explanation Indicates the internal Indicates the C Indicates the supply Communication On If the and connected this the The and (when to flashes Network This the immediately turning the Warm-up seconds the this turn off the the Warm-up Flashing
Explanation supply This the immediately turning off the this buttons Cool when the the this If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. or to the following to what the and to that they The Normal Stop the the from the and or the the Stop using the the from the and or the the Flashing Flashing Flash Flash The off and about about that the and clear, and that the the switches to the following High (Overheating) from the and or the the If the the the the "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or Flash of or High to On
or If the Stop the the from the and or the the If the cracked the and the cord. the and cracked. the following the "Cleaning the Clean the Flash If the cracked or the the the replaced.) The the and the cover correctly. that the and the cover securely the using of or High to On the the from the and or the the Iris Flashing Flashing Flash Flash that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warn "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or Flashing State State
or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as the following the operating properly, though the showing the the with State Flashing State Flash If the shown this using the the from the and or the the
sound heard or the sound Other If of the following and the offer to the each the There the (only when USB The to the and the Projection the completely or the completely appear and nothing or played back from appear Moving the to The "Not supported" displayed The of or Interference or appear of the displayed, the height and of the correct, or the appear The or the aspect ratio or the from top to or to right. appear The whole appears or white, or appear right The when
to The connected correctly or supplied. the correctly. "From to Projection" the switched off? that or functioning correctly. Press the to the the appear Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? USB USB using USB to USB the A/V the A/V closed? of the the correct? displayed USB or the when using USB or that the USB connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the USB correctly? when USB the to the the when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when Applications the DirectX function correctly. when USB or using the DirectX function displayed?
displayed the from the to only. or the The to copyright protected that played back the with the player. the of the trying to copyright protected? the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Projection to On If operations specified of while A/V to On If approximately the A/V Cover to On If the closed. To the from switching off automatically, each to If of these to On the off the following "ECO input. Cover or A/V to On If the power-saving and operations specified of the operation the to the the power-saving the to the the connected when from the correct? The "Not supported" displayed to the to the and the refresh from "Supported Displays" the the and the refresh to the when
The the to as as the when If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the to Turn the the and the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory "From to Projection" off and then back the the [Source Search] the or the "Automatically and the (Source Search)" the selected? that the securely connected. "From to Projection" the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or the to the with built-in LCD If the power-saving and operations specified of the the to the the power-saving Computer's If the with this off, manually the "Correcting manually" to On to Turn the to the "Correcting the the correctly? of or of the recommended and Projection within the recommended the the
the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the Interference or appear If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? Click EPSON USB USB and then clear the selected? when USB the to Press the the or the Tracking the and Tracking correctly? when EPSON USB USB Click and then the of the smooth. (This when this selected. the of the smooth. selected? The when USB Computer's
The or the aspect or the If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the when the the to the Press the the or the the correctly? the to the the when You the from the Press the the to of the the the the from of the following: Rear Rear/Ceiling the correct? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's the following to the the the from connected to the the input match the from the connected right the from connected to the or the Brightness from the Brightness the correctly?
that and that there the that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the and from the the and correctly? when from the from the the correctly? the from the the correctly? Brightness the and from the Brightness the correctly? the from the the correctly? ECO appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the to the The become when high or location to high Although this to the the high or location to high The becomes the too within the recommended and Projection of the
when Projection The connected correctly or supplied. and then the cord. "From to Projection" the switched off? that or functioning correctly. Press the to turn the the The There the cord, or the defective. the cord. If this the using the the from the and or the the the and off when the touched? Press the the If to the to the to Remote the from the Remote restricted? the from the and then the that the securely attached to both the and sound heard or the sound Other the that sound heard. the the or the connected to the the
Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? Click EPSON USB USB and then from the from the selected? when USB If when connecting HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI the There the when USB If the the to the while the to the the Turn the and the the the to the while the to the The the location where light the receiver. Remote sunlight or light from the receiver? The operating the about operating the too from the the Remote from the Remote the the Remote selected? the the receiver. "Remote operating the light-emitting towards the the operation? the correctly or the with necessary. the the or the correctly?
to the and On To the function when the from ECO the Communication On to the from the the the If the or the the abnormality and the to to the the correctly. function correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the "EPSONWEB" as the ID. This the user ID the the characters the as the The the ID and correct?
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
the with or the to as easily become You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. "The overheating. nothing the and or the Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. shock. Cleaning the If collects the the internal of the to and this to with and shorten the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. cloth cleaning to gently the Cleaning the Warning that to and from the The catch fire to the high internal of the
If frequently displayed, cleaning, to the it with the Cleaning three months. Clean them often than this the It recommended that these least once every
The or to This section to the and the to the brightness and of the The to appear the following Normal to About hours ECO to About hours ECO If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as to the Please or The following displayed. www.epson.com to purchase." It to the when: the repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the become or the warning the of EPSON option The of malfunction caused the of covered and or warranty. The when the from to the The flashing and the flashing The displayed seconds.
that the If the of which the should that the cracked, and should to the of the cover, the gently. when the cover as of and injury. If or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or shards of or mouth, physician the there immediately. Warning cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the the fixing screws. with the or cross-head screwdriver. Then the the fixing screw with the screwdriver straight and to the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the off the and the the cord.
the the the that fits firmly, and once the screws. the If the cracked, with or further the section of the and
the the cover. If the though the cleaned, the The when the from to the off the and the the cord. the cover. the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. cover correctly, the of with The records the turned and and when to the the the from the the hours the cover and straight the the indicated correctly. the the replaced.
of properly with Polyurethane ABS the cover. the from the and clicks the
You using Network Projection. the the allows to the from the from without the You the from the Network Software This only wireless LAN You Network Projection from the following the and them from the of You from the following
(aspect ratio ELPSC30 ELPSC31 purchase these products as and when The following of optional to without and The following optional and Please and as of: of the country of purchase. Optional and ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 This ELPSC26 when operating the the Optional Interactive Unit ELPIU01 when the high ELPKC19 to ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount when to establish one-to-one the and with this to from wireless when such as OHP or ELPDC06/ELPDC11/ELPDC12/ELPDC20 Wireless USB ELPAP09 Wireless LAN ELPAP07 Soft carrying ELPKS63 to the from or the the when the that easily. (Aspect Ratio roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC32 ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 to the as as ELPLP78 ELPAF32 roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25
to and EB-W18) Unit: to Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from to Projection of C Screen
Projection EB-X24) Unit: to and Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from to of C
Projection EB-X18) to and Projection Screen Unit: to Screen Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from to Projection of C
to Screen and Unit: to
to Projection EB-S18) Screen and Unit: to Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C to
Refresh Rate EB-S18 Supported Supported XGA WXGA WXGA+ VGA SVGA Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) EB-X24/EB-W18/EB-X18 SXGA+ SXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA when other than those input, that the functions supported. MAC21" SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV when selected as the from the EB-W18 MAC21"
Refresh Rate SDTV Refresh Rate SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV EB-X24/EB-W18/EB-X18 only EB-W18 Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV SDTV Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) VGA from the HDMI XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++ SVGA SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+ SXGA
EB-S18 EB-X18 EB-W18 EB-X24 Product Specifications Specifications SVGA (W) (H) LCD XGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) TFT active WXGA (W) (H) XGA (W) (H) Manually (Communication (Communication On): to AC10%, supply UHE ELPLP78 (Communication (Communication On): to to +30C to to +35C to to Connectors to +60C
DIN RCA Specifications HDMI only PCM) HDMI USB A) USB-A USB B) USB-B RCA USB supported. USB to that USB.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to instructions, interference to However, there that interference off and the to to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Operation to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H550C/H551C/H552C/H553C/H554C/H555C/ H556C/H557C/H558C/H566C LCD of Product: EPSON
Appearance from of to fixing of Units: 3-M4
This section the that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without using The ratio and its height. with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP that the and HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with updated or revised of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) to Gateway wireless LAN which through information to every other from the top of the and to the to displayed every other information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate to connected to IP Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP
operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the and interference This that the of the from the IP that the (Y) and (C). with of SXGA with of SVGA The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of XGA with of VGA
Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations rights of this reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or transmitted or mechanical, from the of the information Notes XP, and XP," and this the operating to as and of to Furthermore, the to to with the Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. OS OS OS OS OS OS from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the this the operating to as OS OS OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. or or related to please this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of
Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International WPA and WPA2 of and OS of Apple Inc. of Inc. service of Apple Inc. Corporation. countries. Notice: Notes Other and EPSON and ELPLP or of the SEIKO EPSON of their respective owners. and rights those CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights of HDMI Licensing LLC.