that the and correctly, the and the to to the or The and their meaning as follows. them properly reading the to others and the of to property. Indications Notations Used This Indicates the of or to property this or Indicates the of death or serious this or Warning Information Indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates procedures which or Indicates where information topic found. The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure
JPEG of photographs with and from USB or SD without the USB or SD to the and as slideshow. This easy, to using (EB-W6 only) The A/V easy to and easily and closing the A/V which clear You and Ease of who the Protect to and users Enhanced security foot to You easily height with hand. restricts operation the You people from the the without The with the following security with anti-theft Security Security Connecting with USB (USB with You what's the USB the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off turning the off, the without to the to cool first. cool to The this of the EB-W6.
and the of the such as when the Function and Functions the foot to and the front foot. Foot the closing the and the sound (A/V when using the to A/V from the Remote C the to and the A/V the the (EB-W6/X6 only) A/V Security The security with the Security this when the cover that become warped or otherwise affected heat the and or the while C Function
and Functions from Function input Rear (EB-W6 only) KJI to from and to the of the the input this to the the You from the connecting USB and to USB to You and USB B) You of functions from from input to slideshow of USB A) or USB the SD Function C SD Card Access SD and as slideshow. SD Indicates the of USB A) flashing or USB to the C from or HDMI- HDMI input from the Remote from other from and input
and Functions from other from and Function input Rear (EB-X6/S6 only) to from and to the of the the input from from input input the You this to the from the connecting USB and to USB to You and USB B) You of functions from from the Function C to the C the from the connected to the input to or other This input to other than the input
and Functions If of or the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the selection and to the EB-W6 EB-X6 Function (EB-W6/X6 only) If when or displayed, these buttons EB-W6 EB- Corrects items and X6 buttons displayed, to the previous If when EB-W6 EB-X6 the function. shows to with they and the which the or off. C Function If when or displayed, these buttons EB-W6 EB- Press to the items and X6 buttons connected to the and to the input that The of the and whether they flashing or the of the C [Source Search] and the EB-W6 EB-X6
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons Corrects items and buttons Function (EB-S6 only) displayed, to the previous If when the function. shows to with they and the which If when or displayed, these buttons the and Press to Press to to items and buttons the or off. C Function and the or If of selection and to the the displayed, it and the synchronization, and to the connected to the and to the input that The of the and whether they flashing or the of the C [Source Search]
and Functions the or off. Function (EB-W6 only) these buttons when buttons to from the input to from the input C [Computer] If of the synchronization, and to the the and or off. [A/V or unpaused. The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] when the connected to with USB You USB of slideshow buttons of the that the without the using the
and Functions these buttons when Function and the Function to from the HDMI input [HDMI] to from the input to USB Changes to slideshow [USB [Slideshow] If when or displayed, these buttons items and Select item or photograph slideshow using the function, the the the connected to the and to the input that [Source Search] light-emitting or screen displayed, and the selection and to the the Wireless function, this as the the function. If when displayed, to the the Wireless function, this as the right shows to with they and the which the the buttons Each the pressed, the
and Functions the or off. Function (EB-X6/S6 only) or displayed, and the selection and to the EB-X6 EB-S6 connected to the and to the input that and the EB-X6 EB-S6 C [Source Search] C If of the synchronization, and to the the function, this functions as the of the that the without the the connected to with USB when the You USB buttons the and or off. [A/V or unpaused.
and Functions Function Remote light-emitting The displayed. You the the buttons. Function If when or displayed, these buttons EB-X6 EB-S6 items and buttons these when the Wireless function, this functions as the right using the Wireless function, the the the the function. If when displayed, to EB-X6 EB-S6 the If when or displayed, these EB-X6 EB-S6 items and shows to with they and the which the function, the the the button.
and Functions when to or the This and other from the when The displays Function C the optional mount when the from Turn to and to the Function fixing Rear foot through when to the anti-theft to C Security
Functions the Aspect Ratio Switching the aspect ratio of the aspect of EB-X6/S6) EB-W6) of the the aspect of This chapter and and the security the (Source Search) Direct Switching Remote (EB-W6 only)......18 Switching Detection of Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the lock................................................................... Functions Enhancing Projection................. (Selecting (EB-W6 only)................19 with the Iris (A/V the the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Projection Quality
connected, playback this operation. Procedure and the input from the Switch the the input the The input from the following to switch Direct switching (EB-W6 only) Switching search projected. the the Switching Detection of (Source Search) EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the You the the [Source Search] input where input. or of connected, the [Source Search] the EB-S6 EB-W6/X6 Switching to HDMI and Slideshow with EB-W6. HDMI USB Slideshow
the Projected The following showing the of currently or when operation about seconds, the connected to If found. You the input where the when only the that the EB-W6 Direct Switching Remote (EB-W6 only) You switch directly to the the to the following operation.
(EB-W6 only) Procedure Functions Enhancing Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting bright bright This the brightest and tones using black-and- white bright Text Application the button, the the and the such as bright This and them TV bright This and them to life. Sports This Theater that to the If the while the the to the this tint, when Blackboard HDMI Computer, HDMI (EB-W6 only), USB with the following inputs. with the following inputs. Slideshow (EB-W6 only) (EB-W6 only)
Functions C Press the to the Select with the Procedure Press the and the EB-W6 EB-X6 EB-S6 the EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the EB-S6 EB-W6/X6
Functions Projection C Press the to the The each Select "On". the to the of the and Iris This item selected when or "Theater" selected as the the Press the and Iris" the EB-W6 EB-X6 EB-S6 Procedure the EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the EB-S6 EB-W6/X6
Functions Projection Each the or the A/V or closed, A/V or off. From the choose to If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V "A/V the or as the A/V the activated. or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the supply to off the A/V closed and A/V about "Operation" Cover the Procedure EB-X6/S6 EB-W6
Functions Enhancing Projection while the to from the where If the while the or displayed, the or The to back the while used. displayed cleared. from without the Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the Remote Procedure EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 Each the or off.
Functions Enhancing Press the and "Aspect" from the EB-X6 EB-X6/S6 the aspect ratio the aspect ratio when and that recorded or Switching and of aspect ratio as follows. to the Aspect Ratio EB-S6 the Switching Procedure the EB-W6 EB-S6 EB-X6 the the aspect displayed the and the aspect If the while the aspect the to the aspect This "Aspect" from the the
Functions the aspect ratio of EB-X6/S6 Press the to the "Aspect" input, the ratio of of with and right off). C Select the aspect ratio and the EB-W6 selected aspect Normal Through
Functions Projection Explanation input from the the aspect ratio as follows. the aspect of EB-X6/S6) input to the aspect of Apply when to with aspect ratio to the the aspect of the input input from Normal Normal input aspect ratio Apply when to of or of the the to or "Normal" to the of the
Functions Projection input from the input or HDMI input the aspect ratio as follows. EB-W6 the (aspect ratio to WXGA to the aspect to the aspect of EB-W6) Projection Explanation input to the the aspect of the input input from input Normal input input to the aspect of aspect based information from the input. input from HDMI input input to
Functions Enhancing Explanation input the aspect ratio of input that the to the input input the the of the input to the of the This periphery of the projected. Through of or of the the to or "Normal" to the of the
Functions Enhancing Projection the to the of the that to Remote This when to such as and to them of the Procedure EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 Remote EB-X6/S6 EB-W6
Functions Projection C Remote the pressed, the You You reduce the the the Press the to EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 selected to to to the The ratio appears the The the
the following to Protect. Protect You people from the the The with of anti-theft security The the following security You who the without Anti-Theft Security the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure Protect) EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the Protect function activated, people who know Furthermore, the that when as the At the of the This acts as anti-theft the the to the purchase the Protect function activated. whenever the from If the the supply to which connected the the to the the of the Protect" to of Background", and On Protect" "On", the "A/V the the The following of "On" the following prohibited. to the used. of Protect Protect" On Protect" If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, displayed. the the the as further the the theft
Security Functions four using the buttons. (With the EB-W6, the while holding the button.) The as the fourth the displayed. Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the buttons Remote the the displayed, and then the The If the shown the this to Select and then the the Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the C Turn Protect". Press the buttons EB-W6 If the incorrectly, The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the EB-X6/S6
Security Functions the displayed, the using the buttons the the (With the EB-W6, the while holding the the using the buttons. the Procedure and then and the that appears the and the about and then the switches to If incorrect three the If the of the "The locked." displayed back The displays the If this the from the the and Service that the If to the and input the "The operation locked. and the thirty the following as
Security Functions the operations from the including turning the or of the following to the operation buttons the of the buttons the locked. You of the the the locked. off. Restricting EB-S6 EB-W6/X6 This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated the EB-S6 EB-W6/X6 the Press the and EB-W6 Procedure the buttons and the operations they the the or EB-X6 EB-S6 the EB-X6/S6 EB-W6
Security Functions You about the that and the The security with the Security the often mounts and the includes the following security Security the Security Anti-Theft The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. through the to the to or theft-prevention Security and the the From the from about seconds, You release the of the the and the released. following the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions.
This chapter to the and its the EB-W6)..... the EB-X6)...... the EB-S6)...... of Info only)..................................................46
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the EB-W6) Top Select the to the the
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the EB-X6) Top Select the to the the
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the EB-S6) Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the "High" selected the becomes with and when selected the (This item selected selected as the the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the the Red, You the of each individually. when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness You the to their To items to their (This item selected only when or "Theater" selected as the the to On/Off to to the Iris
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each HDMI (EB-W6 only) to the of the input identified. to of the or "Normal" of or the of the You whether the to the (On) or when the input Function the HDMI input connected to DVD and the to the DVD (This when RGB input) player's You the and right that of the of the IP each field the This with amount of On This and HDMI input) You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking HDMI (EB-W6 only) If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the input You the aspect ratio Aspect
of Functions You the to their To items to their Function
of Functions EB-S6 EB-W6/X6 (This specified when selected from "Projection".) correction. Function You You this to operation of the the (EB-W6/X6 only) (EB-S6 only) the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of Brightness You the to their To items to their You the
of Functions You whether to (On) or the when the input the Screen You whether the (the when the (On) or Background You the when to "Black", or A/V You the displayed A/V as or when the when input, and You related to the You the that as background and A/V You choose of the following to the the Projection Function You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling"
of Functions to "On", the should turning off the from to to "On" and the connected to that of electricity to "On", this off the when input and operations to "On", this off the the cover closed. High this to "On" when the of Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or the to automatically. Function You whether to the software EMP 21L (On) or this to "On" and the USB 21L the to with USB and to "USB to the the USB to "Wireless to the to Up/Down" to Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You Protect" to You and the to their To items to their You the displays. "High
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info only) USB Display/Slideshow (EB-W6 only) /HDMI (EB-W6 only) from the reaches the warning the characters displayed You the operating Function The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours or hour each hour. This information about that occurred the This information service required. You the input the connected currently Source the from the to "Source". You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their and You items to their You clear the and to "0H". when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................51 lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
Select If with the on-screen displays to the the the the the Press the The displayed. the Procedure EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the EB-S6 EB-W6/X6 EB-S6 EB-W6/X6
the C Confirm the selection. the EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the EB-S6 EB-W6/X6 and displayed as shown the Press the to below. If to the to Displayed with the of
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this Warm-up The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the which to the following to what the and to that they
lights or the the from the and or the the and Service Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Iris The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or High (overheating) and or the the and Service If the the the the from the of or "High to "On".
or the and cracked. the following If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). If the using the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the Clean the of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning with and or the the and Service If the using the the from the If the operating properly, though the showing to the
when If of the following and the offer to the each the The sound heard or the sound Other Projection the completely the completely and Moving from appear and nothing projected. displayed relating to appear The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." displayed The displayed or of The whole appears or white, appearing the match, this and LCD performance, the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right Nothing appears the (EB-X6/S6 only) appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the button? the A/V the A/V closed? when the to the the connected the correct? the to only. Computer's the to the LCD and the when from Press the to the If to the to "Operation" to "On"? or with when from built-in LCD Projection
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported Displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The displayed or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the only to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the own and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with when from built-in LCD Turn the to the the correctly? the the recommended within the recommended the the or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour it used. If If the from to or the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to from and the If the correctly the If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? that the securely connected. the correctly? when from the and "Tracking correctly? when the to the the connected projected? Press the the to the The or or the aspect when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the from the the correctly? If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the the the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when when
from connected to the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected right from connected to or the the the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" the Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? the "Brightness" the "Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" the the correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" and "Brightness the "Brightness" "Brightness the brightness and correctly? the the "Contrast" the correctly? when from appear The that from the the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the Nothing appears the (EB-X6/S6 only) from other than the
when There the or the the and or the the and Service If this the the the from the and the the about seconds, and the released. the to The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the and off when the touched? the operation to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to the back the back immediately Direct or the turned off?
There or the too Other The operating the about and about vertically. the the receiver. the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? that the connected to the the connected correctly? the that sound heard. the to the the light-emitting the the when operated? The If of the buttons the than seconds, the the released, This the from operates when the or top of the correctly or the with necessary. the location where light the receiver. The operating the about the too from the the or the correctly? sunlight or light from the receiver? than seconds?
(EB-W6 only)........................................................79 Connecting USB Reading the Removing USB Connecting and USB This chapter information to the of performance from the to Appendices (EB-W6 only)........................................................80 SD Card Reading the SD Card Access Ejecting SD Card........................................................... and Ejecting SD Card Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the to the the operating the How to the (USB to EB-W6)......................................... to EB-X6/S6)..................................... the first From the Connecting with USB Projection Connecting USB Remote (Wireless function) Wireless (EB-W6 only)...................................... operation (EB-X6/S6 only) the and EB-W6................................................................................75 EB-X6 EB-S6..................................................................................77 Connecting to Connecting to (EB-X6/S6 only)....78
of Supported EB-W6 RGB).................................................. from HDMI input EB-X6 RGB).................................................. EB-S6 RGB).................................................. Slideshow (EB-W6 only).......................... that Slideshow Slideshow Operations Starting Slideshow..........................................................................90 Exiting Slideshow...........................................................................91 Slideshow Slideshow.........................................................................94 and Slideshow. Optional and Specifications....................................................109 Specifications of Software........... Optional ESC/VP21 Commands Command USB USB Appearance........................................................113 Index...................................................................114
the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the The the following four to the of the location. its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, it causing and injury. the mount and the or and Warning You the as follows the "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" the [A/V the about seconds. optional mount when the from the its This malfunctions to from (Rear projection) the from front of
If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth using to the Cleaning the cloth cleaning to the the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and "The overheating. nothing the Clean the and the when the following and or the to the displayed.
the of the and the to the the the with This section to the batteries, the and the If the of the or becoming this them with that the or ready to You or the Remote EB-W6 the Instructions/Support and Service the Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure EB-X6/S6 Catch EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 Catch
The flashes Press the cover clicks C the cover. The or to The of the EB-W6. EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 It to the when: the displayed. The the displayed.
the there If the of which the should that the and when the cover If of the cover gently. of should to the of the cover, that the or mouth, immediately. Warning to the The to appear the following to the and of the "Brightness passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should high brightness: About hours brightness: About hours as as ready it It about hour the turned off the cover. If the burns or other the cooled sufficiently the to cool enough.
C the fixing screws. the off the and the Procedure the fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and to the cover. If the cracked, it with or further the
the cover. the the the that fits the location "PUSH", and once the screws. the the off as Please regulations or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the recycling. of with turn The records the turned and and the the hours the when to the the operating the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly.
the from the and clicks C the The displayed though the It to the when: The ripped. cleaned. the The when the from to the of properly with of the section: Polycarbonate, ABS of the section: Polyurethane resin the of the and to the the turn off the and the Procedure
From the EB-W6 You the that currently as the buttons and the operations they the the EB-X6 EB-S6 the to as the and then the the user and the resumed. Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", displayed and the Protect" to the Aspect the function currently If selected when or EB-X6/S6 EB-W6 the EB-S6 EB-W6/X6
the C "Choose this as the displayed, EB-S6 EB-W6/X6 the to the of the to as the the the or the the as to the of the "Select this displayed, You to Select the factor from the the EB-X6/S6 EB-W6
The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed" displayed. the about seconds. the or while This malfunctions to
the following to choose the The and EB-W6 Units: Units: Units: Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Screen to to to to of to to to to to to to to (top of the when from to the of the the from the the of
and Units: Units: EB-X6 to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Projection to Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of Screen (top of the when from to the of the the from the the of
and Units: Units: EB-S6 to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Projection to Screen to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of (top of the when from to the of the the from the the Screen of
Connecting to and the the when connected to to the with the input the when the the This that Connecting to (EB-X6/S6 only) connected to the and The the and and from and to to To with the To
Normal operation when USB the directly to or USB USB to the accessory AC Connecting and USB (EB-W6 only) You and USB memory with USB or You from connected or USB Slideshow. The USB as follows to the of the USB connected to the Reading the with specified USB or with the This section to USB the as Connecting USB Slideshow of from the connected played. USB connected. USB connected. USB USB of to length. If the the slideshow normally. Turn off the or USB finishing the following to USB from the from the USB A). Procedure To USB A) To USB USB
The SD or flashing as follows to the of the SD Reading the SD Card Access and Ejecting SD Card (EB-W6 only) You from SD or SDHC (SD High Capacity) Slideshow. The following to and SD cards. From these to as SD cards. Flashing Reading from the SD SD accessed. SD by. the SD that it the the malfunction or SD Card the SD the with its top the as as facing Procedure SD
and Ejecting SD Card (EB-W6 only) Ejecting SD Card the while its flashing. You the or Lightly the SD The SD Procedure Access SD Card the SD and straight
USB the directly to the Connecting with USB Projection (USB The when connected the with USB USB to This function USB when to from the the USB Turn the the to EB-W6) Procedure the A/V connecting the first "From the the the Turn the the to the (supplied).
Connecting with USB Projection (USB to EB-X6/S6) Procedure when to from the the USB connecting the first "From the Turn the the the A/V the the Turn the the to the (supplied). EB-S6 EB-X6
Connecting with USB (USB projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It C projected. using Computer" "EPSON_PJ_UD" "EMP_UDSE.EXE", the first automatically. "EPSON "EPSON USB "EPSON or the USB There to the projected, To the "Change/Remove" "EMP_UDSE.EXE" Computer" Hardware" The "EPSON USB "EPSON_PJ_UD". USB Disconnecting and You USB the user authorization with this to the and the and Service then the to If to installation, Select
Connecting with USB (USB It projected. the projected. as this From the
with the the nearby. Up/Down Remote of the with USB to other the USB and the USB B) the than those with USB to the indicated the buttons the to of these functions with USB Down. Connecting USB the to the USB EB-W6 EB-X6/S6 Procedure commands from the to the the "USB B" to Up/Down" using USB "USB B" to "USB the the You the function and the function Edition/XP Professional OS to Compatible To USB B) To USB USB
Connecting USB The function. This You this when the input the or HDMI function Wireless function. (EB-W6 only). the Remote of showing slideshow the and displayed as follows. (Wireless function) To previous slideshow You the function of You the Wireless function and USB To previous To the to the USB EB-W6 EB-X6/S6 Procedure EB-X6/S6 To EB-W6 To "USB B" to "Wireless the Edition/XP Professional OS to Compatible
Connecting USB (EB-W6 only) You to the to of the or You to the Wireless function the to the information. operating Right click click: Press the connecting, the the following and Release to and to
Connecting USB the operations You the Wireless function when the and right buttons the the following the the reversed. Wireless operation (EB-X6/S6 only) Right click: Press the and Release to and to
The following operations Therefore The following the operating Slideshow. the to buttons the Slideshow Operations these directly. This easy, You connecting the to USB or SD The to Slideshow (EB-W6 only) to the following to USB or SD Slideshow when the connected to USB or SD Connecting USB Starting Slideshow Procedure The count of the JPEG that the with of projected. that Slideshow The that slideshow as follows. type switch to the as as of from another the the [Slideshow] Connecting SD USB that security function ratio high the to the characteristics of JPEG the projected. properly. used.
Slideshow (EB-W6 only) the connected to the following and selecting of selection displayed containing that the the to the the type of this the Exiting Slideshow Procedure The following of when the slideshow This the Slideshow screen To slideshow, the connected USB to the following to USB or SD Removing USB or SD Removing SD You to SD and USB
Slideshow (EB-W6 only) the switches to the top JPEG which thumbnails thumbnailed The selected and and the the to and the The to and the surrounded and or and thumbnails of to the of and the selected played. the of the displayed. indicated as shown. this displayed. Press the Function Item (top) The following the the option Option: The following about each item and of the and they when selected and with the This the displayed and of Function Item the when there Slideshow. Slideshow: Next cover displayed to the item selected. Can with the concerned. the previous when to selection to there previous Previous to (top)
Slideshow (EB-W6 only) The selected played. Press the Procedure and the the to Press the and the following displayed. this the the the the the to switch the
Slideshow (EB-W6 only) from the displayed and the the the the and the Select "Slideshow" to slideshow of to slideshow from the and the You This function known as Slideshow. Slideshow the following The following to the Slideshow displayed. and the "SlideShow" the Press the the the to Slideshow. Procedure the switching the option to other than You such as repeatedly and when slideshow, the switching to To manually.) the the slideshow, the displayed "Continuous the option to "On", the slideshow The slideshow and the C Press the repeated.
Slideshow (EB-W6 only) To the browser's and Slideshow, the option and Slideshow. played slideshow. the following to You the played You the the "Option" the and the The option displayed. Press the Procedure displayed, the or or slideshow. Procedure Top Top Top Top
Slideshow (EB-W6 only) the and the the the item to to the following of each becomes effective. the of selected of or of slideshow. You or to If switched the automatically. switching whether to Slideshow repeatedly. Continuous Function Item the "OK", and then the C Press the
ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 ELPFC03 Optional and as of: of to the following options and Purchase The following of optional and without and the country of purchase. or the the and to this Service of to the from Optional mount with the ELPMB18 when the this to with the Soft carrying ELPKS16B roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 as ELPAF13 as ELPLP41 of these the with the too HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 to ELPKC19
The width-to-height ratio of or the width-to-height ratio or the elongated known as The aspect ratio Aspect ratio This section that with the and terms that the text of this to other publications. that the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the to The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and to that of three and which the and to of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and alternately. Interlace of scanning whereby the from from top to to High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh easily operating (OS) and the If the both the and the international that that that connected to Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV this the that they the recording these played back the they to their as type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C
of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the and interference Synchronization type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA of The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA
Connector USB B) USB The ESC and VP21 commands commands from the to the ON transmitted to the the If the terminates to and the input, the the and and then the command. turned and the ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the B) Command Item SOURCE selection SOURCE SOURCE HDMI (EB-W6 only) SOURCE USB SOURCE Slideshow (EB-W6 only) MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF Command Item SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL Carriage (CR) to the of each and
ESC/VP21 Commands To the with ESC/VP21 commands using from the to something other than "USB USB to "USB B" to that, the following USB to and the section of Download the USB (USB-COM from the to Procedure C 21L" to "On" from the the downloaded USB the instructions displayed the
of Supported RGB) EB-W6 XGA Through Normal VGAEGA VGA SVGA Aspect Refresh Rate WXGA+ WSXGA+ SXGA WXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" MAC21" when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. This to selection of from the the VGA
of Supported Units: Aspect Refresh Through Normal HDTV SDTV Units: Through Normal TV (NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) Aspect Refresh
of Supported Units: from HDMI input Aspect Refresh Through XGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA VGA SVGA HDTV SDTV
of Supported Units: RGB) EB-X6 VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA Normal Aspect Refresh WXGA+ SXGA WXGA when other than those input, that the projected. supported. the VGA SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21
of Supported Units: Aspect Refresh SDTV HDTV Units: TV (NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) Aspect Refresh
of Supported Units: RGB) EB-S6 VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA Normal Aspect Refresh WXGA+ SXGA WXGA when other than those input, that the projected. supported. the VGA SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21
of Supported Units: Aspect Refresh SDTV HDTV Units: TV (NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) Aspect Refresh
EB-S6 EB-X6 EB-W6 Product Specifications Specifications (W) (H) SVGA to to UHE W, ELPLP41 (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) XGA Polysilicon TFT active (W) (H) WXGA to AC to supply to to to to to +35C Approx. to +60C
Specifications EB-S6 EB-X6 EB-W6 Product input Connectors RCA input HDMI HDMI input USB A) USB A) SD Card USB B) USB B) DIN input RCA input RCA input If the of than and to to of USB to that USB. USB USB1.1. USB USB2.0. SDHC
Specifications Class to of the FCC These there that interference reception, which turning the off and the installation. If this interference to and instructions, interference to or reception. and, and with the to reasonable protection interference to try to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the installation. This and the from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. FCC United States or the which the connected. following Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA Inc. MS: Located and interference which the established the than interface to FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and the FCC or Declaration of this shielded interface with this If this the authority to the interfaces. or the The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. H285C/H284C/H283C of Product: EPSON
Specifications The following to USB with this of Software Recommended: or III or CPU SP4 SP1 XP SP1 XP SP2 OS XGA(1024 or or greater Approx. Recommended: MB or MB or greater Memory capacity MB or
the the EB-W6/X6/S6, the EB-S6 only the from the to the mount. The of the EB-W6. Appearance