Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness Select from Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
This allows to the This the to the Turn the and off or Turn the from cool easy to easy height with and Projection, and "Correcting manually" Connecting with USB and (USB USB from with USB without Functions Projecting Detecting and correcting from of or This function the and of the "Projecting or This corrects which when positioning or the "Correcting automatically"
You the to operations such as of the You the as to to or as the the of the Increasing (WXGA) aspect. You whiteboards and other the Aspect Ratio of the With that WXGA LCD the the the to the (Wireless of the Function You and the optional to and the software supplied, of the and with the "Optional Accessories" USB and or (PC You USB or to the and of such as or "Projecting Without (PC to operation the You this to people without "Restricting and who the Protect to and users Protect)" Enhanced security functions The with of built-in to such as the off and while the by. to wasting electricity "ECO Function the power-saving the ECO to On from the that the power-saving the of the when the switched to ECO ECO brightness.
Wireless to the and the the wireless and the Wireless Wireless USB to only) connecting the optional from the USB The with the following of anti-theft security with anti-theft Security "Anti-Theft Security from these from location, If iProjection from the or wirelessly the which or the or optional wireless LAN and to wireless LAN the following become Connecting to wireless LAN and You from the or from incurred when with the or the responsibility of the customer. Wirelessly computer's Network You Network Projection You from the following the Wireless LAN Unit" the PC to four the from You PC Projection smartphones or which the or from from the following iProjection installed.
such as the foot to the the of the foot Function and Functions when the to the closing the and the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V sound. A/V from the Remote "Correcting the the to cool the internally. "Cleaning the and the cover. the cover the the Function Corrects the "Correcting manually" The security with the Security "Anti-Theft Security when the the cover the to cool the internally. the and that become or heat the from the While projecting, or burns, or to Screw to the cover Cover Fixing Screw Press the foot to and the front the foot. Foot C the to and the A/V A/V
the to USB and the the with USB USB-B Function and Functions Rear the to using USB the to the (Wireless to the Wireless function. from connected to the the or the from and computers. This from smartphones and that from HDMI MHL High-definition "Connecting with HDCP HDMI/MHL from and from other from the "Projecting Without (PC USB or and or using PC USB-A the to the "From to Projection" Function from the optional Wireless USB the USB the or optional LAN the Wireless LAN Unit" This screw the wireless LAN cover. the optional Wireless LAN fixing screw C
such as to and the to the Rear C Function and Functions such as the foot to the the of the foot the optional Mount when the the from Function "Optional Accessories" mount fixing (three through and the lock" Security
and the which shows to with they the Function and Functions If when the displayed, the to the the Decreases the Increases the You the the function. Corrects the when the screen displayed. displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the the to the input that and the Projected (Source Search)" displayed, it and the selection and If while RGB from the the or the and to the Function [Source Search] and the the "From to Projection" Turns the or off. "Reading the Indicators" Indicates the the allowing to and "Correcting manually" buttons C displayed, these buttons items and If when the or the the the
"From to Projection" Turns the or off. Function Remote and Functions the pressed, the through the and HDMI/MHL C Tracking, If while RGB from the and to from the [Computer] Protect" the the pressed, the aspect the Aspect Ratio of the [Aspect] this and the buttons to Protect" and numbers. and the the PC these buttons displays the previous/next rotates the and "PC operating the of the that pushed. Wireless function, the the Remote to the the or the displayed, these buttons selects items the and buttons
the or as the pressed, the Function displayed, and the selection and the or the the to the Function and Functions and the which shows to with they the the or items, and assign to this selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to Select item from the the the assigned item one-touch Acts as when the Wireless the Remote to the (Wireless function. If when the displayed, the to the Function the on-screen the Decreases the Increases the the function. buttons such as when the Remote to the the function the following assigned as the Acts as right when the Wireless the Remote to the function. this and the buttons to the ID the to ID and the the [ID] the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the and or off. [A/V PC these buttons displays the previous/next or reduces the without the of the with USB using USB buttons the pressed, the "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting You the Projection as follows the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling
the the to the MHL [MHL Function and Functions Switches to the from the connected [LAN] to the input that "Automatically and the (Source Search)" from the connected to the USB-A Each the pressed, through the following USB [USB] [Source Search] Remote light-
If the of the or that the other the AA or batteries. AA or ready. You becoming this them with the and Functions the following the Instructions the of the and the to the the If the correctly, they or causing fire, or to the Press the cover clicks the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the with the first.
Remote operating and Functions
the This chapter to the and
of when the If the mount fixing to the screws mount. This serious to the mount the screws from and or and cover the or If of the covered, the internal and fire. from mount). If correctly, the crack causing to from its or the mount, to from or things such as or the and the causing and injury. Warning the to the of the location. The the following four methods. the (Rear from tion) from front of the the its This malfunctions to and from the from the front of and from the from the The You from Rear to from the You the Projection as follows the [A/V the about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling optional mount when the "Optional Accessories" from the as follows.
and Projection the the right to the to the The the shortest Projection the from the to the the following information the If the to the the that to the the the the reduced. and Projection If the the the the following the to the "Correcting Distortion" the following the the "Correcting Distortion"
The location, and the connected. Connecting the to the You from the the the to the the USB to the USB-B You the with the To from the of the following the or USB using the Connecting the HDMI the to the HDMI/MHL You the with the HDMI C You USB to the to to from the This function USB with USB
You smartphones and MHL the MHL to the HDMI/MHL the You the with the Connecting Smartphone or Connecting smartphone or to the the charging when projected. the the MHL If that the MHL the smartphone or If MHL-HDMI charging the smartphone or or to operations from the You to MHL to become or You to correctly the and of the smartphone or If correctly, and then the MHL
To from DVD players or VHS and to the of the following Connecting Sources Connecting the the to the the the to the You from the connecting the the to the the the to the input You from the connecting the the to the using or commercially HDMI C the optional "Optional Accessories" the HDMI the to the HDMI/MHL You the with the
Turn off the to connecting. If the input when to the malfunction. If the or of the try to force The or malfunction. Connecting If the to to the with the or optional to to the using commercially Connecting USB Devices You such as the optional USB and USB and the USB with the USB the USB to the USB-A the the USB connected, the USB or PC "PC
If USB the correctly. Devices such as and USB should connected to the directly. and the AC with the or to the using USB with or specified with the USB than three length. If the three PC function correctly. Connecting finishing projecting, USB from the such as or off the and then from the USB
the or optional wireless LAN the that connected to the wireless LAN the Wireless LAN Unit Connecting to the wireless LAN, from the "Wireless LAN If normally the wireless LAN the wireless LAN cover as theft the wireless LAN to the USB-A the wireless LAN cover, and with the screw. cross-head screwdriver to the screw that the wireless LAN cover. the the wireless LAN and cover reasons. to the Wireless LAN first, and then the the optional Wireless USB Wireless USB to the USB-A the Wireless USB the wireless LAN to the USB-A
If the Wireless LAN the the [LAN] the The LAN displayed. Connecting that the SSID and IP information the LAN and then the Wireless LAN the Wireless USB to the USB-A the Wireless USB the "Network information displayed, the Wireless USB the Wireless LAN the the USB to the the from the with the Wireless USB
This chapter to and
the A/V Turn This section the the to with the and From to The the turning off the the used. the with the the (function and the to the from the the the from the to the first, and then the to the If the projected, the of the following and the Projected Press the [Source Search] the or the (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote Press the the the the the necessary. "Correcting Distortion" "Correcting the the to the with the the to outlet with the cord. Turn the
The following displayed while input. Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) Press the [Source Search] to from the currently the the LAN or connected, the [Source Search] the connected, playback this operation.
You USB to the to to from the Projecting with USB Switching to the You directly to the the following buttons the USB USB To USB to from the You and with USB USB Remote PC Edition Edition Professional XP OS the pressed, through the input from the following HDMI/MHL Switches to from the Professional the pressed, through the input C from the connected to the USB-A from the following USB Switches to the from the connected
The first the and the the USB the to The and OS X. Connecting the first You to the the If USB the correctly. from the input You option while USB the USB directly to the to USB of than and higher than or Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or MB or Amount of Memory the USB to the USB-B USB or XP, to displayed. Select OS OS OS OS OS OS Service Service only OS Double-click EPSON PJ_UD and then EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. XP Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU MB or MB or Amount of Memory the displayed, the displayed, of than and higher than or
the authority and the the the USB displayed the and the displayed, projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. projected. Projecting the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. the or and then from the USB the USB projected. the USB there to If automatically, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE If nothing reason, EPSON USB USB the USB when If the USB If from the USB the USB If there the the EPSON PJ_UD USB USB when If nothing reason, the USB USB from the Applications the the USB authority, displayed and to the and then try to to the software. this or the the following Click and then Uninstalling the USB to the USB-B using USB The of USB the USB Double-click the OS USB Change/Remove Select and Double-click or Click Follow the on-screen instructions to
Click and then Projecting XP Select USB and Click and then Double-click or Charms, and then Search Right-click and USB Select USB and Uninstall Click Uninstall the Applications USB and then Select USB and then Uninstall Follow the on-screen instructions to Select Uninstall from the OS USB
Manually the four corners Correcting manually Corner) You of the following Correcting Distortion Projected Manually corrects the Correcting manually Automatically corrects Correcting the when or corrects This function the reduced. Correcting Manually the and Correcting manually the displays and then corrects the You to the the following Correction and
using to On when Projection to from Projection the You the Manually the and If to V- to You manually Correcting manually Press the or the to the Correction right and and the to the right or to correction. You to the the following Press the following buttons to Press the or to
Press the while the the the Select from Press the buttons to Select Corner and then the You from the This allows to manually each of the four corners of the Corner
and the or the and buttons the the of the corner. the Projected the shown that allows to the to corrected displayed. the the further the If the further." while indicated the and the the or the and buttons the the to correct, and then the the to the correction selection shown the the or the to correction using the or the to and Corner to the and as to corners.
the of the the to Press the foot to the front foot. You the If the about seconds while the selection from displayed, the following displayed. Switch to Switches the correction to Corner the of Corner The the of the becomes to the that only to the the and the rear to the Turn the to the of the the foot. the rear foot.
the from the You the the Correcting the Selecting the Quality (Selecting of hearing. the off, that and then increase the high the to the surroundings. The brightness of the the selected. bright This the brightest and tones Application Press the the or the Decreases the Increases the to the You the of the following the bright such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre the the that to the tint, when this Blackboard
the Press the whiteboard. Whiteboard Application Projected the the Iris Select from This selection when the input or This selection when the input RGB or when the when the input or USB USB, or LAN. the the displayed the and the Remote The each Select Normal or High the to the brightness of the and You from the Iris to High the of the as as the Press the to
Projecting from or from the HDMI/MHL the aspect Iris only when the or Theatre the [Aspect] pressed, the aspect the Normal Native or and input aspect the Aspect Ratio of the You the Aspect Ratio of the to the type, the ratio of height and and the of the input aspect the currently projected. the [Aspect] the the aspect the and the aspect ratio Remote Normal or Native C You the aspect ratio from the Aspect
If of the the to or Normal from the to the of the The following shows each aspect from WXGA 1280X800(16:10) XGA 1024X768(4:3) Aspect Normal Native
Functions This chapter useful and the Security
LAN USB USB HDMI Right Projection Functions USB LAN USB You from the right and of the The currently selected input the of the Press the while Remote The of input that below. LAN USB USB HDMI Right Screen You the operations from the HDMI
Select each input and Right The Screen displayed. Press the Projection Functions The Source displayed when the following buttons input that selected. Source Select and then the Select and then the [Source Search] [Computer] [LAN] [USB] To switch the screen the from
The appear as shown below the the following to switch the displayed the and right Switching the and right Projection Functions Right Press the The the and right Select and then the Press the Switching the and right You both the and right the that input, the the and right appear to the the other reduced. the Select the to and then the Select the and then the The following to the Press the the To the the
connecting USB such as USB or USB to the the the without using This function PC Projecting Without (PC Select from the Screen Projection Functions You while PC the and the You to USB that incorporate security Normal Switching the aspect the aspect Operations the the the Iris The following operations projection. Restrictions with than to the characteristics of JPEG clearly the ratio The following projected. CMYK too high. Specifications that using PC Notes when input or when or warning displayed. Restriction relating to with greater animated than with than The the to the the right the the the to the the right Brightness and Reduction The and to the the right with greater than there input, the the that Background. selected, the Black A/V the
Although the following based the the operations from the PC operating Supports AVI You The only PCM with than and ADPCM. GB. (Motion JPEG) Notes Functions "Switching to the Remote the USB to the the to USB. Starting PC and The that the AC with the Format the FAT16/32. The following as AVI (displays the the of the as JPEG Other or as as shown the following PC and the displayed. "Connecting USB Devices" USB PC BMP PNG JPEG GIF displayed as thumbnail, displayed as AVI (Motion JPEG) "Projecting (Slideshow)" "Projecting the selected or
or buttons to the or to Press the Projecting You memory USB and then If the following (Select displayed, the the to the USB with the Projection Functions buttons to the to or and then the If of the and the the the or the Next the of the and the To to the previous the the or the Previous the top of the and the Press the Select To the Select the the top of the and then the displayed. To to the the selected, the the selected to Top and the The selected displayed.
Projecting the selected or You the played The rotating function Slideshow. Functions the USB while accessed. PC correctly. The displayed. "Starting PC PC or While the or Slideshow. and to the to the Press the such as or off the To PC the USB from the USB the and then from the PC The displayed or the played back.
or buttons to the the the Slideshow that to and then Press the the Projection Functions Select Slideshow the right of the and button. then the Slideshow and the the from the when reaches automatically. If Continuous to On the Option the projected, the displayed the To of the following operations. buttons to to the or previous Press the You to the to the or playback while Slideshow. If Switching the Option to when Slideshow. Press the and Slideshow finished, to the Projecting Press the to the and then the (Slideshow) Press the button, or the to to the the You the following functions when with PC the You the This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. Switching Option from to other than The To when Slideshow, seconds. and Slideshow the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V of the The displayed. "Starting PC PC
You the to Slideshow. You to Seconds. You whether to the Slideshow. Switch Function Functions finished the or buttons to the OK and then the You the when button. You the and Slideshow operations the Option Option Select the of the and then the and Slideshow (V1.3.0 or easily smartphone or reading QR displayed the screen with If to apply the the and then the QR The applied. the following Option displayed, each of the items. Select of the options as and the The following shows the each The or optional wireless LAN the Wireless to Wireless LAN On from the You iProjection from the or from incurred when with the or the responsibility of the the following QR You to the or You to the Ascending or Sort
the QR from the the QR Projection Functions the the the Press the Select Text QR Select Network from Network Text QR IP IP Select LAN Info. from
the QR from front of the that fits the If too from the the read. Read the QR with smartphone or Projecting from smartphone or from using iProjection. Functions the established, the from the connected displayed. the and then the to the and Sound Temporarily (A/V smartphone or The and the displayed. QR the the The search displayed. You this when to the what or to such as when from Press the [LAN] the or the QR from the Network to the QR IP IP the already the the QR or the (only when the LAN), the QR Network or from the to To the QR the the the [LAN] Press the the or the the QR
activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated the Each the [A/V or the cover, A/V or off. Projection Functions the or off. Remote the to played If the while the or the displayed, the or the that back while the It to from the where the while used. closed. the and sound to played back while A/V It to from the where A/V activated. You the when the [A/V A/V from the A/V with the [A/V A/V approximately If to A/V activates and the turned off A/V to ECO A/V Function the A/V activates and the turned off. If to ECO Cover to This allows to the and to the about. The A/V the hours to
You the of the from the Functions This when to to them such as and of the the the appears or the Remote Press the to the Remote the Remote or buttons the the of
the Remote to the to the of the that to the Projection Functions You the from the This function The following operating with Wireless OS OS OS OS OS OS OS OS XP OS Remote It to the Wireless function of the operating the following to the Wireless function. or buttons the the of Expands the each pressed. You that holding the Remote the to the with the USB the to of the following. "Connecting Computer" USB HDMI The ratio appears the The selected to to "Switching to the Remote or the to the
buttons or of the the Once the as follows. the Functions If the to the the operation of the buttons reversed. operating functions other than the Wireless function when the or function, the The Wireless function the following the or screen from connected to the HDMI/MHL MHL (such as the or function click. Press Right click. to buttons: the clicks to the brightness, tint, and and the each Correcting the when Projecting from While holding the or the and the and the brightness and match completely become noticeable. If correction. to the to the to the location. Release the and to the following to Summary of correction
the selected with the the from of the ID. ID selected with ID: Combinations tion You correction when from ID each of the that which corrected. Correct the the ID. Projection Functions match, the ID and from the the ID selected with the the ID: Not You ID the within of to The ID each which operated from the ID and the Press the while ID selected with the ID On the the ID from to the to The following the of IDs the ID and the ID selected with the the ID and match, the from the the ID selected with the ID selected with ID: Combinations tion the of the ID the ID to the selected with the ID selected with ID:
Selecting the ID the to the Select the ID each the the turned the ID the ID from Projection Functions the the of the and the [ID] the the It about three the [ID] the ID seconds. Choose the ID to and the While the [ID] the that matches the ID of the to to and ID each Press the to
You the that currently as the the brightness and tone each to reduce the Functions Correcting Once the to the factory the batch function, the If the of the from another the other "Performing Batch Projectors" information and as the using the with the ID to the used. the Press the Correcting the to as the and then the the the the Select the item to from and then each Select from corrections finished, the to to that to corrected. the ID the to the
the to the of the to as the You the operations from the Projection Functions Remote and the "Select this displayed, the You Protection from Protection to On and the You Protect)" Protection to If selected when Aspect, or the function currently temporarily the factor from the the or the the the to match the of the the the "Choose this as the displayed,
The the the "Completed." displayed. the this as the displayed, Projection Functions It while to the or the previous connected while otherwise malfunctions
to the the of the Protect On to the following the prohibited. Protection The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions Background Screen A/V or from Network Protect On Network to the "Network Network Protection prohibited. You people the the without "Restricting The with the following anti-theft security "Anti-Theft Anti-Theft the about seconds. the following to Protect. Protect Protect activated, people who know the the to the This acts as anti-theft function as the At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that displayed when the Protect activated. Protect) The Protect displayed. Remote On Protect On to On). If the the and turned (this to Direct On Protect The following of Protect to the used. of Protect
The to this to If the While holding the four the buttons. The displayed as the the displayed, and the fourth the displayed. displayed then the If Protect already activated, the If the correctly, the Protect the displayed. Security Functions Select the type of Protect to and then the the the the as further theft Protect If the incorrectly, displayed prompting The accepted." displayed. to the the the displayed, the the While holding the the the buttons. the Press the the displayed Select On and then the Select and then the the
of the following to the buttons the Restricting Security Functions of the buttons the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the the the locked. the Protect temporarily released. This or shows when to buttons or when to operation. The operated the the the Press the while projecting. the "The operation locked." displayed and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and the back The displays the If incorrect three the that the from that appears the and the If the of the the If to the and the operation locked. as "The thirty the following and the
You release the of the following Select from Security Functions the about seconds, displayed and the Press and the released. Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security The with the following of anti-theft security the following the Security The security with the Security Security Select or to the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the The to the chose. Select when the displayed.
Security Functions
allows to and operations remotely. the characters the operations such as the of that connected to and the from the and Microsoft or as the OS X. If to Communication On the to and the (when the off). ECO The following of the and functions that You from the following and the of to Notification browser, items that the The reflected the There items that only the Items the that the Broadcasting The items each the as the Broadcasting to (JPEG to The manually, or Download the Broadcasting software from the following Broadcasting software or specified connected the of SNMP Community to characters) to characters) Items that only with using of connected to the and the This function
The Remote function allows to operations with browser. the Remote screen and the Click Remote the and connected to the with wireless LAN, Advanced If to the displayed. To to that the following to the the The Remote displayed. the IP of the the input of the and the the from the the displayed. the The displayed. the ID You You the Network from the Network the user ID. EPSONWEB as the user ID. the ID and The "From to Projection" the or off. Function
Function the Decreases the Increases the buttons to from the [Computer] Function and the Notification Function to the QR the QR Each the pressed, the through the and HDMI/MHL C such as when the Remote to the the Wireless function (Wireless the following the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Turns the and or off. [A/V the or Notification, to the when or warning with This the to of with locations from the to of three and to three once. Network these buttons displays the previous/next or PC with USB using USB to If and of the Communication On If to the (when the ECO off). Changes to the input that "Automatically and the Projected (Source Search)" "Switching to the Remote to the with Network Wireless USB this switches to Projection. the optional that [LAN] [Source Search] the function to On and or warning the the following Reading "Switching to the the pressed, through the from the connected to the USB following USB [USB]
SNMP On to the to the specified when or This the to of with locations from the SNMP and Subject: EPSON SNMP should or To the SNMP function to the to The function SNMP wireless The SNMP this with the SNMP to IP who with the LAN Network Others SNMP The of the The below. The IP the where the occurred. The where the occurred and of the ESC/VP21 Commands cover related the and the with USB and then the You and the from USB. commands (ESC/VP21 commands). To and the ESC/VP21 commands, the following input to the the or that the the turned High-speed cooling Iris the USB (EPSON USB-COM to information about the EPSON USB-COM the following to with or "Reading the Indicators"
Command Item SOURCE USB or the the and SOURCE USB SOURCE LAN MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL USB to 21L from the the USB to the USB-B with USB from from the USB (CR) to the of each and Flow length: Parity: the ON transmitted to the the and the turned input, the the command and and then the command. Command If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF SOURCE SOURCE HDMI SOURCE SOURCE
the and then apply the following countermeasures. If the or or the the About ID Check the network and while. Network ID the to Network Projection. the and then the Network unexpectedly. 04FE the the and the to the SSID. with the SSID. Network Projection. the occurred the 04FF Communication from the that the DHCP operating correctly. If using DHCP, Wireless LAN IP off the DHCP to DHCP. or the the If restarting the or Network the Other network information. Communication because the to unauthorized that the wireless LAN security correct. Security The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match.
This chapter to the and its
Select Although the as the operations from the the the the and their operations. This section to the the the Select top Press the to
NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM Items or Top items the and the and projected. Table of Functions Normal, and Native Aspect and Corner and and Sports, Blackboard, Theatre, and Whiteboard Items or Top to Brightness to Front/Rear, Rear, and Remote the QR Info, and A/V Background, to High, and to to Red: to to to to Sharpness Direct On, High Source Search, On Rear, and Rear/Ceiling Projection USB and 21L USB Down, and Right and Normal, High Iris and Normal On and to Tracking or Normal and ECO or to ID On and Light ECO Normal, and Expanded HDMI RGB, and NR1, and NR2 Reduction
Top Search Access Items or Top On and of Functions DHCP, IP Address, and Gateway IP WPA2-PSK, and WPA/WPA2-PSK Security On and SSID On and IP On and Passphrase Security Refresh Info, Source, ID Info Communication On and Communication On and On and A/V On and ECO to Info On and SNMP SMTP Trap IP and Trap IP and Others The of the where the used. On and On and Broadcasting Top Text QR Text LAN Info. On and Network Advanced On and SSID SSID Wireless LAN
the the You tints three (This item selected to from High and The tinted when High selected, and tinted when selected. Function items the and currently projected. each of Functions High light Select to (This item only to or Normal High to or to the to the corrections to match the of the The each Iris" Theatre Iris (This item selected to You the Red, and individually. You the to their the following to items to their Function items the and currently projected. each You the of the to surroundings. "Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting when input. If or input, when NTSC input.) You the tint. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the sharpness. Sharpness
This when or RGB input, this the input RGB input.) Function You the when the USB USB, or LAN. of Functions This graphics, and to (IP with amount of animation. while to Smoothes rough There Select It recommended that this to when which such as (This when RGB input, when Reduction the HDMI/MHL connected to DVD player, the to the DVD player's HDMI to On to Tracking, and to the when the input Function You the input from the If to when to the appears the or such as automatically. If interference to the If to the input to If appear correctly when to the to the connected You input from the connected to to the of the input If correctly when to of the to Normal or to or the connected You when appear the Tracking You when or interference appear the the Aspect Ratio of the Projected You the aspect ratio Aspect You the and right when of the that the whole
You the to or the HDMI, selected, to or to the input the ratio (the of the Function of Functions You the to their the following to items to their and to Select and the four corners of the You and V- You and selected: Corner selected: Corner" to On or Function Switches to You this to operation of the "Restricting
You the to their the following to items to their Function You the of the Function of Functions If to operations from the the the to operations from the You the reception of the operation from the least seconds to the to its You the each Function You and assign item from the You assign of the following items allowing to one-touch to with the Pressing the directly displays the assigned item selection/ Info the QR to the While the displayed, and correction To the the the or the You to the without other when the If
the that the High to On when the Source Search to On to from to to from the as On when from the the currently when the to On to the such as Direct On to On to turn the when the the the used. of restored. Function Item when the Source, or Aspect Ratio Background You the background to Black or when to the following items when input, and A/V You the displayed when the [A/V to Black You related to the to On to the such as High Warning. when or displayed. Function of Functions to the operation, ID from to the the ID" that ID ID 21L ESC/VP21 commands. with USB USB USB "ESC/VP21 Commands" USB background Background, A/V and You the that displayed as the [A/V the about You the as follows Select from of the following Rear Rear/Ceiling and the Rear Rear/Ceiling seconds. Projection the following to items to their You the and from the to their You the and Protect to On Protect related to You Protect to
the following information. Wireless LAN Gateway MAC IP DHCP SSID Function Info. Wire LAN High and Source Search. Protect)" of Functions Network Protect and the Network Protect On Protect to to and then the Protect" Network information the Wireless LAN used. or the the Wireless LAN Security Others and The following Network items. the QR Network the QR of connected to the functions and the This to such as Security function You easily text LAN On when connecting the to the wireless LAN. If to wireless LAN, turn to unauthorized others. The Wireless LAN On Function network
Selecting from the top and and selected items the as operations from the Notes operating the Network of Functions pressed, pressed, and the the section the and and Each the SYM1/2 selected and the Each the CAPS selected and the The following text Complete to the and or or to the ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ the and the Network the and the Network the Network using the software SSID the and the to the Network buttons the or the this the following software displayed. The Network items that input of alphanumerics Press the the the buttons to the to character. holding the the and the buttons. the to input. Press the to to the selected the and then the input. Soft operations
QR displayed, to the reading the QR with The the the information. "Projecting QR Text QR LAN Info. Function of Functions LAN the to the when editing, to characters. The following characters used: connected to Function If created the to when connecting the becomes easy to the the and It with Network SSID On Projection. If to the Advanced If the established and wireless LAN. created Function to when and the characters used). the connected using You to function that allows to and the through the to On to the when to the to from from other computers. Normally this should to On
DHCP to On to using DHCP If this You from to each field of the the following IP used. You input the the You from to each field of the Gateway You input the IP the the You from to each of the the following Gateway IP You input the IP assigned to the to (where (This item to the following used. to On You from to Advanced IP Function Select the the wireless LAN from (This to The or Function of Functions On this to search the to from this to and the SSID the (This to from SSID that automatically. SSID to (where from to used. SSID SSID the wireless LAN You to characters SSID (This item when to which the the SSID. from the SSID The searches This allows to wireless LAN selecting the (This item Wireless to Wireless LAN On and to Advanced location of the wireless LAN. Search Access To the SSID from displayed the LAN this to SSID To the IP from displayed the LAN this to IP
the You least and to the interests of security, recommended that the If the initialized, to input the the the using with Network Projection, to the characters. Passphrase Function when the Wireless LAN of Functions Security than characters, You to characters the to the the Wireless LAN strongly recommended that security. the of security of the about to access. Security, follow the instructions from the Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security Function authentication or authenticating and without using This WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication the without WPA that the security wireless The TKIP and AES follow the from the of
You to characters the The following characters used: You the or to about that or warning occurred. You to. You to three You input the of the to the to the specified the selected or warning the items from the items. Function this or the of Functions the Function to to On to to the when or warning with You from to each field of the to (where from You input the IP the SMTP the the following IP used. to SMTP Function You input the the SMTP The You input to
of the of Functions Others To of the Network Function To the to the SNMP SNMP should to On to the SNMP. The SNMP Function You from to used. to (where each field of the the following IP You to IP the SNMP from to this to On when to the information the service. Trap IP 1/Trap IP You switch the EPSON Broadcasting function to or Broad casting
input and operations approximately the the to On this when specified of Also, input off. input, the to operating Function ECO the to to each of Functions ECO On to the the off within of to closed approximately the the the cover closed. Also, the cover off. the cover the On to this off the to operating Cover A/V Also, A/V the the off. A/V the to operating to On this off the A/V to Communication On and the from the and Controlling" On to when the brightness from to or to displayed the of the to the power-saving ECO You the ECO to their the following to items to their ECO the too bright, such as when or You the brightness to of Select high or locations to high ECO selected, to and reduced. to On the brightness to the (This item when to projected. This to reduce the amount of electricity lowering the brightness The each to the projected. Normal Light Function tion
the firmware Function the of the and the of the Items that displayed the currently projected. the used, input Info Only) of Functions The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and "Automatically and the (Source Search)" You items the to their The following items to their Hours and items the Network Function You the following information. Refresh Rate Info ID Source Info Function Clears the hours when the
This section to batch using USB USB Performing Batch Once the function). The batch function with the to batch (batch The batch function USB that incorporate security USB that The batch function USB or FAT USB incorporate security USB The following reflected the batch function. the Network the and the and from the Info Others This the USB and the USB connecting the and with USB USB of the following the from the and that of the turned off. the USB to the USB-A to the USB correction, reflected the batch function. If batch the the the such as batch the the batch function, the the other information and as the Performing batch the responsibility. If batch to and the incurred.
the as follows, release the the USB directly to the If the USB connected to the through USB other than the batch the If batch from another to the USB the or the The batch function overwrite batch The the batch If PJCONFDATA. If the PJCONFDATA section of the the to the USB If the USB You only characters the to the the correctly. correctly. correctly. Performing Batch of the flashing, the batch the from the while the If the disconnected, the the USB from the while the If the USB disconnected, the correctly. correctly. On On On On While holding the the or the the to the
writing normally, the Performing Batch the reflected to the with the If there with there four or of batch the USB the reflected correctly. the batch the USB If the USB other than the batch the reflected the the reflected the USB to of batch correctly. correctly. the the USB Reflecting to other On the from the and that of the turned off. the USB containing the batch to the USB-A
the USB from the while the written. If the USB flash disconnected, the If the disconnected, the the from the while the correctly. correctly. While holding the the or the the to the Performing Batch writing normally, the the as follows, release the Connecting the and with USB the the USB On On On On On The about seconds. The following operating the batch function. OS or or of the flashing, the
the as follows, release the the from the and that of the turned off. Performing Batch to the USB to the USB-B with USB The as the If to the of the batch text PJCONFDATA. If the PJCONFDATA section of the the to the correctly. On On On On the and the batch to the While holding the the or the the to the USB and then the USB OS X, EPSON_PJ". The
the as follows, release the the from the and that of the off. Performing Batch Reflecting to other the USB to the USB-B with USB The as the On On On On While holding the the or the the to the
The the of the Copy the batch that to to the top of the Performing Batch USB and then the The batch or the USB correctly. the USB or the or USB connected cord, and then try of the or other than the batch to the USB and then the USB OS X, EPSON_PJ". or the the Writing the and Stop using the the from the and occurred the firmware. flashing flashing the from the while the written. If the disconnected, the correctly. of the flashing, the flashing flashing flashing flashing writing normally, the
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
If with the the to the You the the the the the the The displayed. Press the Confirm the selection. Select the the and displayed as shown the below. Press the to the
the the following the function to the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. the following the clearly what the might The with the following four The and of the shows the of the the Reading the Indicates the to the the this Explanation Indicates the internal Indicates the C Indicates the supply Communication On If the disconnected and connected this the The and (when to flashes Network This the immediately turning the Warm-up seconds the this off the the Warm-up Flashing
Explanation supply This the immediately turning off the this buttons Cool Flashing when the the this If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they The Normal Stop the the from the and or the the Stop the the from the and or the the or Flashing Flash The off and about about that the and clear, and that the the switches to the following High (Overheating) from the and or the the If the the the the "Cleaning the the If the clean or Flashing Flash Flash using of or High to On
or If the Stop the the from the and or the the If the cracked the and the cord. the and cracked. the following the "Cleaning the Clean the Flash If the cracked or the the the replaced.) The the and the correctly. that the and the cover securely installed. the of or High to On the the from the and or the the Iris Flashing Flashing Flash Flash that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) High Warn "Cleaning the the If the clogged, or Flashing State State Flash
or If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as the following the operating properly, though the showing the the with State Flashing State Flash If the shown this the the from the and or the the
sound heard or the sound Other If of the following and the offer to the each the There the when USB The to the and the using Projection the completely or the completely appear and nothing projected, or played back from appear the to Projection The "Not supported" The displayed of or Interference or appear of the displayed, the height and of the correct, or the appear The or the aspect ratio or the from top to or to right. appear The whole appears purplish or white, or appear right The when
to The connected correctly or supplied. the correctly. "From to Projection" the switched off? Check that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to the the appear the closed the cover completely. the A/V closed? Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? USB USB using USB to USB of the the correct? USB or the when using USB or displayed that the USB connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the USB connected correctly? when USB the to the the connected when from the correct? input such as completely the to completely when Applications using the DirectX function correctly. when USB or the DirectX function displayed?
the from the to only. or the The to copyright protected that played back the with the the of the trying to copyright protected? the to the LCD and the when from or with built-in LCD Projection to On If operations specified of while A/V to On If the A/V Cover to On If approximately the cover closed. To the from switching off automatically, each to If of these to On the off the following "ECO input. Cover or A/V to On If the power-saving and operations specified of the operation the to the the power-saving the to the the connected when from the correct? The "Not displayed to the to the and the refresh from Displays" the the and the refresh to the when
The the to as as the own when If the while the of the or already turned the (Function that the to Turn the the and the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory "From to Projection" off and then back the the [Source Search] the or the and the Projected (Source Search)" the selected? that the securely connected. "From to Projection" the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or the to the with built-in LCD If the power-saving and operations specified of the disappear. the to the the power-saving Computer's If the with this off, manually the "Correcting manually" to On to Turn the to the "Correcting the the correctly? of or of the recommended and within the recommended the the
the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the Interference or appear If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? the to the the connected when from the correct? that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? Click EPSON USB USB and then clear the layered selected? when USB the to If the correctly Press the the or the Tracking from the the and Tracking correctly? when Computer's EPSON USB USB Click and then the of the smooth. (This when this selected. the of the smooth. selected? The when USB
The or the aspect or the If activated the of the about of the the To the the off the when the the to the You the from the Press the the or the the correctly? the to the the connected projected? when Press the the to of the the the installed, the from of the following: Projection Rear Rear/Ceiling the correct? the that the with the "Supported Displays" when the selected? Computer's the following to the the connected the from connected to the the input match the from the connected right the from connected to the or the Brightness from the Brightness the brightness correctly?
that and that there the that the securely connected. "Connecting the connected correctly? the and from the the and correctly? when from the from the the correctly? the from the the correctly? Brightness the and from the Brightness the brightness correctly? the from the the correctly? ECO appear the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the to the The become when high or location to high Although this to the the high or location to high The becomes the too within the recommended and Projection of the
when The connected correctly or supplied. and then the cord. "From to Projection" the switched off? that outlet or functioning correctly. Press the to turn the the The turn There the cord, or the the cord. If this the the the from the and or the the the and off when the touched? Press the the If to the to the to Remote the from the Remote operation restricted? the from the and then the that the securely attached to both the and sound heard or the sound Other the that sound heard. the the or the connected to the the
Press the [A/V the to A/V the and Sound Temporarily (A/V A/V active? Click EPSON USB USB and then from the from the selected? when USB If when HDMI the connected to PCM connected with HDMI using the There the (only when USB If the the to the while the to the the Turn the and turn the the the to the while the to the The the location where light the receiver. Remote sunlight or light from the receiver? The operating the about "Remote operating the too from the the Remote from the Remote the the Remote selected? the the receiver. "Remote operating the light-emitting the the operation? the correctly or the with necessary. the batteries" the or the correctly?
to the and On To the function when the from ECO the Communication On to the from the the the If the or the the abnormality and the to to the the correctly. the function correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the "EPSONWEB" as the ID. This the ID the the characters the as the The the ID and correct?
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
the with or the to as easily become You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning Clean the and the when the following displayed. "The overheating. nothing the and or the Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. shock. Cleaning the If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the Clean the with cloth. cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the Warning that to and from the The catch fire to the high of the
If displayed, cleaning, to the with the Cleaning three months. Clean them often than this using the It recommended that these least once every
The or to This section to the and the to the and of the The to appear the following Normal to About hours ECO to About hours ECO If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as to the Please or The following displayed. www.epson.com to purchase." It to the when: the repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. the characteristics of the and the used, appears. You should ready the become or the warning the of EPSON option The of malfunction caused the of covered and or warranty. The when the from to the The flashing and the flashing The seconds.
that the If the of which the should that the cracked, and should to the of the cover, the cover gently. when the cover as shards of and injury. If or the If or the and used, fire, shock, or of or mouth, physician the there immediately. Warning cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the the fixing screws. with the or cross-head screwdriver. Then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver cover straight and to the sufficiently cooled and then the cover the top of the off the and the the cord.
the the the that fits and once the screws. the If the cracked, with or further the section of the and
the the cover. If the displayed though the cleaned, the The when the from to the off the and the the cord. the cover. the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please regulations or recycling. cover correctly, the of with The records the turned and and when to the the the from the the hours the cover and straight the the indicated correctly. the the replaced.
of properly with Polyurethane ABS regulations. the cover. the from the and clicks the
(aspect ratio ELPSC30 ELPSC31 purchase these products as and when The following of optional to without and The following optional and Please and as of: of the country of purchase. Optional and ELPKC02 ELPKC09 Computer ELPKC10 This ELPSC26 when operating the the Optional Interactive Unit ELPIU01 when the high ELPKC19 to ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount when to establish one-to-one the and with this to from wireless when such as OHP or ELPDC06/ELPDC11/ELPDC12/ELPDC20 Wireless USB ELPAP09 Wireless LAN ELPAP07 Soft carrying ELPKS63 to the from or the the when the screen that easily. (Aspect Ratio roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC32 ELPSC27 ELPSC28 ELPSC29 to the as as ELPLP78 ELPAF32 roll-type (aspect ratio ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25
to and Unit: to Screen Unit: from the of the receiver's to the of the (or to the top of the from to of C
Unit: to and
when other than those input, that the functions supported. Supported Supported Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV SDTV Refresh Rate XGA WXGA VGA SVGA RGB) Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV SDTV SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA Refresh Rate TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) HDMI WSXGA+ UXGA MAC19" MAC13" MAC16" XGA WXGA VGA SVGA when selected as the from the MAC21"
Refresh Rate WXGA+ Supported SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+ WXGA++ SXGA SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV MHL Refresh Rate HDTV HDTV HDTV VGA SDTV SDTV
EB-W28 Product Specifications Specifications WXGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) Polysilicon TFT active LCD (Communication On): to AC10%, supply UHE ELPLP78 Manually (Communication (Communication On): to to +30C to to +35C to to +60C to Connectors RCA
RCA DIN Specifications HDMI PCM) HDMI/MHL USB A) USB-A USB B) USB-B Supports USB USB to that USB. USB supported.
This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Specifications of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to instructions, interference to there that interference off and the user to try to the and reception, which turning the interference or of the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that that the operation. the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H654C/H664C LCD of Product: EPSON
Units: Appearance of from of to fixing 3-M4
This section the terms that the text of this to other publications. of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without The ratio and its with ratio of such as HDTV known as SDTV and displays aspect ratio of Aspect Ratio that the (Y), and or and or The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP that the and HDCP High-bandwidth Protection. It to copying and copyrights encrypting DVI and HDMI the HDMI/MHL this HDCP, protected HDCP the to protected with or of HDCP HDCP High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) to Gateway wireless LAN which through information to other from the top of the and to the to every other information to the though the of the the amount of the of information with High-definition interfaces such as smartphones and high and high without the and charges connected MHL to connected to IP to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV
operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP SSID connecting to another wireless LAN. Wireless with the SSID. SSID This that the of the from the IP that the (Y) and (C). screen with of SVGA The from If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the and interference The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking This the IP the SNMP. Trap IP with of SXGA with of XGA with of VGA
Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft XP operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations rights of this publication reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or or means, mechanical, from the of the information Notes Furthermore, the to XP", and to with the this the operating to as and of to XP, Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. OS OS OS OS OS OS OS from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or without further this and the this the operating to as OS OS OS OS "OS "OS and "OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. or functional/precision or related to please this to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as should this only to including and reliability/safety such as related to this high Restriction of
Microsoft, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other EPSON and ELPLP or of the SEIKO EPSON HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or WPA and WPA2 of OS, and OS of Apple Inc. of Inc. service of Apple Inc. CORPORATION. Notice: Notes MHL, the MHL and High-Definition the or Other and of their respective owners. and rights those "QR of DENSO WAVE INCORPORATED. of MHL and LLC the United States and/or other countries. of HDMI Licensing LLC. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights