Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the The and the graphical to to the indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates which or The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the the Remote or the Select "Brightness" from the Indicates items. Brightness Brightness
Introduction This chapter the and the
foot to to and You easily height with hand. Its light and easy to carry. Compact and lightweight The front from the and Connecting with USB and (USB with USB Compatible with both and connecting the to from the OS. where centrally, such as the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. turning the off, the without to the to cool Direct On/Off cool The A/V easy to and and closing the A/V You and easily which clear
EB-W10/X10 Enhanced security connecting USB or to the Slideshow of JPEG such as with and easily, with to Projecting JPEG USB or without restricts the You this to people without and who the Protect to and with HDMI of such as and RGB to the HDMI such as DVD You high-quality and and to
to cool the internally. Function The that of EB-W10/X10. From features using of EB-W10/X10 otherwise mentioned. and Functions when the to the closing the and the sound (A/V A/V otherwise affected heat the that become or and or the while the to and the A/V A/V C from the Remote the Foot to and the foot. Foot when the such as and the of the foot to cool the internally. If collects it the to and this service life. to clean the to with and the regularly. and when the cover The Security with the Security Security this cover when the Function the (EB-W10/X10/W9/X9/ X92 only)
from and from other input Function the Function and Functions Connects USB or and JPEG Slideshow. USB(TypeA) The following the of USB Light ON: USB connected Light ON: USB operating OFF: USB connected connected to USB(TypeA) Light ON: USB (EB-W10/X10/W9/X9/X92)" (EB-S10/S9/S92)" Rear (EB-W10/X10) operation of such as You the following functions to with the USB USB USB(TypeB) and of the USB from input Wireless from the the other from the Remote to the from C Function and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI Screw to the cover Fixing Screw
You the following functions to with the USB USB USB(TypeB) Function and Functions Rear (EB-S10) of such as the sound of the currently to and of the USB from input Wireless from the Function from and from other input to the C from the the other from Screw to the cover Cover Fixing Screw
You the following connecting to with USB USB USB(TypeB) Function Rear (EB-W9/X9/S9/X92/S92) and Functions of such as the sound of the currently to and of the USB from input Wireless from the Remote Function to the from the or other connected to the input This input to other than the input to the C from the the other from Screw to the cover (EB-W9/X9/S9 only) Fixing Screw from and from other input
through and Function Security C and Functions (EB-W10/X10/W9/X9/X92) the or off. The of the and whether they flashing or the of the to the input that connected to the and Function Function [Source Search] C the optional mount when the from to and to the foot mount fixing
(EB-S10/S9/S92) If of the Tracking and to the or displayed, and the selection and to the Function and Functions If when or when Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 displayed, these items and Corrects and only), the buttons the Function and the which shows to with they displayed, to the the function. If when If when or when Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 displayed, these buttons items and the and only), the buttons the Turns the or off. The of the and whether they flashing or the of the to the input that connected to the and If of Tracking the and to the or displayed, and the selection and to the [Source Search] C and the If when or displayed, these items and Corrects
Remote and the which shows to with they Function and Functions displayed, to the the function. If when reduces the and the If when or displayed, these buttons items and the Pressing the increases and the
or displayed, it and the selection and to the Function the On or Function and Functions displayed, to the previous the function. If when Acts as right when the Wireless function. Acts as when using the Wireless function. Decreases the Increases the the pressed, the through the and HDMI (EB-W10/X10 only) input C USB and Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only). the pressed, the [USB] to from the input [Computer] and the which shows to with they Each the pressed, the Press to the on-screen when The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] If of the Tracking and to the with USB and while the connected to the the and or off. [A/V (Down) Brightness assigned as items. the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch Press to assign item from the four the or when of that the without the the displays the previous/next only) Slideshow, this and the buttons to the input that connected to the and [Search] Remote light- or displayed, selects items and the the pushed. Wireless function, the
Functions This chapter and the Security
20MB or Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB connecting USB from the from the This function USB using USB to the to displayed. greater than and than or Connecting Service or XP Service or Service OS Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or 256MB or 20MB or Amount of Memory than and than or OS or OS OS supported. OS Recommended: Core or PC G4 or CPU 512MB or Amount of Memory
Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB Turn the Procedure To from the to the to the USB to the (supplied). the A/V C Turn the the directly to the and USB "Connecting the first "From the
to the If to installation, If the USB Select Click Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB the first to the The and OS. Connecting the first projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while C projected. EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. Procedure The disconnected the USB There to the finished, the USB authority, displayed and to the software. this try to the and then try to the the and Service
If the USB EPSON PJ_UD USB the USB If nothing reason, the USB USB If there the from If from the USB the the USB connected. the Applications the Connecting with USB and (USB EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB If automatically, If nothing reason, EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE From the "From the when connecting the The USB OS It while Please Uninstalling If selected, USB If to the displayed, the to Double-click the "USB C Follow the on-screen instructions to EPSON USB and USB from the the Application OS the USB the and the projected, the as and the USB or off the to the It while projected. Click the or the and from the displayed, and then the USB finished, the USB
EB-S10/W9/X9/S9/X92/S92 USB and the input from the projected. The input from connected Source Search You the the following the Projected and the (Source Search) You the buttons to to the input directly to the USB C input when the [Source You the as input with Search] EB-W10/X10 connected, this operation. the the Procedure USB HDMI C
You directly to the the following buttons the Remote Switch to the or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. the The following showing the of or when found. You the input where the to connected. If when the that the currently about seconds, the EB-W10/X10 Each the pressed, the USB and C Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only). the pressed, the through the S- and HDMI (EB-W10/X10 only) input Changes to from the input
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Functions Enhancing Projection Remote You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The of the the selected. bright This the brightest and tones using bright Application the the the and the If the while the displayed the to the The using the from the such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre only when RGB input or the Source to USB when or or USB (EB-W10/X10 only). input. tint, when Blackboard this Blackboard the whiteboard. Whiteboard that to the
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the to the brightness of the displayed and Functions the Iris You this when to the what or to such as when from Press the and Iris from the the the the Remote Procedure Procedure The each Select "On". the or the cover A/V or off. C Press the to the Iris only when the or Theatre
The to back the If the while the or displayed, the or while the and to from the where it while used. cleared. If this function when the activated from the choose to Black or as the A/V using the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V activated. A/V from the Functions Projection the A/V closed approximately activates and the turned off. If to the to from the activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without projecting the function activated the Remote Procedure Each the button, or off.
the aspect ratio when that recorded or the aspect ratio when connected that Functions Projection the Aspect Ratio The and the of Aspect as follows. Remote Procedure the the Aspect displayed the and the aspect ratio If the while the Aspect displayed the to the Aspect Aspect The Aspect using the from the
Normal Each the pressed, the Native and EB-W10/W9 the aspect ratio Functions EB-X10/S10/X9/S9/X92/S92 Each the switches and Normal input from the HDMI the and aspect ratio based information from the input only) input from the HDMI displayed. selected, displays aspect ratio based information from the input only) Native C
from the the aspect ratio as follows. the aspect ratio (EB-X10/S10/X9/S9/X92/S92) Functions Enhancing Aspect input to the the aspect ratio of the input Displayed when the Normal aspect ratio based information from the input. This when to aspect to the aspect ratio of ratio of to the Displayed when the HDMI (EB-X10 only) input aspect This when If of the or Normal from the the of the
You the aspect ratio as follows. EB-W10/W9, the (aspect ratio to WXGA the Aspect to the aspect ratio (EB-W10/W9) Functions Aspect input to the the aspect ratio of the input Normal input to the aspect ratio of aspect ratio based information from the input Displayed only when the HDMI (EB-W10 only) input
Projection Aspect input the input aspect ratio as that the projected. Functions Enhancing Projection input input the of the input to the If the the of the of the This clear projected. Native Normal If of the or from the the of the
the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Functions Enhancing Function with the buttons, the and You choose from three of from the or the Procedure the the appears or
to the of the that to the This when to to them such as and of the Functions Projection with the buttons, the and Remote C Remote Procedure the pressed, the expanded. You holding the You reduce the the Press the to
You the function and the function The ratio appears the The selected to to Functions Enhancing Projection OS OS OS OS OS 98SE XP OS the USB of and the USB(TypeB) the of the connected with USB the Remote to the function) or the up/down. buttons to the or Press the the Remote as from the USB To the function, USB to Wireless to USB the Wireless The Wireless function when the It to the function to the function to used. the the or HDMI (EB-W10/X10 only). You this of both the and operating function while USB further
buttons, the and with the the and the connected with USB the operated as follows. clicks the Functions If the to the the The function while the following operation of the buttons reversed. While the While While the Source displayed While the function While the function While While While While USB operated While While sound While switching input functions used. click: Press the Right click: Press the button. click: Press and Release the to the location. buttons. or While holding the the
from the USB To with the to USB without the Functions Projection This the or Slideshow. of operation To previous To
to the the of the Protect On to the following Background A/V and from the the prohibited. Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions the following to Protect. Protect The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft You people the the without the about The Protect displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure Protect activated, people who know the the to the it At the of purchase, Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as anti-theft as the Protect activated. Protect) and turned (this to Direct On). If the On Protect On to the On Protect The following of Protect to the used. of Protect
If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the Security Functions If the incorrectly, prompting accepted." displayed. to the the (The with EB-X92/S92.) the the the as further theft On Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the Turn On Protect". the displayed, the the the Remote While holding the the the the buttons. the Procedure Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the button. C Turn Protect". While holding the four the buttons. The as the The displayed, and then the button. The the this to If the the fourth the displayed. Select and then the shown the
the and from the the Procedure "The If incorrect three the locked." displayed about and The displays the that If the of the that appears the and the then the switches to If this the the and then back and the from the approximately seconds the and Service the Security Functions the the If to the operation and input the thirty the following displayed and the "The operation locked. as of the following to the operation buttons the Restricting Operation Select or of the the locked. You operations from the including turning the or off. of the buttons the the locked. The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated using the
the includes the following security to the often mounts and from the Anti-Theft You release the of the following Security Functions through the to the to or theft-prevention Security You about the The Security with the Security Security the www.kensington.com/ Security From the Remote Press and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. from the the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the
Connecting with Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only) Slideshow, USB or to the and directly the the Specifications of that Projected Slideshow It to USB with security to the characteristics of JPEG with high ratio clearly. The following projected. CMYK with If USB the Slideshow function correctly. Devices such USB than length. If the Slideshow or to the using USB and using as and USB should connected to the the AC with the with, or specified with the function correctly. directly. To USB To A) C USB that as the Format the to FAT16 or FAT32. Connecting and USB Devices Slideshow to the USB(TypeA) the USB containing the to played back to the using USB with, or specified with Connecting USB
You memory USB and If the following appears, the to the to USB with the with Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only) and off the to the finishing the USB from the USB(TypeA) and then USB buttons the and to the then the Starting and Slideshow Starting slideshow To the Select the to to four the the top of the and the the USB or the to the Switch the to USB. The Slideshow and displays the Procedure This section the back and Although the following based the the operations from the Slideshow. Slideshow Operations To Slideshow, the connected USB from the USB slideshow Procedure buttons to the the or to and Press the Procedure
If selected, the the displayed. On the to Top showing the of the and the button, the to the displayed The selected displayed. Press the with Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only) JPEG the Slideshow function rotated JPEG played back Slideshow rotated. Rotating the Slideshow and JPEG or slideshow than JPEG To JPEG the following to JPEG or JPEG Procedure JPEG displayed as thumbnails of the It JPEG to as thumbnails. this of displayed. or While JPEG the To Slideshow the If of the and the the Next (Down) the or the to the of the then the To to the the the Previous or the to the top of the then the
Although the following based the Remote the operations from the with Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only) Slideshow. The appears. Procedure to the the to and Press the Projecting C Press the The projected. This function back slideshow) the (Slideshow) selected The Slideshow offers to USB or This function the selected. Projecting the selected the USB while accessed.Slideshow correctly. Attention
Slideshow. Procedure with Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only) buttons to the to the which to the Slideshow, and and then the Press the C Select "Slideshow" the of the and The Slideshow the the the The appears. Once the Slideshow reaches the the to the If Continuous to On the Option once the Slideshow reaches the repeated from the While Slideshow, to previous/next or playback. You sequentially, This function Slideshow. the following to Slideshow. If the the (Slideshow) If switching to the Option the Slideshow. Press the or the (Down) to the playback of the the switching to other than the Option This To the Slideshow, the to
the each Slideshow playback. to from to seconds. to switch whether or to the Slideshow. Continuous with Slideshow (EB-W10/X10 only) and Slideshow buttons to the and "OK", then The applied. C Press the the to when You the of the and the of the Slideshow the Option to the then the button. Select "Option" from to the which to the the displayed and the and Press the Procedure If to apply the the to and the button. the to the of the item to each item the following Option and the to active. The following shows the of each the of the Select from and
This chapter to the and its
the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the Source currently as shown the following shots. each Source and its of Functions /USB /USB Function input RGB input EB-W10/X10 only when NTSC input You the Tint. You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the Brightness. Brightness You the sharpness. Sharpness (This when to You the of the High selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. (This item selected selected as the from the Red, You the of each individually.
(This item selected or Theatre selected as the from the whether or On to to the light projected. Iris Function of Functions Items that the Source currently as shown the following shots. each Source and its You the when the USB You the to their To items to their HDMI You whether or On the to the when the Function input RGB input EB-W10/X10 to the of the input If the correctly when to such as when of the to the connected or to Normal or You the and right when of the that the whole You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking
or RGB input, this when input. This when IP each field the This with amount of On to to RGB input.) Function of Functions the HDMI connected to DVD and the to the DVD player's (This when RGB input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You input from input HDMI (EB-W10/X10 only) You input from the input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected You the to their To items to their the Aspect to the aspect ratio of the Aspect
EB-S10/S9/S92 EB-W9/X9/X92 EB-W10/X10 of Functions when selected from the On Turn to (EB-W10/X10 only) You the Function You the to or (EB-S10/S9/S92 only) ECO ECO Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about to life: about You the brightness to of You this to operation of the You the of the You the item assigned from the with the the the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following items to the Info You the each Source and
You the to their To items to their Function of Functions Source to the following items displayed. The of the selection when the On You whether or the (the when the displayed. Background Black You the when to or Aspect or when input; such as the High Warning. A/V Black You the A/V as or You related to the Function You the as follows the [A/V the Remote about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling Rear Rear/Ceiling You the that as background Background, A/V and You from the following to the the Projection
to On and the that the such as to On the the off within of to On this off the the A/V closed. to On this when input and operations High to On when using the of Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. to On the of purchase. to restored. Function of Functions Communication On to when the to and from the USB when the to On when the to and from the USB 21L USB to when the and USB and projected. USB to when operation to with the Remote Wireless to when the to operated the Remote You the displays. Protect On Protect Protect to relating to You to Operation You and from the to their To items to their High
the of the and the of the Items that displayed the Source currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) of Functions USB Computer/HDMI reaches the warning the characters displayed yellow. You the operating Function EB-W10/X10 only You the of the to the Source. You the Source the connected currently Source You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the Refresh Refresh Rate The as "0H" the first hours. hours and as "10H", "11H", and This information about that occurred the This information service required.
of Functions 0H You clear the and to when the The following items to their and You items the to their Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and displayed as shown the below. Press the to the the Remote The displayed. Press the Procedure If the to the to Select the the Remote
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three that the operating of the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. warm-up the flashing. The warm-up. Warming USB or cool while the flashing. the this Indicates the operating If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they Indicates the internal Indicates the C
when the the this Flashing the the from the and or the the and Service Stop the the from the and or the the and Service or or flashing The off and about about the switches to that the and clear, and that the If the clogged, or the following High (overheating) If the the the the from the and or the the and Service High On of or to the and cracked. the following If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the If cracked with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced). Clean the using the the from the and or the the and Service Iris High On of or to
to the Flashing flashing or o If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, clean or High Warning or with If the indicated this using the the from the and or the If the operating properly, though the showing to the the and Service
Nothing displayed when the USB connected... relating to USB appear" If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard or the sound "The Remote "A of the displayed" "The Other Projection the completely the completely and displayed sections "The relating to appear" "I to the and from appear and nothing projected. "Interference or appear or of "Projection automatically" supported. displayed" displayed" of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and appear and and LCD reproduction performance, that the the The whole appears purplish or white, and the appearing the match, this of "The or or the aspect ratio right" appear
relating to The There the or the defective. the If this the using the the from the and or the the and Service the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. and then the the switched off? Press the to turn the the Press the the Remote If to the to the to Press the to the the appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely of the the correct? the A/V the A/V closed? the completely the to the the connected when from the correct? when
sections the to only. when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the Projection Press the to the If to the to On to the to the the connected when from the correct? supported. displayed to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the "Supported Displays" that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the and the Refresh Rate to the when displayed the the [Source Search] the Remote or the the input selected? Turn the the the the or turned
the to as as the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting If the to Turn the the and the off and then back while the of the or already turned the function that the If the to the computer's LCD or to the accessory to the to the when from or with built-in LCD or of If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too it of the recommended within the recommended the the Turn the to the the correctly? the to the the connected that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Interference or appear when from the correct? If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? the that the with the Displays" when the selected?
If the correctly the Press the the Remote or the the to and Tracking from the Tracking the and "Tracking correctly? the to the the connected Press the the to the The or or the aspect ratio projected? when when If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the Press the the or the the to from other while from the of the projected. If the correctly the from the correctly? when the the from connected to the input the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected the that the with the when the selected? right from connected to the or input Brightness Brightness the from the the Brightness correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the from the correctly?
the from the the correctly? the and from the the Brightness and Brightness from the Brightness Brightness the and correctly? the and correctly? when from appear the approaches to the the become and the becomes this the with to the the from the correctly?
relating to USB appear using USB the USB to USB USB the correct? that the USB correctly. or connected properly. the USB connected correctly? of the EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB Click and then clear the layered layered selected? Applications that the DirectX function displayed correctly. that the DirectX function displayed? The USB
sound heard or the sound Other using the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the Disconnect the from the and then the the connected correctly? the location where light the Remote sunlight or light from the Remote The operating the about the too from the Check the the Remote the Remote light-emitting the the when operated? The the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? the from the the Check to the and
This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the to
(Rear/Ceiling front of the The the following four to the of the location. optional mount when the from of when the from mount). If correctly, causing If the mount fixing to the screws from or things such as or the the screws from and or and the crack causing to from its mount. This serious to the mount and or the mount, to the and Warning You the as follows the [A/V Rear Rear/Ceiling or from the the Remote about seconds. the its This malfunctions to (Rear from tion) from front of the and from the from the and from the from the
commercially cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning that to and from the The catch fire to the high of the Warning Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. the with or the to shocks, as easily become If the the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the
Clean the and the when the following displayed. Cleaning the Cleaning "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the If collects the the of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately when the the or displayed. If displayed, cleaning, to the with three months. Clean them than this using the It recommended that these least once
This section to the Remote the and the If the of the or that the other the AA or batteries. AA or ready. You becoming this them with the Remote the of the and the to the the Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the cover catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions the Instructions Procedure the with
The to appear the following to the and of the the If to the the passed, the that the increases. the appears, the with as as repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating life. Normal to About hours ECO to About hours the The displayed the of the when projecting. It to the when: the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready to the The flashes The when the from that the If the of or the If or reassembled the and used, fire, shock, or which the should that the and should to the of the cover, the there the cover gently. Warning The or to
cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the turn off the and the the Procedure the cooled then the with the or head screwdriver. Then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver cover straight and to cover.
the the the that fits securely, and the screws. the C the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or further the the
the the cover. The displayed though the cleaned. There tear the It to the when: to the The when the from turn off the and the the the cover. Procedure the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the This includes that mercury Please or recycling. of cover correctly, the with The records the turned and and when to the the the from the the indicated correctly. the Hours the replaced. the hours
of properly with of the Polyurethane of the ABS the cover. the cover and straight C the the from the and clicks the
when the ELPMB23 mount purchase these products as and when The following of optional and as of: of to without and The following optional and Please the country of purchase. Optional and of to the from or the the and Service to this with EB-S92. ELPSC29 ELPSC27 ELPSC28 Optional as as ELPLP58 ELPAF25 This the as the with the ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC02 roll-type screens(Aspect ratio to the through and such as OHP and of these the with the too ELPKC19 to ELPDC06 when the high ELPFP13 ELPFP14
displayed and the You Protect to Protect Protect On If from to You the that currently as Once the to the factory C "Choose this as the displayed, the to the as the the Remote or the to the of the If selected when or Aspect the function currently the to as the and then the the the Procedure the to the of the to as the from the the the buttons and the operations they the the
the this as the The the the Completed. displayed. displayed, the approximately seconds. the previous the or connected while otherwise malfunctions the the Remote You the factor from the "Select this displayed,
Units: to and Projection (EB-W10/W9) Units: to Units: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C Screen
to Screen to and Projection (EB-X10/X9/X92) Units: to from the of the to the of the Projection Units: to (or to the top of the from of C
Units: (EB-S10/S9/S92) Screen and Projection to Units: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C
input or input or If to the while the to You from connected to the On from the such as to the the Connecting to (EB-W9/X9/S9 only) Connecting to You input from connected to the and the the This that when the the with the with To To C
from the built-in and the the or the the using off the its as switches to Connecting to (EB-S10/W9/X9/ S9/X92/S92 only) Connecting to You with built-in amplifiers to the to of sound. with (such as with the the To To C
the ON command to the the and warm-up the turned and the (ESC/VP21 Commands) Command You and the from USB. This connecting the and the with USB and commands (ESC/VP21 commands). If the terminates abnormally, and Command Item input, the the command and and then the command. To and the with ESC/VP21 commands, the following You Procedure SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE HDMI (EB-W10/X10 only) SOURCE SOURCE PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF the USB (EPSON USB-COM to information about the EPSON USB-COM the and Service From the "USB or the B" to "Wireless or Up/Down". SOURCE USB SOURCE USB (EB-W10/X10 only) MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL the USB to the USB(TypeB) From from with USB C 21L" to "On" from (CR) to the of each and
and the (ESC/VP21 Commands) (the with the USB Flow length: Parity:
Supported (EB-W10/W9) Supported Units: RGB) XGA VGA SVGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate WXGA+ WSXGA+ WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC19 MAC13 MAC16 MAC21 when other than those input, that the supported. when selected as the from the
Units: Aspect Refresh Rate Native Normal Units: TV(NTSC) Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Units: from the HDMI (EB-W10 only) TV(PAL,SECAM) VGA Native Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA SXGA SVGA
Native Aspect Refresh Rate Supported SXGA+ UXGA Units: RGB) Supported (EB-X10/X9/X92) VGA SVGA XGA Normal Aspect Refresh Rate WXGA+ SXGA WXGA
Normal Aspect Refresh Rate SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 Units: MAC21 when other than those input, that the projected. Aspect Refresh Rate
Units: Aspect Refresh Rate Supported Units: from the HDMI (EB-X10 only) TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA Aspect Refresh Rate SXGA+
Supported (EB-S10/S9/S92) Supported Units: RGB) VGA SVGA XGA Normal Aspect Refresh Rate WXGA+ WXGA SXGA SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 when other than those input, it that the projected. supported.
Units: Aspect Refresh Rate Supported Units: TV(NTSC) Aspect Refresh Rate TV(PAL,SECAM)
EB-S92 EB-S9 EB-X92 EB-X9 EB-W9 EB-S10 EB-X10 EB-W10 Product Specifications Specifications SVGA (W) (H) XGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) including section) TFT active (W) (H) WXGA (H) SVGA (W) (H) XGA (W) (W) (H) WXGA to AC to 1.2A to to to to to AC to 1.4A UHE ELPLP58 UHE ELPLP58 to AC to 1.2A to AC to 1.4A supply tion On): tion 280W tion On): 2.6W tion 0.3W 244W tion On): 2.6W tion 0.3W (Communication On): (Communication to tion
tion On): tion 265W tion On): 3.9W tion 0.4W 234W tion On): 3.9W tion 0.4W (Communication On): (Communication to Specifications to +35C to to +60C
EB-S92 EB-S9 EB-X92 EB-X9 EB-W9 EB-S10 EB-X10 EB-W10 Product tors Specifications RCA (L, R) HDMI PCM) HDMI DIN RCA input D- USB A) USB USB B) USB This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. USB(TypeA) and USB(TypeB) to that USB. Supports USB Supports USB of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or instructions, interference to there that interference of the following Airport CA Inc. MS: Located the outlet from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. or the which the connected. with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that responsibility that the operation. the FCC this It the of the to and interference which the established the the authority to the connected to interfaces. or than interface the FCC or Declaration of this and shielded interface with this If this The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING H367C/H368C/H369C/H374C/H375C/H376C/ H390C LCD of Product: EPSON
EB-W10/X10/S10 Appearance EB-W9/X9/S9/X92/S92 Units: from of to fixing of
This section easily terms that with the and that the text of this to other publications. The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the that the and together. The type of commonly household to The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of which the and to to that of three and (Aspect Ratio) Aspect Ratio of High-bandwidth Protection, which to copyright protection that copying encrypting the and HDMI the HDMI this HDCP, protected HDCP technology, the HDCP to protected the HDCP of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and displayed alternately. High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or aspect ratio of HDTV to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and The light-emitting of the and of this, the Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV High- Definition SDTV operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected international that that that easily to of whereby the from from top to to type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C
The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the Tracking. If Tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA
OS OS OS OS rights of this reproduced, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of information Neither Corporation. with to the of the or or mechanical, from the of the information Notes this the operating to as OS OS OS and OS Furthermore, the OS" to to them. Notice: Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this unauthorized repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Microsoft, NT, and the or of the Microsoft Corporation HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International and of Apple Inc. of the United States and other counties. Corporation. from the of options or products other than those as Corporation or Products or Products Corporation. The of this or updated without further this and the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights of HDMI Licensing LLC. Microsoft XP Edition operating Microsoft XP Professional operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating Microsoft operating About Notations to with XP, and and of XP", and Furthermore, this the operating to as the collective to to the