About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following to the the below. Instructions/Support and Service This information the and includes warranty service, and troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the (this This information the operations, the troubleshooting and Notations this indications that the and correctly, the and the to to the user or to others and the of to property. The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the information TIP Indicates buttons the or Indicates items. "Image"-"Color Indicates the of the of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the This information that, possibly death or to incorrect This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect Indicates where or to the the procedures correctly. Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
Checking the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. (with cover) Remote to the and to the CD-ROM Instructions/Support and Service instead of CD-ROM, or the
Table of of the and the the Projection Connecting Sources.......................12 Operations and Turning the and the expected Turning the off Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the aspect Advanced and brightness RGB Functions the of the EH- TW3000/TW2800) of the EH- TW4000)...................................................30 Rear..............................................................8 Appearance...................................................9 the Remote the the the Projection Projection the of the Quality Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Preset Quality (Memory Function)......................................24 and Memory "Memory"
Troubleshooting Reading the the (warning) or flashing...............................................................39 operation..................40 Cleaning..................................................... Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the operating the relating to when with the Optional Accessories/Consumables of Supported RGB) from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Specifications of the operation Quality Troubleshooting
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following If "Theatre", "Theatre Black or "Theatre Black selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. This with the this to the and the clearer, Sophisticated to the the and tones to the to the offset and RGB and the and of RGBCMY to that match the Theatre Theatre Theatre
with function The function allows the of the to and without the This allow the to with from or to the Advanced functions Advanced such as Iris" and "Sharpness (Advanced)" to With the Iris function turned the amount of light to match the projected, to with and perspective. The Sharpness function to the to such as and clothing. of of the other functions that as follows. EPSON White to overexposure that that too bright. that both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory that allow to and easily using the that to the that they or to from turning the and the with throw throw provided. only) of approximately of the
and Functions Top Turn the to the of the to the or right. cover this cover when the the the which cools the of the the immediately or while it becomes to the that the when top. with function the as the buttons the to "Remote further these buttons. Top Source of input and switches to input Warning Flashes or lights to with the cover using the this to the to the from and Remote light- from the (top) below Turn the to the of the or below the Projection from Remote light- from the
Remote the on/off. Source buttons Switches the input to the input terminals indicated each of the the to their when while the Press to items and and the Memory loads, and memory RGBCMY the and brightness each RGBCMY the and clears the Remote light-emitting and Functions of the the seconds that they to the previous when while the the While this to the item and to the the to the Aspect the aspect ratio to match the input Sharpness the sharpness. off and the temporarily. while the the and appears.
and Functions Rear input to the of the input to of [HDMI1] input to HDMI or to [HDMI2] input to HDMI- or to input to the or of the This cooling the of the If collects the the the and with operation or of the The should cleaned periodically. fixing the optional mount when the cover from [PC] input HDMI with connected to the input the of the to and To this the commercially-available through of the whichever to the RGB of the [RS-232C] Connects to RS-232C to the from the This cover switch Press to the cover. the turned DC from this the turned off or with operation the becomes to the ON/OFF to Security switch the the optional cover
Appearance 5-M4 from of to fixing of of Units:mm
the the further from the the While to the below, the that the the the The should as the Shortest to to to to to to to to to The to the and useful when using the the following locations. from the high location to the that the right front of shelf, positioning the of the the correction optically. the function should used. the of Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Shortest to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to This the height from the of the to the of the It the Units: Highest to Lowest to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Units: Highest to Lowest to to to to to to to to to to to to to to If the to the then the
Projection from directly front from the of the from from the the and that they TIP of when the from the mount). If correctly, causing and injury. If the mount to the screws from or things such as or the the crack causing to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or the mount, to the screws from and or and the which or or where there or other Clean the least once months. Clean the using the the its This malfunctions to Projection You the EPSON plate around when the from the from the Projection of the plate pressed, the slightly, around and then back the
Connecting Sources (VHS VCR, DVD the connected. RCA (commercially- specially-shaped such the accessory or optional that with the to the The that should to to the the type of that the of of The of the to as follows, of [HDMI You should to the with the to what of the The TIP Turn the off both the and the them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or (commercially- (commercially- HDMI that conforms to the HDMI specifications. HDMI HDMI (commercially- (commercially-
the the the and indications the cover. the and the that they correctly. If the of the or that the becoming If this the with or as batteries. other than or used. TIP the Remote received within this At the of purchase, the the the the the cover while its the the the
Starting and Projection Turning the and the If there with though the and connected correctly, to TIP the cover. Turn the switch. If the "Direct On" to "On", the of the ON when the switch ON, without to the of the or the The with "Child function that children from turning the and the and function that mis-operations. of about the "High to "On". This with function that when input switched. If or with LCD connected to the to or function to the While holding the (the with such as the selection Computer's Turn the (Commercially- ON the while Remote Turn the the connected of selection NEC SOTEC HP IBM LENOVO SONY DELL or OS, the selection
the expected If than connected, or projected, the or the buttons to the the the first, then the the Press the that the of the that the connected to. the of the from the input to the from the connected the TIP Turning the off Turn the off the that connected to the Press the or the The following displayed, or once the expected Turning the off the expected Turning the off Starting and Projection the displayed. Each of the the to the input to The input switched when operations about three seconds with the input You to switch to the cool-down (approximately seconds) completed, flashing around the and then off the switch. or electricity the cover. If the from and the cover the cover the anywhere, the Operations
the Screen Turn the to the If the directly front of the the function to the of the vertically or within the shown right. While turning the the where heard currently about the of the The to the and the The shifted vertically when it shifted the amount. the shifted vertically the amount, it shifted to of the of the that the shifted from the Projection Turn the to the of the Projection the to the the amount. the 1/2V 1/2V 1/2H 1/2H upwards to the right to the
1/2H 1/2V the of the from the that the front to the You to the first such as and using the without to If the pressed, the appears. To the the of the the Operations
Quality Select Operations to Press to the selection. *If the Select disappears. If that or the aspect function such as or the of or infringing the author's right that protected copyright TIP Selecting the Selecting the Press and the from the using the Selecting the aspect Selecting the aspect Press and the aspect from the or input to the [HDMI1], [HDMI2] or input the aspect "Normal" and input input recorded input Not input. Not with If the become Normal. to the HDMI1/HDMI2 Normal
Theatre using bright Black such as matches or TV bright It recommended that this when and Theatre the selected, the EPSON and the of the exactly. Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Black appear the and right of the HDTV the appear recorded or DVD software the as the projected, the elongated Quality completely clear tone of might professional when creating DVD software. tone of that the of the theatre. You from of the input to the HDMI1 and HDMI2 Theatre Black Theatre Black Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio the height as the the top and of the from If this the of the from the top and reduced the that the with and the truncated, the Caption to the height as the At this the ratio the of the become the and right of the This when there to the of the the appear to what they would their both of the the of the appears and of Quality
Advanced You "Sharpness" or "Advanced" to the to The and "RGBCMY" the directly the buttons the The the memory that them and apply them to the Differences the when projected, and to this. (Projection temporarily such There of One to of the correction The other which with reference to the or The the input and its the when to Color". and The and brightness each of the (red), C and (yellow) when to Color". and brightness from the correction or (UP or DOWN) to the correction that the connected and from or and then or to the selection. the to the of the selected, the of become the become oversaturated. This indicated the the selected, the bright of become This indicated the the
the tone of the to bluish, and the of the Brightness the brightness of the from the or (UP or DOWN) to "Customized" from the that and then or to the selection. appear the or to the to the where to the brightness, and or to the selection. The selected and the of the flash, and appear. or (UP or DOWN) to the and then or to the Press to back and or (UP or DOWN) to and the and then "Saturation" or "Brightness" and then or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the To another To the to their Press to the from the or (UP or DOWN) to "Customized" from the that and then or to the selection. appear. or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the where would to the of the tone. or (UP or DOWN) to the and then or to the Press to back and Advanced Quality
Advanced RGB The brightness the (red), and of the and bright when to Color". If to appear clearly, the to the (right) If to the the whole become the become If would bright to appear clearly, the to the If it to the (right) that the becoming brighter and to white, the light become RGB Press and then "Advanced" "RGB" that and the selection. or (UP or DOWN) to and then or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the To the to their Press to the
Quality Further to to sharpness and the amount of light from the to match the search of the Sharpness (Advanced) If "Thin the and the of clothing emphasized. If "Thick the the "Thin emphasized. Instead, the rough of the subject, such as and background, emphasized, to the the sharpness the them to the This input of Iris Iris" the light intensity from the to the of and higher and Tracking of the light to brightness of to "Normal" or "High Speed" preference. when to Color." operation sound of Iris function while This of the Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Press and then "Sharpness". Select "Advanced" the top-right of the to the selection. or (UP or DOWN) to and or (LEFT or RIGHT) to You "Thin and "Thick the using the the top the To the to their Press to the the directly the sharpness ("Standard"/"Advanced") as selected "Sharpness" of the Press and then Iris". Select "Normal" or "High to the selection. Press to the Quality
Preset Quality(Memory Function) commands such as to the the then Memory). the easily, that with the Memory). and memory The that to memory as follows. to to memory. Memory" only the EH- TW4000. Brightness Sharpness Tone RGB Advanced Brightness Iris Displayed input other than EH-TW4000 Quality Memory) and memory Advanced RGBCMY Memory each of the to the to Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory to the to from Memory1 to and or the memory this that already to memory. Select already memory and or displayed. If the memory and the Memory Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory
The selected when the memory displayed the right Memory that to retained when the turned off. The memory to that the the turned The aspect from memory to the they or the input TIP Memory This to and Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory to displayed. If the memory To Memory" the Quality(Memory Function) Memory (EH-TW4000 only) The ("Memory1" to "Memory10") You that its easy to Press and then Memory". The Memory" displayed. Select the memory to and then or The selection displayed. To memory from the displayed the and then or and to If to "Customized". "Customized", the following displayed. or to the and then or Once the and then or Memory Memory The selected or memory the memory to that the this, the displayed the Memory" and Memory" Quality
Functions The to of and and input The following of items the while the Top the operation to the the section. The to the and of the Color" TIP the Press Press or Selecting item or to then of the items the the This useful the of the while the Navigation
or to If when item with to it selected, the selection that item displayed. To to items such as "Brightness" which the to the while the displayed. If the while displayed, the This the If once the displayed TIP Press or to then Functions
Functions of the EH-TW3000/TW2800) input, the and the Also, the items displayed the the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Displayed input other than This the Theatre,Theatre Black 1,Theatre Black Brightness Sharpness Tone Advanced Brightness High, Iris Normal, High Displayed input other than Aspect Normal, Caption Tracking On, Motion Detection Advanced when input through the HDMI1/HDMI2 input Thin Thick Advanced RGB RGBCMY displayed input appear when from the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input input) Reduction EPSON White Scaling This when or input through the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input HDMI Normal, Expanded On, it from the from the R, G, R, G, C (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness) On,
Direct On On, Child On, On, On, High On, Projection Rear, Rear/Ceiling NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM input displayed input displayed input Info Source Scan Refresh Rate Info The "Info" to the the of HDMI This information about that occurred the This to when Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Hours The text yellow when to the from 0H to 10H displayed as 0H. From 10H onwards, the of 1H. Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right On, Background Black, On, Info Functions Memory
Functions of the EH-TW4000) input, the and the Also, the items displayed the the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Displayed input other than This displayed the Theatre,Theatre Black 1,Theatre Black Brightness Sharpness Advanced Brightness High, Iris Normal, High Displayed input other than Aspect Normal, Caption Tracking Normal, High On, Advanced displayed when input through the HDMI1/HDMI2 input Advanced Thin Thick RGB RGBCMY input appear when from the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input input) Reduction NR Block NR EPSON White Scaling This when or input through the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input HDMI Normal, Expanded On, from the from the R, G, R, G, C (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness) On, On,
Direct On On, Child On, On, On, High On, Projection Rear, Rear/Ceiling NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM input displayed input displayed input Info Source Scan Refresh Rate Info The "Info" to the the of HDMI This information about that occurred the This to when Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory1 to Memory10 The yellow when to the from 0H to 10H displayed as 0H. From 10H the of 1H. Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right On, Background On, Info Functions Memory
Functions selected the to match the or the Brightness when to Color".) this when the of the connected and that when to Color".) the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. when to Color".) This the the when to Color".) This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. The to the Advanced This to when to Color".) This the tints of the If higher appear bluish, and appear The to of within the of 5000K to 10000K. when to Color".) This the tones of people who appear the If higher tone increaced, and tone increased. Advanced when to Color".) This You or while or RGB This the offset and each of the R/G/B The each and type. The each and Displayed input other than
RGBCMY This the and brightness each of the R/G/B/C/M/Y (EH-TW4000 only) This the based its Select of the three to the selected, the becomes higher. Brightness This the brightness to of to the too bright when or the the and reduced. Iris when to Color.") Tracking of the light to of to "Normal" or "High preference. If to light intensity This the to their Aspect Selects the aspect This when "Aspect" to This function the to reduced the that the top and of that from when The the (reduction the the and displayed the Caption This only when "Aspect" to This function the of the or to when with Tracking This the appear the This the or interference appear the and when the brightness, and sharpness obtained the first and then the Displayed input other than displayed input appear when from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input input) The each and type. The each and The each Functions
Functions when input from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input of the the and that the projected. Press and to the (EH-TW3000/TW2800 only) (This when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input to the :This when with amount of :This graphics, and input (EH-TW4000 only) (This only when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input to using the :This :This Select this the and appears the graphics, and input Motion Detection (EH-TW3000/TW2800 only) (This only when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Select whether the fast-moving or slow-moving The the the the The the the the (EH-TW4000 only) The and previous compared, and the the of them to reduce and to The of to "Normal" or "High" as This to or off to whether the to their when the input The three items "Tracking", and Advanced when to Color.") Reduction This reduces of Three Select the to when the such as DVD, interference. Displayed input other than input appear when from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input input) The each and type.
NR (EH-TW4000 only) This reduces the which around the of when MPEG Three Select Block NR (EH-TW4000 only) to "ON" to reduce which when MPEG which (This when NTSC input from the input or when input from the input If using products such as South that this function to the specifications of the connected when this EPSON White only when "Theatre", "Theatre Black or "Theatre Black and or input.) If bright white of such as and T-shirts the beach appear and overexposed, to "On". to "On", the "HDMI Scaling when or input.) This the (the of the top and of the affected interference the such to the :Displayed when the from [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input input. or the input (Not displayed when the DVI connected to the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input HDMI only when "EPSON White" however, when to Color.") the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input of the connected to DVD the of the to the of the DVD The the DVD Normal or Expand. (EH-TW3000/TW2800 only) (This when input to the or [HDMI1], [HDMI2] input input pull-down or pull-down Selecting "On" the pull-down. (EH-TW4000 only) (This only when or input to the [HDMI1] or [HDMI2] input or when NTSC, M-PAL or PAL60 input to the or input You whether with the pull-down or the to "ON" to with pull-down. the the "Aspect to their The each and type. Displayed input other than Functions
Functions Direct On the switch turned to (On) without or to "On" with the switch that of electricity that when the back the to The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If selected, the power-saving function If while the Child This the function of the the that the and the the applied, the only about seconds. to turn off the and the to as If the the the turned off and the cool- "Child to "On", that turning the switch when "Direct On" to "On". If this to "On", can't the and appears the when pressed. To and the about seconds or If the the exiting the This the function and off to whether the on/off and with to If the the the turned off and the cool- High of as to internal using of about to "On". This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from
Press and to specify the the to displayed. Selects the the 1:Black This whether the following displays appear (On) or appear aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the internal Background selecting the screen when the function or when input. This whether the (the that when (On) or displayed If the the the turned off and the cool- the with the that connected to the or [S- input If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. this the type of that from the that connected to the input If selected, If appear though selected, the This the and the to their the "High "Projection", and Functions
Functions "Memory" Memory This previously Memory". This selected when nothing Memory". Memory This to Memory This to memory. Memory (EH-TW4000 only) This to the of the from "Memory1" to "Memory10". You that its easy to Either of the following to memory Select memory from the and then Select "Customized" and then This to their and the and the of "Memory" to their executed. Memory This that the Memory". Hours Clear the operating and to "0H". this when the
Reading the The its using the (the and the around the and (the light and flash, and lights and flashes to the The following what the and to the that they If switched off, that the connected correctly and that the switch the (warning) or flashing Flashing the Clean the using of about the "High to "On". High (overheating) The switch off and approximately the cooling off the switch the of the High-speed cooling You using the the switch off automatically. the and then the If the If the or the the Disconnect the from the Then or the the and Service If the the replaced, using the and the from the Then or the the and Service If the of or and the Clean the they (operation) (warning) warning/problem If the when the turned back using the off the switch, and the from the Then or the the and Service Troubleshooting
operation operation, the off. Flashing warning It to the the with as as If to the without the the blowout. If Warm-up Warm-up seconds. off operations while Normal operation Cool-down (Approx. seconds) Remote and while cool-down Once cool-down the to stand-by If the switch the of the turned off while cool-down the cooled sufficiently and then the switch back
the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear Projection the completely the completely displayed played displayed. The "Not Supported" displayed The or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. when with the The relating to appear the Press the or the the switch Turn the switch the of the off? of the the and then switched off? the to supplied. active? Press the to the function. input? that the the turned If the command to "On", relating to the displayed. or of the displayed. right The whole appears or white, appear and LCD reproduction performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear Troubleshooting
the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the of the correctly? the and connected while their already turned connected displayed the to both externally and to the LCD Only when projecting from or with built-in LCD The "Not Supported" If or input the If when the correct? command to the that matches the the match the and of the when If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected If the while the already turned the function that switches the computer's to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back the to externally. title such as or "Connecting If the connected to the input If when the the command to the that matches the that from the connected the to the input, and the of Displays" to that the "Info" of Supported Displays"
The that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. Press or the input selected? the or the to the Turn the the the the connected turned If the only to the LCD the to the to the when the externally, they appear the LCD title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD or of the the correctly? the cover. the cover attached? The recommended from the to the the the within to to of and to to of the that the within this If the from to the or the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the the off and the to Interference or appear If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. If the while the already the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected Troubleshooting
If used, interference increase. used? connecting amplifier. the and "Tracking correctly? when the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when or Press to the aspect that to the input the aspect selected? If with the Caption to the the the to the the correctly? If the activated the connected the of the the the To the whole of the the off the when the that the that the selected? with this of Displays" when right If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the that of the securely the connected. correctly? the to the the "Contrast" correctly? the "Advanced" to the "Advanced" appropriately? The function that the to projected. of the obtained such the and commands to the If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the
the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the and correctly? the and tint. Saturation", "Tint" when from appear the "Brightness" commands to the the "Brightness" correctly? the to the the correctly? the nearly the the become and the become this the should with to On, the off active? input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to the back To the to when Press the or the the If the "Child to "On", the "Child to "On"? about seconds or the to turn the "Child If the to "On", to "On"? buttons the Press the the and then of the switched off? the to supplied. the off and when the touched? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the the and Service Troubleshooting
with the The the light- facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the the too from the sunlight or light from the light- the or the correctly? the towards the light-receiving the location where light the light-receiving while that they correctly.
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to to the Instructions/Support and Service of the cleaning. Cleaning the If the becomes with and the "The overheating. nothing the and or the displayed, clean the If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the It recommended that the about once every three month. If using the location, the should cleaned The or cleaning, with and the gently. If too the and the cover. Press the to release the catches, and then the cover the the four or with the facing to off the the the other and to off the the otherwise become or and used. of
to from the of the the the cover. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth it to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the To the to blower purchased the alternatively with cloth. such as or thinner to clean the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shocks, as easily become with the faced to the right.
If the or the though the cleaned. with optional the The the appears the when The or to The warning to appear of about hours of to the and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as it the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready or the the TIP displayed.
the of properly with PP PP, PET TIP the If the and to replaced, there the that the already If the of which to the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the operating The operating the with The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. Press or to off the and then the switch OFF. Press or to off the and then the switch OFF. the cools hour). Securely the the cover. fixing screws. Press to Press to the the the cover. Press the to release the catches, and then the upward. the screwdriver of the the cover switch, then the cover.
the the the cover. the fixing the screws. the and the cover securely. The the or the correctly. This includes that mercury Please or recycling. of with Select Hours" from the straight. Select and then with the faced to the right. the that the
Optional The following optional purchase This of optional as of: of to without country of purchase. Optional ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to Mount ELPMB20 (with when the to mm/white) ELPFP07 when the to high or with (Black) ELPCC01B Cover (White) ELPCC01W to cover of the that from to the appearance. of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this Unit ELPLP49 screwdriver) as ELPAF21 as
of Supported the the slightly. Aspect SDTV HDTV Aspect TV(NTSC TV(PAL SECAM Normal Normal Aspect Units: Aspect Units:
of Supported RGB) Aspect VGA VESA72/75/85, SVGA XGA WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" the VGA It to which the functions that from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Aspect VGA SDTV HDTV the VGA It to which the that Normal Normal Units: Units:
Specifications Product EH-TW4000 EH-TW3000/TW2800 (W) (H) (D) including inch TFT active (W) (H) clock: to Scanning vertically, UHE W, ELPLP49 (light to 240V AC to 240V AC supply to 1.5A to 1.4A to to to +35C to +60C RCA input This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. 285W 269W to 120V 299W 281W to 240V PC input HDMI1 input HDMI HDMI2 input HDMI input RCA input DIN RS-232C DNX TM ICs this to to 0.2W 0.4W
Specifications of If the higher than the and RS-232C Connector input RS-232C <At <At <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND earth RD TD TD RD TD RD DTR DSR DSR ready DTR ready DSR DTR
responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Personal Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA EPSON of Product H291C/H292C Specifications
Following of of the this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect of and appear elongated. The aspect which the and separated, to quality. high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the brightness and The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and or The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled become through It when the the or the to off the off the switch while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and high and this the of the or with the of the The about seconds to The the HDMI High Definition Interface, and to of high-definition and HDMI that household and that allows to transmitted their high without and includes function. HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or aspect of reception and playback (or of whereby the that when with the broadcast. NTSC National and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South America. PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and expressed which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV. SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa.
Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV The from the and the