Notations Used This This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect This information that, possibly or death to incorrect Warning The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the The and the graphical to to the indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. the section of the Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates procedures which or Attention The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure Indicates where information topic found. information indications Indicates the of the buttons the Remote or the Select "Brightness" from the Indicates items. Brightness Brightness
Introduction This chapter the features and the
foot to You easily height with hand. Common to Each Its light and easy to carry. Compact and lightweight the to with the "Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB Connecting with USB and (USB USB from the easy where centrally, such as the to and off when the to which the connected Direct On/Off switched or off. without to the to turning the off, the cool cool who the Protect to and users Enhanced functions You and easily and closing the A/V which clear The A/V easy to and You this to people without restricts operation the and
EB-W8/X8 to with Slideshow (EB- and easily, with Slideshow of JPEG such as with connecting USB or to the W8/X8 only)" JPEG USB or without using and to You high-quality and connecting RGB to the HDMI such as DVD with HDMI of such as and
to cool the internally. Function The that of EB-W8/X8. From using of EB-W8/X8 otherwise mentioned. and Functions closing the and when the to the the sound (A/V A/V that become or and or the otherwise affected heat the while the to and the A/V A/V C from the the Foot to and the foot. Foot when the such as and the of the foot the service life. to and this to with and collects the internal to to cool the internally. If the regularly. Security The Security with the Security and when the cover this cover when the Function the the (EB-W8/X8/W7/X7 only)
from and from other Computer input Function (EB-W8/X8/W7/X7)" (EB-S8/S7)" Function and Functions USB or and JPEG Slideshow. USB(TypeA) The following the of USB Light ON: USB connected Light ON: USB operating OFF: USB connected to USB(TypeA) Light ON: USB Rear (EB-W8/X8) You the following connecting to with the USB USB USB(TypeB) and of the USB of such as from input Wireless from the the other from the Remote to the from C Screw to the cover Function Fixing Screw and computers. This from HDMI with HDCP HDMI input
You the following functions to with the USB USB USB(TypeB) Function and Functions Rear (EB-S8) and of the USB the sound of the currently to operation of such as from input Wireless from the Function to the C from and from other input from the the other from Screw to the cover Fixing Screw
You the following functions to with USB USB USB(TypeB) Function and Functions Rear (EB-W7/X7/S7) and of the USB to the sound of the currently of such as from input Wireless from the Remote Function to the from the connected to the input This or other input to other than the input to the C from the the other from Screw to the cover Cover Fixing Screw from and from other input
through and Function Security C and Functions (EB-W8/X8/W7/X7) the or off. The of the and whether they flashing or the of the to the input that connected to the and Function Function [Source Search] C to and to the Rear foot the from the optional mount when mount fixing (three
(EB-S8/S7) If of and the selection and to or displayed, the Tracking and to the the Function and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons items and when Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 Corrects only), the buttons only the buttons Function when or If displayed, these items and when projecting Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 the only), the buttons the buttons and the which shows to with they displayed, to the the function. If when previous Turns the or off. The of the and whether they flashing or the of the If of and the selection and to or displayed, Tracking the and to the the to the input that connected to the and [Source Search] C and the displayed, these buttons items and If when or screen Corrects buttons
Remote and the which shows to with they Function and Functions displayed, these buttons items and If when or reduces the and the Pressing the the increases buttons displayed, to the the function. If when and the
displayed, and the selection and or to the Function the On or Function and Functions Acts as right when using the Wireless function. Acts as when the function. displayed, to the the function. If when Decreases the Increases the buttons USB and Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only). Each the pressed, the [USB] through and HDMI (EB-W8/X8 only) Each the pressed, the input C to from the input [Computer] Each the pressed, the and the which shows to with they Press to the on-screen when The Aspect Ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] If of the Tracking and to the while the connected to with USB and the the and or off. [A/V buttons (Down) assigned items. the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch Press to assign item from the four as the or unpaused. when buttons the without the of that the displays the previous/next (EB-W8/X8 only) Slideshow, this and the buttons to the input that connected to the and [Search] light-emitting Remote the of the that pushed. Wireless function, the displayed, selects items and or
Functions This chapter and the Security
Connecting Connecting with USB and (USB USB to the to from the This function USB connecting USB from the displayed. USB operates that the following XP SP1 and SP1 OS Conditions USB of than than XGA Recommended: or III or CPU Recommended: MB or MB or Amount of Memory MB or
Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB Turn the Procedure To from the the (EB-W8/X8/S8 only) or commercially to the USB to the (supplied). the A/V C Turn the "Connecting the first "From the the directly to the and USB
Connecting with USB and Projecting (USB Connecting the first Procedure It while projected. the as and the USB or off the to the C EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically. to the If to installation, If the USB Select this to the and then to the and to the software. the and Service authority, displayed Click
Connecting with USB and (USB EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB and then clear the If automatically, If the the The disconnecting the If nothing reason, To the EPSON EPSON USB EPSON USB USB There to the EPSON_PJ_UD EMP_UDSE.EXE EPSON USB and Disconnecting It while projected. Please projected. From the Applications that of DirectX correctly.
EB-S8/W7/X7/S7 USB and the input from the projected. The input from connected Source Search You the the following the Projected Automatically and the Projected (Source Search) You the to to the directly to the input USB C input when the [Source You the as input with Search] EB-W8/X8 connected, this operation. the the Remote Procedure USB HDMI C
You directly to the the following buttons the Remote Switch to the Remote or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. the Projected or when found. You connected. If operation about seconds, the the input where the to when only the that the currently The following showing the of EB-W8/X8 the pressed, the through and HDMI (EB-W8/X8 only) input Each the pressed, the USB C and Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only). to from the input
Procedure Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Functions Projection Remote brightest and tones bright This the the that to surroundings when You easily the selecting The brightness of the the selected. using bright Application If the while the displayed the to the Each the button, the the and the The using the from the such as bright The and brought The and brought to life. TV bright Sports Theatre when or only when RGB input or the Source to USB or USB (EB-W8/X8 only). input. tint, when Blackboard this Blackboard using the whiteboard. Whiteboard that to the
the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the to the brightness of the and Functions Enhancing Projection the Iris when from You this when to the what or to such as the the Press the and Iris from the the Remote Procedure Procedure The each Select On. the or the cover A/V or off. C Press the to the Iris when the or Theatre
activated the to the photo. Also, operations such as from without the function activated the and sound to played back the and A/V or as the the A/V from the to the where A/V activated. If this function when the activated from the choose to Functions Remote Procedure to the to the A/V closed, and operations the turned off. If approximately activates and from the Each the or off. If the while the or displayed, the or The to back the while the and to from the where while used. cleared.
the Aspect Ratio when connected that that recorded or the Aspect Ratio when Functions Enhancing the Aspect Ratio The and the of Aspect ratio as follows. Remote Procedure Aspect The aspect ratio using the from the Each the the Aspect the and the Aspect If the while the Aspect the to the Aspect
Native the Aspect Functions Projection EB-X8/S8/X7/S7 Each the switches and Each the pressed, the Normal and Native EB-W8/W7 Normal C
from input or HDMI input (EB-X8 only), the Aspect as follows. the aspect (EB-X8/S8/X7/S7) Functions Enhancing Projection Projection Operation input to the Aspect of This when to Aspect of to the to the the Aspect of the input Displayed when the Normal aspect based information from the input. Displayed when the HDMI (EB-X8 only) input Aspect. This when If of the or Normal from the the of the
You the Aspect as follows. EB-W8/W7 the (aspect ratio to WXGA the Aspect to the aspect (EB-W8/W7) Functions Projection input to the the Aspect of the input Normal input to the Aspect of aspect based information from the input Displayed when the (EB-W8 only) HDMI input
input as that the the input the aspect projected. Functions Projection input input of the This clear If the the of the the of the input to the Native Normal If of the or from the the of the
the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Functions Projection Function buttons, the to and left/right. with the from the or You choose from three of Remote the Procedure Each the the appears or
to the of the that to the This when to to them greater such as and of the Functions Enhancing Projection Remote with the buttons, the Remote C Procedure Each the pressed, the expanded. You holding the You reduce the the Press the to
You the Wireless function and the function to to The ratio appears the The selected Functions Enhancing Projection XP Professional/Vista Edition/ Macintosh: OS to Compatible OS buttons to the Press the rear of the connected with USB the the USB of and the USB(TypeB) the Remote to the function) or the the Remote as It to the Wireless function The function when the HDMI or (EB-W8/X8 only). You this the function to used. the to of both the and operating function while USB the further To the function, USB to Wireless to USB the from the USB
buttons, the with the the and the connected with USB the operated as follows. clicks the Functions Projection the operation of the Remote reversed. The function while the following If the to the While the While displayed While the Source displayed While the function While the function While displayed While displayed While While USB operated While While sound While switching input functions used. click: Press the Right click: Press the click: Press and Release the to the location. While the button, the buttons.
USB To with the to from the USB without the Functions This the or Slideshow. of To previous To
Background A/V and Protect On to the to the the of the following the prohibited. from the Protect The the following security You who the Protect Security Functions the following to Protect. Protect The with of anti-theft security Anti-Theft You people the the without the about The Protect displayed. seconds. Procedure anti-theft as the it At Furthermore, the that displayed when the This acts as Protect activated, people who the the to the the of purchase, Protect activated. Protect) If the correctly, the Protect If Protect already activated, the displayed. the and turned (this to Direct On). If On Protect On to the the On Protect The following of Protect to the used. of Protect the the the as further theft
the displayed, the the the Remote the On Protect Select and then the button. On Select and then the Press the button. Turn On Protect. Security Functions While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure Protect Select and then the On Select and then the Press the C Turn Protect. the that appears the and the and then the switches to If this If incorrect three the that the the and Service If the of the the from the and then "The locked." displayed about and turn the back The displays the the buttons. The as While holding the four the The displayed, and then the The the this to If the the fourth the displayed. Select and then the shown thirty the following and "The the If to the and input the operation locked. as If the incorrectly, displayed prompting accepted." The displayed. to the the Remote
of the following to the buttons the Restricting Security Functions Select or operations from the including turning the of the buttons the locked. You or off. of the buttons the the locked. The to the C Select when the displayed. chose. operation. The operated the Remote buttons and or when to This or shows when to from the the and the Procedure From the Remote about seconds, displayed and the Press and the the from the released. You release the of the following the the Remote
the often mounts and the includes the following security to from the Security Functions Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security The Security with the Security Security the You about the www.Kensington.com/ Security the with the locking instructions. anti-theft through the the
Connecting with Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only) to the and directly the the Slideshow, USB or Specifications of that Projected Slideshow It to USB with security to the characteristics of JPEG with high ratio clearly. exceeding The following CMYK with or to the using USB and If USB the Slideshow function correctly. Devices such as and USB should connected to USB than length. If the the AC with the with, or specified with the Slideshow function correctly. the directly. To USB To USB(Type A) C USB that as the Format the to FAT16 or FAT32. Connecting and USB Devices the USB containing the to played back to the USB Slideshow to the USB(TypeA) connecting with, or specified with Connecting USB
to the to If the following (Select appears, the You memory USB and USB with the with Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only) finishing the USB from the and off the to the and then USB(TypeA) USB buttons the to the then the Starting and Slideshow Starting slideshow to four the To the Select the to Select the top of the and the button. the USB or the to the Switch the to USB. The Slideshow and displays the Procedure This section the back and the operations from the Although the following based the Slideshow. Slideshow Operations To Slideshow, the connected USB from the USB slideshow Procedure buttons to the the or to Press the Procedure
to Top and the the to the showing the of the If selected, the the displayed. On the The selected displayed. Press the with Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only) JPEG the Slideshow function rotated JPEG played back Slideshow rotated. the Slideshow and JPEG or slideshow than JPEG Projecting JPEG the following to JPEG or JPEG Procedure JPEG as thumbnails of the It JPEG to as thumbnails. this of displayed. Cursor Once JPEG or slideshow started, or the Slideshow the If of the and the the (Down) the or the Next to the of the then the To to the previous the Previous the or the to the top of the then the
the operations from the Although the following based the Remote with Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only) Slideshow. The appears. Projecting Procedure to the the to Press the Projecting The Slideshow offers to USB or This function back slideshow) (Slideshow) the selected This function the selected. the selected C Press the The projected. the USB while accessed. the Slideshow.
Slideshow. Procedure with Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only) to the which to the Slideshow, then buttons to the the Press the C Select "Slideshow" the of the and The Slideshow the the the The appears. to the If Continuous to On Once the Slideshow reaches the the the Option once the Slideshow reaches the repeated from the While Slideshow, to previous/next or playback. If the the This function Slideshow. the following to You Slideshow. (Slideshow) the playback of If switching to the Option the the Slideshow. Press the or the (Down) to the switching to other than the Option To the Slideshow, the This to
the each Slideshow playback. to from to seconds. to Screen switch- whether or to the Slideshow. Continuous with Slideshow (EB-W8/X8 only) and Slideshow buttons to the "OK", then The applied. C Press the the to when Effect from the and the buttons to the then the Select "Option" to the which to the Press the You the of the and the of the Slideshow the Option Procedure If to apply the the to and the button. the to the of the item to and the to active. each item the following Option The following shows the of each the of the Select from and
This chapter to the and its
the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the
Items that the and Source currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions the used, and supported. RGB/RGB USB Function You the of the to surroundings. (This when to You the of the High selected the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. when NTSC input You the Tint. You the light and the You the the You the Brightness. Brightness You the sharpness. Sharpness (This item selected only or Theatre selected as the from the On whether or to to the light Iris (This item selected selected as the from the Red, You the of each individually.
You the functions to their To items to their Function of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each RGB/RGB RGB (EB-W8/X8 only) Normal as when of the to the connected or to or to the of the input identified. If the correctly when to such On You whether or the to the when the Function You when appear the Tracking from the HDMI input You the and right when of the that the whole You when or interference appear the
or RGB input, this when input. This IP each the This with amount of On converted to to when RGB input.) Function of Functions the HDMI input connected to DVD and the to the DVD player's (This when RGB input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You input from input HDMI (EB-W8/X8 only) You input from input If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected You the to their To items to their You the Aspect Ratio Aspect
EB-S8/S7 EB-W7/X7 EB-W8/X8 of Functions when selected from the On Turn to (EB-W8/X8 only) You the Function You the to or (EB-S8/S7 only) ECO ECO the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about to life: about You the brightness to of You this to operation of the You the of the assigned item selection/adjustment displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the You the item assigned from the with the Remote pressing the the Info following items to the You the each
You the to their To items to their Function of Functions On You whether or the (the when the displayed. Source to the following items displayed. The of the selection when the Background Black You the when to or Aspect or when input; such as the High Warning. A/V Black You the displayed A/V as or You related to the Function You the as follows the [A/V the Remote about seconds. Rear Rear/Ceiling Rear Rear/Ceiling You the that displayed as background Background, A/V and You from the following to the the Projection
to On and the that the such as to On the the off within to On this when input and operations Cover to On this off the the A/V closed. High to On when using the of Direct On You whether or On to Direct On. Cover to On the of purchase. of to restored. Function of Functions Communication On to when the to and from the USB when the to On when the to and from the USB 21L USB to when the and connected USB and projected. Wireless to when the to operated the Remote USB to when to with the You the displays. Protect On Protect to relating to You Protect to You and from the to their To items to their High
the of the and the of the Items that displayed the and Source currently as shown the following shots. the used, and supported. Info Only) of Functions USB RGB RGB/ reaches the the characters displayed You the operating Function You the of the to the Source. You the Source the connected currently Source You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the Refresh Refresh Rate The displayed as "0H" the first hours. hours and displayed as "10H", "11H", and This information about that occurred the This information service required.
of Functions 0H You clear the and to when the The following items to their and You items the to their Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the the to the You the the and displayed as shown the below. Press the to the the Remote The displayed. Press the Procedure If the to the to Select the the Remote
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three that the operating of the Reading the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. The warm-up. Warming USB or cool buttons while the flashing. the this Indicates the operating If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. to the following to what the and to that they Indicates the internal Indicates the C
when the the this Flashing Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Stop the the from the and or the the and Service or or flashing and or the the and Service If the the the the from the The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, clean or High (overheating) High On of or to to of the replaced). If cracked it with or further If the yourself, If the the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the the and cracked. the following Clean the using the the from the and or the the and Service Iris High On of or to
to the Flashing or flashing o If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning or with If the indicated this using the the from the and or If the operating properly, though the showing to the the the and Service
sound heard or the sound Other If of the following and the offer to the each the "I to the and "The Remote the completely the completely and Moving from appear and nothing projected. "Moving displayed" relating to appear" such as interference, or white "Interference or appear appear. "The Supported." displayed." "The displayed." or of "Projection automatically" of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and The whole appears or white, the and the appearing the appear and and LCD performance, that the match, this of "The or or the aspect right" "The when appear
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the Remote to A/V A/V active? Press the to the the the to the the connected input such as completely of the the correct? the A/V the A/V closed? when from the correct? the completely when the to only. when from or with built-in LCD the to the LCD and the Press the to the If to the to to On
The "Not Supported." displayed. to the to the and the Refresh Rate from the "Supported Displays" the to the the connected the and the Refresh Rate to the when from The displayed. the correct? when Computer's title such as or "Connecting If the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to while the of the or turned the function that the output to as as the computer's the to Turn the the and the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory off and then back the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned when from or with built-in LCD the to the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the to reduce the amount of correction. the too of the within the recommended the the
appear the the about hour used. If the the of the and this the to If the from to or the off and the to the the to the the connected Interference or appear when from the correct? If the correctly the Press the the Remote or the the to and Tracking from the Tracking If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with the "Supported Displays" the and "Tracking correctly? when when the selected? the to the the connected Press the the to the The or or the aspect projected? when Press the the Remote or the the to from other while from the of the projected. If the correctly using the from the correctly?
If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the the from connected to the input the following to the the connected the input match the from the connected the that the with the Displays" Computer when when the selected? right the and from the from connected to the or input the from the the correctly? the Brightness from the Brightness the Brightness correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the from the correctly? the and correctly? the Brightness and Brightness from the Brightness Brightness the brightness and correctly? the from the correctly? when from appear the approaches to the the become and the becomes this the with to the
when The There the or the the If this the the the from the and or the the and Service the and off when the touched? The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. and then the the switched off? Press the to the the Press the the Remote If to the to the to Other the Press the [A/V the Remote to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the Disconnect the from the and then the the connected correctly? sound heard or the sound the the Remote the Remote light-emitting the Remote the when operated? The Remote
The operating the about the too from the the correctly or the with necessary. the or the correctly? the location where light the Remote sunlight or light from the Remote the from the the to the and
This chapter information to the of performance from the to
and from the from the (Rear/Ceiling and from the from the front of the The the following four to the of the location. the screws from and or and mount. This serious to the of when the from mount). If correctly, screws from or things such as or or the mount, to If the mount fixing to the the the crack causing to from its mount and the causing and injury. Warning You the as follows the [A/ Rear Rear/Ceiling or from the the about seconds. optional mount when the from the its This malfunctions to (Rear from tion) from front of the
cloth cleaning to the Cleaning the You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning that to and from the The catch fire to the high of the Warning Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the Turn off the cleaning. the with or the to shocks, as easily become containing amount of and then wring If the the cloth with the cloth to the The of the or become such as or thinner to the
Clean the and the when the following displayed. Cleaning the Cleaning "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the If collects the the of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean the immediately the or when the displayed. It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the to the with If displayed, cleaning,
This section to the Remote batteries, the and the that the becoming this ready. You other the AA If the of the Remote or them with batteries. AA or or the Remote Press the cover clicks C the battery cover. the of the and the to the the the Instructions the Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure the with
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the Attention the appears, the with as as If to the the passed, the that the increases. the repeatedly off the and immediately back Turning the and off the operating Normal to About hours ECO to About hours the The displayed the of the when It to the when: appears. You should ready the characteristics of the and the it used, the become or the to the The flashes the and used, fire, that the and should to the of the the there or the If or reassembled that the If the of which the should cover, the cover gently. shock, or The when the from Warning The or to
about hour the turned off the to cool the cooled sufficiently removing the cover. If the burns or other It enough. C the fixing screws. the off the and the Procedure the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver with the or head screwdriver. Then the the cooled then the cover straight and to cover. further If the cracked, with or the the
the the the that fits securely, and the screws. the
the the cover. The though the cleaned. There tear the It to the when: to the the off the and the The when the from the cover. Procedure Please regulations or recycling. the securely. If the cover the off as If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury of with The records the turned and the the from the and when to the the indicated correctly. the the replaced. the hours
of properly with of the Polyurethane of the ABS the cover and straight C the the from the and the clicks the cover.
to the through and such as OHP and ELPDC06 The following optional and Please of to without and optional and as of: purchase these products as and when The following of the country of purchase. Optional and of to the from and Service to this or the the when the high when the ELPFP13 ELPFP14 ELPMB23 mount ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional as ELPLP54 ELPAF25 that easily. (Aspect Ratio roll-type (Aspect Ratio roll-type (Aspect Ratio ELPSC23 ELPSC24 ELPSC25 ELPSC06 as of these the with the too This the as the with the ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 ELPKC19 to
displayed and the You Protect Protect On If from to Protect to You the that currently as Once the to the factory C "Choose this as the displayed, If selected when or Aspect the function currently the to as the and then the button. the the Remote Procedure the to the of the to as the the the or the the to the as to the of the Select from the the the buttons and the operations they the the
The the the the this as the Completed. displayed. displayed, the erased. the approximately seconds. the or connected while otherwise malfunctions the the Remote You Select the factor from the Select this displayed,
Units: to and Projection Projection (EB-W8/W7) Units: to Units: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from Projection of C
to to and Projection Screen (EB-X8/X7) Units: to from the of the to the of the Projection Units: to (or to the top of the from of C
Units: to Screen and Projection (EB-S8/S7) Units: to from the of the to the of the (or to the top of the from of C
functions such as to the input or input If to the while the to You from connected to the On from the or the Connecting to (EB-W7/X7/S8/S7 only) Connecting to (EB-W7/X7/S7 only) You input from when the connected to the and the the using the with the This that with To To C
or off the its as the the using commercially the the from the built-in and switches to Connecting to (EB-W7/X7/S8/S7 only) Connecting to (EB-S8/W7/X7/ S7 only) (such as You with built-in amplifiers to the to of sound. with and with the the To To C
input, the the and and then the command. If the terminates abnormally, and and the (ESC/VP21 Commands) This the and the with USB You and the from USB. and commands (ESC/VP21 commands). Command Item SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE RGB SOURCE HDMI (EB-W8/X8 only) PWR OFF PWR ON On ON/OFF To and the with ESC/VP21 commands, the following You Procedure SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE USB SOURCE USB (EB-X8/S8 only) MUTE OFF MUTE ON On A/V On/Off the and Service to information about the EPSON USB-COM or the From the the USB (EPSON USB-COM USB to or Up/Down. (CR) to the of each and MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL Communications the USB to the From from USB(TypeB) with USB C 21L to On from Command (the with the USB Flow length: Parity: the ON to the the and the turned
Supported (EB-W8/W7) Supported Units: RGB) VGAEGA VGA SVGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA+ WSXGA+ WXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC19 MAC13 MAC16 SXGA
Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Supported Units: MAC21 when other than those input, that the projected. supported. when selected as the from the the VGA Native Normal Aspect Refresh Rate Units: Aspect Refresh Rate TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Native Normal
Units: from the HDMI input (EB-W8 only) Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA SXGA VGA SVGA Native SXGA+ UXGA
Supported (EB-X8/X7) Supported Units: RGB) VGAEGA VGA SVGA Normal Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA+ WXGA SXGA SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 when other than those input, that the functions supported. the VGA
Units: Aspect Refresh Rate Units: Aspect Refresh Rate Units: from the HDMI input (EB-X8 only) TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM) Aspect Refresh Rate VGA SVGA XGA WXGA
Aspect Refresh Rate Supported SXGA SXGA+ Supported (EB-S8/S7) Units: RGB) VGAEGA VGA SVGA Normal Aspect Refresh Rate XGA WXGA
Normal Aspect Refresh Rate WXGA+ SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 SXGA MAC19 MAC21 when other than those input, that the projected. However, supported. the VGA Units: Aspect Refresh Rate
Units: Aspect Refresh Rate Supported TV(NTSC) TV(PAL,SECAM)
EB-S7 EB-X7 EB-W7 EB-S8 EB-X8 EB-W8 Product Specifications Specifications SVGA (W) (H) XGA (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) TFT active SVGA (W) (H) XGA (W) (H) WXGA (W) (H) to to to to (Communication (Communication On): to AC to to AC to supply UHE ELPLP54 UHE ELPLP54 (Communication On): (Communication to tion (Communication On): to to to On): to
EB-S7 EB-X7 EB-W7 EB-S8 EB-X8 EB-W8 Product tors Specifications RCA (L, R) HDMI PCM) HDMI DIN input RCA input USB A) USB(TypeA) USB B) USB(TypeB) This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. USB(TypeA) and USB(TypeB) to that USB. Supports USB Supports USB of If the of than and
FCC United States CPU Boards and with Class Computers Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Specifications to to the interference or of that interference If this interference to or reception, This tested and found to comply with the interference to there which turning the off and the Class to of the FCC and and, These to reasonable protection and with the instructions, interference installation. This the following Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located the from that the or Increase the the and receiver. or the to which the connected. expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR Each to the interference received, including interference that to the to the following this with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class responsibility that the tested and found to with the Records interference, and this operation. established the FCC this It the responsibility of the If this than the FCC or Declaration of this to and shielded interface with this connected to interfaces. or The of non-shielded interface to this the the and interference which the authority to the WARNING H309C/H310C/H311C/H312C/H327C/H328C/ H331C LCD of Product: EPSON
Appearance EB-W8/X8/S8 EB-W7/X7/S7 Units: from of to fixing of
This section easily that with the and terms that the of this to other publications. The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the that the and together. The type of commonly household to The of the light and of increased or to and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of which the and to to that of three and (Aspect Ratio) Aspect Ratio encrypting the and HDMI the HDMI input this HDCP, of High-bandwidth Protection, which to copyright protection that copying protected HDCP technology, However, the HDCP to protected the HDCP sound Normal that which to this and High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or Screen Aspect Ratio of HDTV of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and displayed alternately. The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh Rate and Refresh Rate Definition that to which the HDTV SDTV of whereby the from from top to to international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA High-Definition
type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA which the and to to that of and C of The of the of these (the of the If Tracking The from If the match this the correctly, appear the Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the troughs the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA
NT, and or of HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or IBM, DOS/V, and XGA or of International and the of the Microsoft of Macintosh, and of Apple Inc. of Microsoft Corporation the United States. Corporation. Notice: photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of or transmitted or mechanical, information Neither Corporation. with to the of the rights of this reproduced, from the of the information Notes of HDMI Licensing LLC. unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the purchaser or third as of: or of this or Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights as Products or Approved Products Corporation. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those The of this or updated without further this and the