Notations this Indicates where information topic found. Indicates items and that Brightness Indicates that the or malfunction. Indicates information and that useful to know topic. Indicates operating and the of operations. The indicated should of the Indicates or buttons. the type of the functions and operations which These inform of the type of used.
Instructions and operating instructions should the instructions, this information reference. The and the graphical to to the Please and these to to or property. Warning Explanation of indicating action that indicating action that should Instructions the from the outlet This information that, possibly or death to incorrect This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect
instructions Follow these instructions when and the these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. type and third grounding The or the third grounding If the of the Protect the from or pinched and the where they from the attachments/accessories specified the with the or specified the or with the used, when the to from this or when of servicing to service Servicing when the such as the or or the the to or normally, or
To reduce the of fire or shock, this to or the from the outlet and repairs to service the following If or from the If or the If the or the to these fire or shock. to this yourself. repairs to service the outlet where the easily covers the as specifically the to or the (including repairs to service the the to or humidity. the type of indicated the of other than the specified fire or shock. If of the or electricity the of the fire or shock. The with the to comply with the country of purchase. If using within the country of purchase, other than the with the If the overseas, the supply outlet and rating of the that to the and purchase the country. the following when the to comply with these fire or shock. outlets, or the the outlet with the the the with the when disconnecting the to the when disconnecting the that or shock the heavy top of the or the excessively. the from If the becomes (such as the wires becoming or If there the otherwise shock. Warning the from the outlet Instructions Instructions
with or chemicals top of the If the and the the fire or shock the when the switched as the bright light or or other through the or fire or shock mercury with high internal as the light to the instructions below. If the following or or the or to impacts. The mercury mercury If the the to the that released from or with the or mouth. to the while it If the and or of from the or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately the or the with vehicle with the closed, where they to sunlight, or other that become Thermal or technical malfunction which fire. containing to or which to such as the or of the the the becomes the and fire. the where or the atmosphere. the the becomes the and fire. Warning Instructions
Class LASER Product the top cover. There serviceable the the where there of or near cooking or heating or where with or or this of or shock the and the They and the from overheating. or the the while anything from the that might the If the of least the and the there least the and walls, and the or other or closed-in provided. the or The might or and the or heavy The might or and that become or heat near the or or to the while from the burns, or other try to the immediately because the turn off the supply and the specified this to allow the to cool completely. The heat burns or other the of such as candle, or the the when The insulation which fire. to that the turned off, the from the outlet and disconnected the or shock the from the outlet Disconnect the from the outlet
the from the outlet cleaning. This shock cleaning. cleaning the cloths or such as thinner or Water or and of the shock. Incorrect of and which fire, or of the batteries, the following that the and correct. of or and batteries. other than those specified this If the with cloth. If them immediately. the as as they the the of to heat or and them of to these of the reach of and the too high from the sound that to the or hearing. the switch off this then switch back using headphones, the too You hearing when of Follow the this If the of the cleaned which fire or shock. as to clean the of the as the from the outlet Instructions Instructions Instructions
and of the following to malfunction and Notes and to the operating and this when and the the where might subjected to or shock. the to or that This the and of this and malfunction. the that such the further from and the of the following If this with operation or While the its While the with the this playback. This the or malfunction. or this or other or containing amount of This of the the with If or the of the the clearly. the to the cover. EPSON from or the While the with the top facing While the to of that which covered warranty terms. You the upright compactly shelf, as its the upright with the the to the the with the that the If this from or, the which this heated internally or the If only incorrect such as of the the and/ or to this the hour to used. If chance the from the then to hours mercury with high internal as the light The characteristics of the mercury The of the with the reaches the of its life, light or with The of the greatly the characteristics and the operating You should ready Once the the of the appears, the with as as This includes that mercury Please or recycling. of with
LCD The LCD high-precision appear the or red, or light brightly Furthermore, or appear. They caused the characteristics of the LCD and of malfunction. the when high-contrast than If burn occured, should bright used: white as bright as the It to the of the burn. If the this the cover. the the Carry the holding the as shown the following Transportation The of and high-precision the the following to the from that might from shock. the securely to from shock, and to the that the the cover and the warranty that to this Copyrights Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited.
and USB The following played. DVD Commercially software containing high-quality and of You DVD the to the the of this DVD+RW DVD+R DVD+R DL DVD-RW DVD-R DVD-R DL CD Software containing and sound. Can CD with PBC Can CD (SVCD). CD The software containing sound and this Explanation DVD the recorded another DVD recorder. Can DVD containing Can DVD containing VR Can finalized the DVD that recorded the Can the following recorded the ISO 9660/UDF MP3/WMA/JPEG/MPEG1/2/ Can the first although the CD-R/RW CDs created with CD CD+R/RW or Can the following recorded the ISO9660 or -2/UDF CD/ MPEG1/2/4/ The performance and tonal of CD that to the (CD) with this CDs that to the CD bear the following what the of the This conforms to the NTSC and PAL the of DVD SVCD, and CD, playback functions intentionally the software producers. this back the of to the attached information of the played. DVD-R/R DL/RW, DVD+R/R DL/RW, CD-R/RW, and CD+R/RW to played they scratched, dirty, warped, or the recording or recording Also, the to the CPRM Protection DVD-R recorded the VR played back this Only the of the following played back. MIX-MODE CD CD-G CD-EXTRA CD TEXT Supports the Supports Can recorded writing.
The following played. DVD-ROM CD-ROM PHOTO CD DVD SACD DACD DVD-RAM Round with other than or Irregularly touching the with to their when with high or sunlight. If the of the with or fingerprints, the and the playback dirty, the clean with cloth, from the of the then outwards. cleaning products such as or products records. or to USB that played You and the following USB based to the USB memory that with the security function) USB supported) to SD memory or other to the The FAT16 and FAT32 supported. supported. If the supported, the the This memory mounted the Mount the to Specifications of that played Specifications MP3 or to 320K .MP3 WMA or to 192K .WMA JPEG or .JPG of to Motion JPEG supported. JPEG created the DCF based supported. played back the function of or processed, edited or using editing software. *If character correctly. 4GB of (including of to *This MP3/JPEG from the to Without or .DIVX, or .AVI to 3M of the or .AVI such the played.
and Functions C Function cover the to and the cover. cover the cover to the when the You the completely closing the cover this the turned off automatically. C Lights when the Press this to from the to Foot Press the Foot to and the foot. foot The the of the turning them. the to the this Headphone headphone to the (Security this when carrying the commercially through and Security The Security with the Security the cooling the If collects the the internal cover) of the to and this to operation and shortening of the service of Clean periodically. Remote light- from the Projection
Rear C Function input Can connected to the of the connected or input Can connected to the ordinary of C input Can connected to the RGB output of HDMI input or to the input Can connected to the or of the surround sound Mic to microphone. the Can connected to with input USB USB 1.1-based USB memory or to the MP3/WMA, JPEG, and other storages. The outlet of the cooling. the and the immediately or while projecting, becomes Used when the upright the upright with the the to the the with the that the Remote light- from the USB B) the to with USB and the the projected.
Top C Function Focusing to the or right focusing. to the or right C If the the or lights to the light the brightness of the selected the the cover the this cover and the cover the to or the cover. buttons Play/Pause Source Search the automatically. Stop
functions Function Remote light- Turns supply to the or off. C Corrects of the to or Press this to from the switch C Switches the functions and to this switch to the Function to function. Advanced functions when when DVD
the Remote the the of the and the to the the At the of purchase, the the the with this the catch the of the then upwards. the polarity. C the cover. If the of the or it that the becoming and to replaced. AA- or ready to You or batteries. allowing sunlight or light to the light-receiving of this The from the to received.
necessary. You to the type or the input. You the following these four easy The surround sound and surround sound the and right front of the the the and
Projection and the that the to the type the approximately from the The from the of the to the of the The further this from the the the becomes. reference. Connecting the the the cover. this that to the If this to the the the of
Playback and the its facing the If using the to the sounds and the the the light with CD/DVD to them, and that them. This malfunction or playback. The lights automatically, and It seconds from when the lights the brightly. the appears: this high that or High to On. the the switch to On. the cover or
the and the and projected. the Focusing the the
Correcting of the the height of This and corrects the that distorted. If the from the or the To the higher, the foot and the height. to the front the foot when carrying the Correcting the the to the If the foot and the the the as follows: the top of the the of the If the to or the However, to the the front the foot You the to the such that the
Press when playback from the Notes If when displayed the displayed and the played from the that the function You indicated as You to that recently played the The from where playback slightly to where playback The and with the If when the displayed, the the and VR Turning off the played back to the from its Once to back the back the manually. Press Press You the the to the as the of the the C the from the outlet the If only to off the electricity to consumed. the cover. the cover when the to the from and If the immediately turning off, the to becomes Disconnecting the the the
Playback Operations From operations the buttons of the You the with the as those the to the Press playback. Press the operation The and restarted each To playback, search/forward search Press or playback. There of reverse/forward search that each the buttons pressed. Press to to playback. the the sound forward/reverse search.
Press or or when chapter/track playback, to the of the chapter or played. this, playback to the of the previous chapter/track each this, playback to the of the previous chapter/ each Press playback. advanced each function. Press to to playback. motion playback Press the where to motion playback to the Press There of playback each pressed. motion There of that each Press to to playback. sound motion playback. If once If once when the chapter or the chapter played. This pressed.
You to to the brightness and other of Press The currently selected the While the displayed, repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the the light Iris) the Iris" the Iris" the light from the to the brightness of and higher and the to the Press and then Iris". Select the surroundings. bright This the brightest and tones bright Blackboard this tint, when Select "On" to the selection. C Press to the the and Sound Temporarily (A/V You this when to the what or to such as when from Press playback or the cover. the or the cover A/V or off. Microphone A/V canceled, the from the where the A/V activated. when Press playback. Sound from the and headphones. Press to to playback. The when to the turned Microphone
Advanced Operations Becoming playback Playback from DVD the following of them. and (chapter, and Press playback. Press and the item to recorded, this information displayed. To the top Press and about seconds to the top displayed. You the title or chapter directly using the buttons. the With the function/numerics switch the the following buttons. Once finished numbers, the function/numerics switch back to the [Function]
CD from the Press You selecting the chapter from of the following PBC (Playback function: If CD with PBC (playback specified the or the displayed. You the or information to interactively from this function: You the or and back the following three Track the first three or four seconds of each sequentially. The and the first three or four Track played, and the first PBC (playback playback CD that PBC, the following of displayed. Select the item to or the buttons. If recorded, these operations executed. the automatically, pressed. seconds of each played. three or four seconds of each played. The selected played. Advanced Operations
To the function If while CD the following displayed. Select item and To to the previous/next of the Press when the displayed. To the Each pressed, the back Press repeatedly the displayed. To the PBC the playback information or the the PBC canceled. To the PBC Then, If Others from the and PBC to the played directly without the PBC On You Track and when If or tracks, to the or when Track You to the selecting and You the selecting and
JPEG, MP3/WMA and playback Select the track to Although the or and USB played back selecting the from the function the as follows. back containing or or USB the following displayed. Select or Press or to playback. and The selected played. If the selected, the JPEG the played back from the selected Slideshow played back, from the first If to back another from the displayed. If CD or FUJICOLOR CD the Slideshow playback the displayed, to the or the first the ineffective and If while back CD or FUJICOLOR CD, the to the Advanced Operations
Slideshow Operations from the If displayed, to the when Others from the and the MP3/ JPEG to Without MP3, WMA, JPEG and listed. With MP3/WMA ID3 supported. The artist and displayed the right of the characters supported). The switching the selected The Slideshow of JPEG the You You the top and of You the right and of If Slideshow playback, the Slideshow and the thumbnail displayed. If Slideshow playback, the displayed. If the JPEG from the and the Slideshow JPEG to when with JPEG The JPEG USB played the Slideshow. If or JPEG the previous or the and the Slideshow from the selected the displayed. If the JPEG from the and the Slideshow
MP3/WMA Once selection and the the cover. You the played. MP3/WMA and JPEG If of MP3/WMA and JPEG the Slideshow with sounds. containing both MP3/WMA and JPEG the the MP3/WMA played. If JPEG from the selected, the Slideshow Notes playback the recording and the characteristics of the that the or that reading The to the of or recorded the The of the the from the displayed the of MP3 played the from those recorded the It to MP3 containing The commenced. Further, there when displayed, once commenced. It that that processed, edited, or using software might back Slideshow, JPEG played from that recorded the and the which they played back. The Slideshow of JPEG the the Slideshow and the displayed. the thumbnail from its and the Slideshow from the selected You to the You the MP3/WMA and Then, when JPEG Slideshow and the selected items played back If USB both MP3/WMA and JPEG the Slideshow with sound. Advanced Operations
Playback selecting the chapter or and the [Function] operations or when the chapter or track to the buttons. the buttons the type of playback within of titles, or tracks, as the below. Press playback. Can when stopped. the operations The whenever and the and displayed the when back the PBC function. Function Chapter Chapter Repeats the chapter. Title Repeats the title. Randomly and Repeats Tracks played when repeated. or Function Track Track Repeats the track. Repeats of the Randomly of the Repeats Tracks played when repeated. or
(If Others selected from the and MP3/JPEG to With One Repeats the Repeats the Randomly the or (If Others selected from the and MP3/JPEG to Without One Repeats the Repeats the Randomly the or Canceling Press repeatedly displayed the Function Function allow of the function with You the from the information The ineffective Advanced Operations
the [Function] operations You titles, and to playback of preference. Press or when the title and track/chapter sequentially. the playback The appear to playback the buttons to the respective If the or tracks/chapters, or Next the and to the To the or Previous the and If to or chapter the and To the from the and from the and the Once the playback playback Canceling Press Turn the switch off. playback Stop and You the of to Also, to or chapters of each memory when the the with the playback the and from the Pressing function. You the of
the [Function] operations You or the the If the the Press playback. Select the repeatedly. The (or displayed. You only You reduce them. the to To to the repeatedly the Rate Advanced Operations
the the recorded with or switch to the or of Press playback. the repeatedly. You choose whether or to that recorded with If switch to the Press playback. Select the repeatedly. The displayed the You switch from the playback information If displayed The displayed the If the found, the displayed. You switch from the playback information using switch the and the Both of them with characters characters) characters displayed. with of the following and .ass; The the as the of the
the Carrying operations from the information the [Function] operations that recorded with switch from the to of preference, such as from or from the right, playback. Press playback. Select the repeatedly. You the and without the Press playback. The the You switch from the information The reduced, and the following information using the playback switched as follows each using the switched as follows each (WMA Track Advanced Operations
Pressing the the Press the playback information *You or the the item and You the title/chapter/track and the and the the selected item appears, the and Press once and the information and displayed, the of the using You this function when with the selected title/chapter/track or specified Specify title to the Specify chapter to using the Chapter Select the sound and the Subtitle Select to or and You switch the TT the of title the the of chapter the the Select to the right of the information Track Specify to using the the of using the Track the of using the the Select to the right of the information playback information
the the [Function] operations the the passed, the switch off automatically. You from while If the to and or finished and the operated the switch turned off automatically. Press the The the seconds off. the Press repeatedly and the Checking the Once the once, the displayed the the displayed. the displayed, the using If the and the operated its switch turned off automatically. If and the operated its switch turned off the switches off. the switches off. If the switched off, the canceled. With that to the once playback completed, to the off when the Advanced Operations
the aspect ratio the [Function] operations using the built-in DVD Aspect Normal to Normal when the Slideshow executed. The the aspect the input and the the aspect. If to the aspect yourself, or the aspect correct, the following Press Normal Each the aspect ratio the and the aspect ratio The aspect ratio and the following
(SDTV)/HDMI (SDTV), Screen Aspect Normal Normal (HDTV)/HDMI (HDTV) Aspect the If the aspect, the to to aspect. Advanced Operations
Connecting with Connecting USB USB to the to from the This function USB Simply connecting USB from the displayed. The following to USB with this OS SP4 XP XP SP1 XP SP2 XP SP3 SP1 CPU III or Recommended: or Memory capacity MB or Recommended: MB or MB or XGA(1024 or or
Connecting Turn the to the (supplied). C Turn the the cover. to the USB from the to the "Connecting the first "From the the directly to the and USB Advanced Operations
Connecting the first automatically. Click projected. Computer" "EPSON_PJ_UD" "EMP_UDSE.EXE", user authority, and to the software. this to the and then to the the If the installed, USB Select to the If to installation, It while projected. projected, the as and the USB or turn off the to the
From the projected. It while projected. Please If nothing reason, "EPSON "EPSON USB "EPSON USB If automatically, Computer" "EPSON_PJ_UD" "EMP_UDSE.EXE", If the the "EPSON "EPSON USB "EPSON USB and then clear the layered To the and "EPSON USB Disconnecting The disconnected disconnecting the USB There to the Hardware" Applications that of DirectX functions correctly. Advanced Operations
Remote USB the the to Up/Down. with the the nearby. of showing slideshow the and displayed as follows. Connecting (supplied) when 2RCA To To White To 2RCA To To PC input To input
Playback attaching Connecting USB You USB memory or that to the USB to the and the following MP3/WMA JPEG The playback and operations the as when of the DVD USB to the the to the USB and playback when: played or the DVD another TV or connected to the and played or If USB the normally. the USB directly to the to the turned with USB connected the the USB and displayed. playback. such the USB and then the USB Slideshow. Stop the Slideshow and the USB Advanced Operations
Connecting to another or TV from the built-in DVD this connecting to the following with with built-in TV and others The of that the The the Generally the of of the as follows. HDMI which to the with the that used. The If the connecting the with or optional Turn off connected to when the the cover to the If or the of the the clearly. try to force with the This the or the Connecting with White To To To input (Yellow) To input
Connecting with Connecting with HDMI HDMI that the HDMI the displayed clearly or PCM supported. If the to the PCM White To input To To HDMI HDMI HDMI RCA To HDMI input Advanced Operations
from or This input and the The input from connected and the input from the You the as input with input when the the cover and Turn the switch and the or [Playback] the Press to input or of connected, the the projected. To to the built-in DVD of the following operations. Press the Select DVD/USB Press The following showing the of when the that the currently or when found. You the input where the to connected. If operation about seconds, the
You switch the from the holding and (the or switching, seconds to of Switching NEC SOTEC HP or OS, them the each the to the pressed, the as follows. only Both Advanced Operations
with headphones with headphones, the too high. You hearing when to sounds high of the too high from the sound that to headphones or hearing. the switch off this then switch back Connecting headphones. Once connected headphones to the headphone sound from the Headphones To
Connecting microphone You microphone from the connecting microphone to the Mic To from the Mic input the Mic too using You "Mic from the Option the The with It type. To Mic Advanced Operations
Connecting to with input You to AV amplifiers and or of recordings when they with input connecting, AV The from the with the the information Selecting the surround sound the [Function] operations To input the surround sound function sound although sound through Press Select the repeatedly. the To The the surround sound
Selecting the sound the [Function] operations You the sound to the of the Press Select the repeatedly. The displayed the The sound effects, which to the or the connected switched as follows: Action Other Concert or Classic sound sound Advanced Operations
and and Functions The of this to the which used. the Press playback or when Press and the The following displayed. Others
the the You the below when and other the Select the DVD These become when recorded the If they recorded, the become If the selected recorded the the that used. Select the DVD soundtrack Subtitle Select the DVD Subtitle Select type that the OSD Select the and Press to the item to and then Select the to change, and to the Item The the right. To other repeatedly Select the to the of already the English and
Select the of to the to the information Night the the hear and sounds when back DVD that recorded Turn the On the of the Others whether or to the function and without operation. PBC to the PBC or of VOD The service provided. MP3/JPEG NAV of hierarchical including to their states, and from the and from the when protected with If with the function, to to the You from unauthorized You to Item Item when connected to or when connected to with these PCM Only: when connected to that with Linear PCM. On: the increases of sounds. this option to or clear surround sound. On: The Screen function The function On: to with PBC active. played, its appears. to with PBC inactive. The first and played sequentially. Press and that displayed. purchase or services (www.divx.com/ Without and contained With the containing Press and to the of the the the first the New the the Confirm PWD If the playback of the currently You to the to Unlock: playback of
Scottish Georgian Amharic Sotho; Southern Marathi South Marshallese North South (International) Interlingue Irish Northern North Island) Church Corsican Wolof English Luxembourgish; Shona and
and Linear PCM DVD Linear PCM DTS DVD DTS PCM DVD PCM CD, CD, SVCD PCM/48 PCM DTS CD DTS PCM MP3/WMA PCM Stream PCM
Operations and functions the You the brightness, and other of the Operations the Press Press to the item to and then Press to the item to and then to the The following displayed. to options displayed, option and to and
the to the Brightness the brightness. the light and the the the (This displayed when connected.) the tint. (This displayed when the or connected NTSC.) Sharpness the sharpness. the tint. High: the bluish. the Iris the light intensity to the brightness of the displayed On: Activates Iris. Deactivates Iris. You the On: Deactivates the to the to the of the input identified. If the correctly when to such as when of the to the or to Normal or the of the to the input Item Item You the brightness to ECO or Normal. Select ECO the too bright such as when or ECO selected, the amount of electricity and the as follows, and reduced. about life: about when selected as the At the of purchase, this to the automatically. If interference appears the or appear when the manually.
Option Mic the Mic too to hear from the or the too high the crack. the Mic turned to from the You the item assigned from the with Child the to the High this when this high Info Item Information the the the hour The operating cleared. Item of the 0H to hours. to of hour hours and The text when to the Source: whether DVD or from or projected. Signal:This when selected as the Source, and the of the input. The the Source other than The of from and the that input displayed. information. You this information when service the the the assigned item displayed, allowing to one-touch You assign of the following three items to the Info, On: the Child To the supply the seconds or the the Child this high that or this On. and
Security Functions The the following security Protect You who the Anti-Theft The with of anti-theft security Protect the [Function] operations the Protect function activated, people who the the to the If when the the This acts as anti-theft as the At the of purchase the Protect function activated. Protect the following to Protect. the about seconds. Turn On Protect". The displayed. If Protect activated, the If the correctly, the displayed. the the the the as further theft Select "On", and then the Press the On Protect" "On", to the and turned If the
the the the displayed, the using the the the the buttons. the If incorrect three the "The operation locked." about and then the switches to If this the from the outlet and then and the back The displays the that the If the of the that appears the and the the If to the operation and input the thirty the following and the "The operation locked. as Select and then the the the displayed, and then the The the this to If the Protect shown displayed four the buttons. The displayed as the fourth the displayed. the The accepted." displayed. If the incorrectly, prompting to the and
Anti-Theft The includes the following security to from Security The security with the Security You about the Security the Security theft-prevention through the to the to or the anti-theft through the the with the locking instructions.
Troubleshooting Reading the You the of this the the top each the following and follow the to the If the connected correctly or the the or Warning flashing off High You this high the items listed. this from the least Clean the It to the the with as as to the this otherwise If there when and switch the and the from the or the the
lights flashing off approximately and seconds. Then, and the If the when the from the If the and and seconds. Then, the from the outlet and or the the related High (overheating) The off and the to the shown right. approximately and seconds, and blown Clean the and the the then the If the The switch the once the The further using this high that or High to On. Iris and the turned this from the least Clean the this high that or High to On. If the when and the turned
the or off Normal flashing off Flashes Standing-by that the ready to used. (Approx. the warm-up. This reduce the of the The operation of and buttons cool- stand-by once cool-down completed. the This reduce the of the Cooling Child Child
the If this functioning normally, the following repairs. the to Reference At these turn the closed? appear the or of the to the appear the Function/Numerics switch the The input) the to the There or too The the too the microphone connected correctly? sound heard from the microphone the from the Mic and then the If recorded the they The and the the cooling If the and off when the off the switch then and the If the to that the Stop the the from the and the Child A/V active? Press the the to A/V the DVD correct? Press to switch to DVD. the the the Could there the the the operations prohibited. the or the incorrectly? the Mic turned too high? active? Press A/V active? Press the the to A/V the cover closed? the Mic turned too The with It type. the there that from the DVD
Reference At these If there the they displayed. appear or Reference At these the the connected turned appear Switch the to the or playback the playback the connected connected supported displayed If when the to the the that to the the connected correctly? displayed If used, interference the The and The the aspect ratio to truncated or input and If the aspect ratio selected right the the to the to the played back the become the to OFF? the and refresh the with the the and to and the and the refresh the the the the connected turned Turn the the connected Press the playback to the connected or with built-in LCD connected? the from the Press to switch to DVD. the with the the and to and the the the Press the the interference or appear the projected. displayed and synchronization, and correctly, and the aspect ratio to the input Press the the of the displayed and synchronization, and the to only. the with the information, or to the
This section such as cleaning the and the the from the Cleaning Cleaning the and builds the or the or the The overheating. nothing the and clean or the displayed, from the and the cleaner. If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to operation and shortening of the service of It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the the or Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the cloth with containing amount of wring the cloth the softly with the cloth to and then with cloth. Cleaning the cloth cleaning to the such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shock, as
the or The the appears the when The or to to the and the displayed about hours of passed. The which this the and the which this used. If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready Optional Accessories and The following optional and purchase required. This of optional as of of to without and the country or of purchase. ELPLP55 as Optional ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPAF26 as HD-15 ELPKC02 HD-15 ELPKC09 HD-15 PC ELPKC10 to the to ELPKC19 to
to the Turn the switch off and when sounds, the the cover. the the the cover. of properly with regulations. ABS resin the the and upwards.
the The immediately Once the switched off, allow hour to the to allow to cool thoroughly. Turn the switch off, and when sounds, the the screws of the cover the screwdriver that with the the cover and then to the screws. the the
Tighten the screws firmly. the cover. the operating the replaced, the The built-in counter that of the operating and the displayed based this counter. the and Press and when the appears, the Info to Hours. the and the cover securely. If the or the cover correctly, this turned off as This includes that Please regulations or recycling. of with
Select and to the
Projection and to the following and the which allows the the of the reference. Projection the from the to the of the of Units: Units: Units:
Compatible Units: TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Units: SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI Units: VGA60 SVGA60 XGA60 WXGA60 SXGA2_60 Normal Normal Normal Aspect Aspect Aspect
SXGA3_60 SXGA+60 UXGA60 Units: VGA60/72/75/85, SVGA56/60/72/75/85, XGA60/70/75/85, SXGA1_70/75/85/100 WXGA60/75/85 WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA2_60 SXGA3_60/75/85 SXGA+60/75/85 WXGA+60/75/85 UXGA60 WSXGA+60 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 You to where the VGA when other than those input, that the projected. functions supported. characters, and Normal Normal Aspect Aspect
Compatible MPEG .AVI MPEG-1/MPEG-2/ MPEG- PCM/ADPCM/MPEG/ PAL: or 4(Advanced MP3/WMA/AC3/DTS NTSC: or .VID/.DIV/ Theater)/ .XVID .MPE/ .MPG/ .MPEG MPEG-1/ MPEG-2 PCM/ADPCM/LPCM/ MPEG/MP3/WMA/ AC3/DTS .DAT MPEG-1 MPEG or II II PAL: NTSC: .VOB MPEG-2 PCM/ADPCM/LPCM/ MPEG/MP3/WMA/ AC3/DTS The the following to GMC motion to CD: DVD: USB: this the performance of the USB PCM/ADPCM/MPEG/ PAL: or MP3/WMA/AC3/DTS NTSC: or PAL: or NTSC: or PAL: NTSC:
Specifications Product EB-W8D 335W 136H 239D (Including Polysilicon TFT active (1,280W 800H (light supply 240VAC to to Approximately Connectors input 10W, Rated The USB UHE 200W, ELPLP55 to 120VAC to 240VAC to +35C to +60C RCA RCA RCA HDMI input HDMI Mic USB USB RCA Headphone system:Practical, 10W 10W THD) headphone or The or it than
that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to However, there that interference If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers America, INC. Located Airport of Product H335C MS:3-13 CA FCC United States WARNING
HDMI of "High-Definition Interface", which the and sound The HDMI established and and this allows high-quality without It function. HDTV of High-Definition to to high-definition TV that the following or or higher (where, to and to aspect ratio JPEG photographs with the JPEG MP3 The of MPEG1 It the of the to greatly reduced, whilst high sound NTSC The of the National and to of the This the USA and PAL The of Phase and to of the This with the of and other African and countries. SDTV of Definition and to the TV broadcasting that the HDTV SECAM The of and to of the wave This Eastern the Union, the East and African WMA The of the Microsoft Corporation of You WMA using XP, or the WMA please that the Microsoft Corporation of America. If that certified, that it correctly. the waveform the TV (NTSC Expressed (brightness (chromatin the waveform (brightness Aspect The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio This the aspect ratio of when played back. Converts the and to Playback (PBC) back CDs. You the or information to from the displayed. related terms Title/Chapter/Track One DVD titles, which of chapters. Chapter Chapter Chapter and CDs tracks. Track Track Track Track DVD CD/Audio CD Chapter
This as of the of July, obtained from the If what of these please the www.epson.com. EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST AFRICA ALBANIA INFOSOFT SYSTEM Address: AUSTRIA EPSON DEUTSCHLAND OG A-3400 Address: BELGIUM EPSON B.V. Branch office B-1930 Address: BOSNIA AND HERZEGOVINA KIMTEC BULGARIA EPSON Service ProSoft Service G. Bonchev SRT. Sofia Address: CROATIA RECRO V. Address: CYPRUS TECH-U SERVICES LTD CZECH REPUBLIC EPSON EUROPE B.V. Branch Office DENMARK EPSON C Address: ESTONIA EPSON Service Address: FINLAND (UK) C FI-01640 FRANCE DOM-TOM TERRITORY EPSON S.A. Victor BP LEVALLOIS PERRET CEDEX Address: GERMANY EPSON D-40670 Address: GREECE EPSON Greece Address: HUNGARY EPSON EUROPE B.V. Branch Office H-1117 Address: www.epson.hu IRELAND (UK) Hempstead HP2 7TJ Address: ITALY EPSON M. (MI) Address: KAZAKHSTAN EPSON Office Office Address: LATVIA EPSON Service ServiceNet LV Address: www.epson.lv LITHUANIA EPSON Service ServiceNet Address: www.epson.lt LUXEMBURG EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Branch office B-1930 Address: MACEDONIAN DIGIT COMPUTER ENGINEERING II Address: NETHERLANDS EPSON B.V. office NL-1096 EJ The Address: NORWAY EPSON NORWAY 1A N-0283 NORWAY Address:
POLAND EPSON EUROPE B.V. Branch Office Address: PORTUGAL EPSON R. Address: ROMANIA EPSON EUROPE B.V. Branch Office Sector Address: EPSON CIS 2A, Address: EPSON Office 6A, Office Address: SERBIA AND MONTENEGRO BS PROCESSOR F.R. NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEANI ISLANDS CANADA Scarborough, CANADA M1W 3Z5 or COSTA RICA EPSON SLOVAKIA EPSON EUROPE B.V. Branch Office Address: SLOVENIA BIROTEHNA Address: SPAIN EPSON S.A. Address: SWEDEN Address: SWIZERLAND EPSON DEUTSCHLAND Branch office CH-8305 Address: MEXICO EPSON S.A. C.V. Col. C.P. DF TURKEY TECPRO Address: Info: UK (UK) Hempstead HP2 7TJ AFRICA Address: welcome_africa.htm or SOUTH AFRICA South Africa Fourways Office Fourways Fourways, South Africa. Address: MIDDLE EAST East) P.O. UAE(United Address: welcome_africa.htm U. S. A. America, Inc. Airport CA Address:
SOUTH AMERICA ARGENTINA EPSON SRL. Address: BRAZIL EPSON SP Address: ASIA OCEANIA AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTYLIMITED Road, NSW AUSTRALIA Address: CHINA EPSON (BEIJING) TECHNOLOGY SERVICE CO.,LTD. 1F,A. The NO.18 EPSON (BEIJING) TECHNOLOGY SERVICE CO.,LTD.SHANGHAI BRANCH ZIP EPSON (BEIJING) TECHNOLOGY SERVICE CO.,LTD.GUANGZHOU BRANCH ROOM North,Guangzhou,China EPSON (BEIJING) TECHNOLOGY SERVICE CO.,LTD.CHENDU BRANCH ROOM2803B, Unit, NO.2, Road, HONGKONG Service HONG KONG Unit Road, HONG KONG Address: INDIA: EPSON INDIA PVT. LTD. The Tower A, Murphy Address: CHILE EPSON Chile S.A. Address: COLOMBIA EPSON LTD. Address: INDONESIA: PT. EPSON INDONESIA Prince, JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VI Customer Group: JAPAN Address: KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD. 11F Tower, Address: MALAYSIA SDN. BHD. East Tower, SS or Address: NEW ZEALAND: New Hobson New PHILIPPINES: EPSON PHILIPPINES CORPORATION ADB City Address: PERU EPSON S.A. Address: VENEZUELA EPSON S.A. Address: SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. One Address: TAIWAN EPSON Road, ROC. Address: THAILAND: EPSON (Thailand) Co.,Ltd. Tower, South Sathorn Road, Sathorn, Thailand.
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. The of this or updated without further and this publication from and and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and other countries. XGA or of International Corporation. of Apple Inc. from and the of U.S. #s: other U.S. and issued DTS and DTS Surround and the DTS and of DTS, Inc. DTS, Inc. Rights Certified, and associated of Inc. and DVD HDMI and High-Definition Interface or of HDMI Licensing, LLC. other or of respective they specified. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights