rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation. EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. California, USA
Introduction lightweight EPSON ELP-3000 allows to and The to PC or and the other such as VCR, or with or both displayed to of The bright that easily light enough to You the or to amplification. You the through which allows to switch and to the The of VGA including IBM and and Apple computers, including the and Macintosh. The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM or
the of Introduction The with of features that allow to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. The buttons the allow to directly the the brightness, or switch from to the other. Additional using the buttons the to the The which the or allow to the following: the brightness, sharpness, and of the the and the rotating or inverting Additional Chapter You the to the Communication
Communication The Communication allows and to RS-232C The includes RS-232C and software ELP and ELP ELP allows to to the from The that including the to the from the ELP The ELP allows to the to The trackball the and buttons the to or and or the functions as information using ELP and information the ELP Remote electricity turning off the the specified of (the the the turned off. This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or off. the of
Optional Introduction Rear If the rear which the the To the with projection, to purchase the optional and the directly to To of the EPSON the following specifically with the They allow to bright, to lights to the The and Carrying the and its Both and Remote wire, which allows to directly the to the This option to the when the the and such as when the the and the You purchase these from ELP-3000 or EPSON Accessories
About This Chapter Installation, instructions the and to and optional other the that apply to the to turn the the the operation and the ELP software; and the projection. the to the to the and the of the and such as bass or Chapter Remote of the Computer, to the ELP the to It to the buttons the to the Chapter Troubleshooting, to the lights and helpful information and technical specifications. About This
Instructions Introduction Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the type of or the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or built-in provided.
of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. or covers to and other servicing to service the or when the from the outlet and servicing to service the following A. the or or B. If or to or C. If normally when the operating instructions or performance, indicating service. D. If or the Instructions
Where to Introduction America and service through nationwide of authorized EPSON and Service EPSON the following services through the EPSON SM the U.S., GO-EPSON. Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Service Technical with the installation, and of EPSON products EPSON Technical information service Product with technical specifications and products Customer Relations. You purchase and EPSON (U.S. only). CO-EPSON locations. technical ready to and its If with software the that with that technical
CompuServe The to helpful specifications, and through the America CompuServe, If already CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach the America If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership introductory credit CompuServe ID and to Compuserver CompuServes monthly publication. To of this offer, the United States and other countries, or CompuServe Where to
introduction Remote information The ELP-3000 allows infrared(IR) receivers located the front and back of The to commands the following The light too bright of lighting strong light IR Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following The the batteries. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, cover the IR the with light-blocking such as computer-based directly from the containing of the README Information The that with include README that information about the to these
his chapter to and to other You the to or to such as VCR, or Connecting to other optional. to the tor to both and or the or of the following: or both The the or another such as to or PA to the the RS-232C Communication This and the the to and to the Directly the and the the optional You to this to the
the the these AA VGA VGA and MONITOR) cover RS-232C which consists of RS-232C RS-232C the Macintosh, and the Macintosh, and the PC) of these to the the It should its or the
Additional to the to To from both the and to To One usually with One that If include To the to RCA-to-3.5mm You from If PC RS-232C to You from Unpacking the
the the within of the or the the when This the the the from the The the and the the the following to the inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Turn the the right to the If the right the crooked. from
of the to the the other to grounded If the off using the switch the back of the To the the off the cover as shown the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover. the
Connecting to the following and as as they If the the with cloth. If immediately. the of them with nonburn- Whenever You the to of VGA including: IBM PC or IBM or Apple including and Apple with This includes and the following section that to
Connecting to PC off the and they To the the the coyer located the right of the the the from the VGA the back of and to the MONITOR of the the VGA to the VGA the LCD to the IN/OUT Tighten the screws to they securely. Connecting to
Connecting to PC off the and they To the the the located the right of the the the LCD the to the IN/OUT the VGA the to the the screws to they securely. the graphics activated, turn off their internal information the internal
Connecting to off the and they To the the the cover located the right of the the the with the to the the the MONITOR to the MONITOR and the VGA to the VGA the from the the back of the and to the MONITOR the VGA (attached to the to the the LCD to the IN/OUT Tighten the screws to they securely. Connecting to
Connecting to information. off the and they To the the the cover located the right of the the the with to the the back of the the VGA to the VGA of the the VGA to the the LCD to the Computer IN/OUT Tighten the screws to they securely. the
Connecting to Source The or You RCA You four-pin The with You to both and the the selects the To to the The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and the that detected. Chapter that the then to type of The type of to the to the whether or the with the the with or from To to the Turn off the and they the the It To or something Connecting to Source
the RCA of the to the the other RCA to the of the (The and white information about of the the the other to the of
Connecting to Source The and input the the and the the right If to that to the To from the or the with the To from both the and to from of the to the or the the white the and the the (You the supplying the other of the to the the white the and the the Connecting to Source
Connecting to or PA small-or the internal If the to amplified or PA To the to sound to RCA- to-3.5mm You from turn off the and the or PA the the the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the You should the
Communication Connecting the The RS-232C Communication allows and to the from and the to The consists of and software ELP and ELP Remote Instructions the and software the information using ELP and information the ELP Remote Chapter the the to when the Communication If, the the turned off. Chapter information about the To the RS-232C to and of the RS-232C to the RS-232C If the RS-232C to the the
the software The the following the other of the RS-232C to the RS-232C or to the RS-232C The PC It RS-232C, COM1, or something If to to with the the and the PC. the Each ELP and the ELP the software, the Then the following: Co to the and choose from the the Command text type A: SETUP or SETUP as Choose OK. Then follow the instructions. Double-click the ELP and follow the onscreen instructions.
Connecting the Remote with the Lead If the and to the to the to the directly to the with the optional wire. You might to directly the the the and the To directly the of the to the Remote the other to the the front of the both securely. Connecting the Remote with the Lead
the his chapter the following information about Turning the and off Focusing and positioning the the with the operation and ELP software the of the rear
Turning the On and the the and its attached the following than or amplified or PA Computer. The switch the back the the and the to the seconds, appears Warning: the when the This It that the If the when the the To off the the To off the and other the shown off the the to heat from the to seconds turning the back If the immediately turning off, the might too and the
Focusing and Positioning the Screen The following the of the appears that and correctly the To the the which the the To the of the the which the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to Focusing and Positioning the
the If to or the the or the the of the as follows: the and the front of while the release buttons located the This the they and freely. the the its This the has. While the release buttons, or the the correctly positioned. Release the buttons to the their To the height of the turn the clockwise to the height or counterclockwise to
the Normally the using the The the allow to the following: Switch the and the brightness, and synchronization Turn or off Access the to the or Chapter The of the buttons To the of the receivers. One located the front of the the other located the back. You the to from the to the the by: Pressing the buttons the located top of the These the buttons the the ELP software This the the including the information. the
the
Next* Custom Light and Bright and and Select* Trackball buttons and the when using the displayed, these buttons the to the Chapter information. If the and reactivated using the trackball. Press to off the trackball. Function or off. the Chapter or the Selects of four or to assign the function. Switches the and or the Turns off the sound. buttons seconds or or the trackball. Pressing the buttons another seconds. the RGB from the to the brightness. the Selects when the displayed or the Chapter the when the or the the
the from ELP the If the as the ELP to the from To ELP of the following: the ELP double-clicking its Then the ELP the ELP double-clicking its Double-click the ELP and then the ELP You to the following:
the The the right of the allow to the as with the the of these buttons. The buttons the allow to the information about the Chapter The three lights the top of the its operating the and lights and the light off. the light off and the light the or of the or whenever the lights or Chapter information about the meaning of the lights, the
Rear Projection the The front or rear the the of the screen from the as shown the Rear the This the from to right information about the the the and the the optional to the information. If the wire, the buttons the to to the
the allow to the following: the brightness, sharpness, and of the the or of the the of the and the rear or mount. such as bass, and the rotating or inverting and the the the and the Assign function to the Custom
Accessing the the You the or To top of the the the or the This the currently selected Other from the the of the The following shows the each of the Source, Prompt, On, To, Prompt Custom Brightness, Contrast, Tracking, Red, (PC only), LC only) Brightness, Sharpness, Color, Text To, Rear Down, Invert
To the Select the or operation To the the trackball or the Function Select buttons To the the with increasing and or checkboxes or off. when shown with To or or off, of the following: If the the trackball to Then the buttons and to increase or or or off. If the the Function Select buttons to and the Function buttons to or turn or off. the them. Turning off the the Accessing the
Accessing ELP the If the and reactivated the trackball. Press to off the trackball. You from To the ELP as You to the shown below. The buttons the To the Although the from those the the the
Restoring the You the back to the factory the which appears each and ELP the To choose the the The following sections the each that the and both Brightness and This allows to the brightness and of without affecting the other. You the when the selected as the the when the selected. The displayed the shown the following The ELP the the the
the You the first PC, or the Brightness or the Increase bright- to to the of light and areas. Increase the light to light and to Decrease to the the lightest and of the the graphics from the this the or or artifacts.
Tracking Matches the internal clock to the graphics If appear within to the the they Text (PC only) LC the the LC Turn this LC. only) the the corrected Brightness and Contrast. the of the the of the the of the the to the Normally to DOS software text than the
the Brightness Sharpness or the Increase bright- to to the of light and areas. Increase the light to light and to Decrease to the the lightest and of the or within Increase sharpness and Decrease sharpness the Increase when and Decrease and the type of the NTSC, PAL, or SECAM.
the or right. To the to the right, increase the to to the the the or To the increase the to the Switches the of the the top and of the selected, the the If NTSC, PAL, or SECAM, the the selected Normally should the the Increase to the to red.
To Rear the Selects the shown the when the to clear the Choose White, or of the right and of the the front Rear should off. the of the the turned from mount. each with its when of and white the
Source Increases or the sound the and right Increase the sound the and the right. Decrease sound the right. whether from the (C), from the (V), or from the currently selected (CV, the If C or V, the switch the Increases or tones. Increases or high tones. or off. the the built-in and amplified If to the to the right to increase to the
Prompt On the Temporarily displays the to which or the This appears when switch the what shown when The options Black, or and the Chapter information. the If within the specified the to The Automatically the when turned On off.
Custom the the The choices English and The Custom allows to the Custom to immediately of the following four the the and the Communication off the and the to white, or The of the the To Temporarily displays the to which or the This appears when switch the
Remote of the his chapter the ELP Remote this the to software The trackball the and the buttons to or or icons. If wish, assign to of to and commands. If assign to pressing the the as the the or using the and to of the buttons, through with the of If assign Apple and to the ELP Remote first the Communication as Chapter
ELP Remote Templates Remote of the buttons the the the ELP The buttons the Next, and and buttons. The and commands assigned to each The ELP with of Each software template active The following shows the assignments the This template active the first the ELP Remote You the template or of the templates [MLBC] arrow Right [MRBC] Right arrow [MLBDG] [MLBC] Right [MRBC]
Starting the ELP Remote The ELP Remote or the This section information that to both platforms. information to the ELP the which selecting the the following to the ELP Remote the ELP double-clicking Then the ELP Remote the ELP double-clicking its Double-click the ELP Remote and then the ELP Remote the ELP Remote to the the This which the buttons the allows to the assignment and then the template with the The ELP Remote to the to software If to buttons, the ELP Remote appears as the of the Although both ELF Remote and ELP the the, only active. If both ELP priority. Starting the ELP Remote
Remote of the
The following the the ELP The buttons that shown the right of the Function ELP Remote commands. ELP Remote information. Record the template active with the text that displays the assigned when Turns and off. of the that character and commands. the to non-character and commands. Starting the ELP Remote
to Remote of the To assign the ELP the to the text of the to You then and commands. To assign command, the the top of the and the command. This (PC) or the to the command. To or type or The shown the text to the with (PC) or (Macintosh) representing non-character F1). On the non-character typed including Command, and You to choose these from the the top of the If PC, to include or to combinations, such as Ctrl S. information about You normally to the created the options Mouse/Special of the
type and the ELP Remote displays the the text to the non-character the ELP Remote (PC) or (Macintosh) that the of or choose the To to assign the ELP Remote Turn Choose the Record the top of the If PC, the to the text of the to the or to the the to to the or assign command. type the the text On the type non-character Command, and the text Instead, to these from the Mouse/Special the To commands, the and (PC) or Mouse/Special to
On the Macintosh, assign combinations, such as Command while To the Mouse/Special each to to Command choose Command Mouse/Special then choose Mouse/Special then type the (It to to choose from Mouse/Special On the PC, to combinations. the section. through each to Turn off Choose the Record or, PC, the the template the This the assignment active with the To to the and the connected the RS-232C as Chapter the Choose or the the ELP Remote of the COM1 To COM2 choose COM2 the Remote of the
Activating Template PC and to that include the or combinations such as Ctrl To manually characters and A, B, C type the non-character the the To the the Each the the [C] or around the as as around each around The following of to the PC: To X, [A]X]. To the [A] X] [ESC]. To [C] [A] [DEL]]. Once to to the template to to the assignment with the You to template To the choose the Activating Template
ELP Remote Remote of the The the top of the these four Allows to template or existing the template or or the easy to text the text of the currently selected The items this allow to and and clear the of the currently selected The items this allow to the following: and the of the template commands only) the to the the COM1 or COM2 (PC only). topics to the
You should the or appear the You to the which located the of the the clean which to cool the and from overheating. You should the trackball the whenever that the trackball rotating smoothly to and that collected the trackball. The only should the and If other replacing, ELP-3000 or service Whenever of the off the and first.
Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the tightly the with lint-free cloth. To or the cloth with alcohol-based and the To clean the first the cord. To or the casing with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the casing to The which located the of the should cleaned hours of If cleaned become with and the from properly This overheating and the
To the Turn off the and the from the Turn the easily the flat-head screwdriver to and the cover. Cleaning the
Cleaning the Trackball The attached to the other of the To the recommended that and other office If cloth. If the to or the ELP or EPSON to to the the to the You should the trackball and whenever that smoothly Turn off both the and the Turn the that surrounds the trackball counterclockwise You to such to the
the trackball from its and completely with cloth to and To and the cloth with alcohol-based cleaner. to the trackball Pressing too the to of the trackball back its and its clockwise Cleaning the Trackball
the If the light or red, or that the might to the type Warning: Allow the to and becomes enough to burn Turn off the and the from the Turn the the cover.
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the cover. You these screws. the screws off the cover. screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the You these screws. the
the and the Gently the lowering the screws the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover
the to the V, AT Follow these Turn off the and the from both the back of the and the Turn the its back facing The located below the switch. the screwdriver or the Then the the
To the from the it Then the the and the back the cord.
Troubleshooting his chapter what indicated the lights and information what to with the It the following with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the this section or the with the this section the or correctly when the If the section and follow that apply to If of the the ELP-3000 or the EPSON the U.S., GO-EPSON.
with the Troubleshooting If with the first the lights the top of the These lights the of the light Flashing The The too The off. Flashing The The Flashing The cooling Flashing The The The and Flashing The from the There with the Flashing
the following: The light the switch and the securely connected both the outlet and the The become too and turned off the to cool turning back The the as Chapter The The Press the the or the operation The burned and to replaced. The light flashing The too Turn off the and cool. the back the light nothing the with the
The light The overheating and the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service The light flashing and the Turn off the and back the fight If the or become as Chapter Troubleshooting
with the or Sound appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly to both the and as Chapter The Press the the or to the The selected. Press the the or to choose the other The correctly, the Brightness to the brightness of the displayed. higher than and the the You to choose the group. Macintosh, choose the Apple and then Monitors; the choose and or another selected. A. You to existing created them software information, with the or Sound
Only the displayed. The input selected correctly. Press the the or to the other The the from the that the securely to both the and If the with software. The when the and peripheral turned Turn off the and the shown Then everything back the The or of the or Turn the the to this the that the within the recommended to the of the the the to the and the the Brightness and the or If try the the There or the Clean the as Chapter Troubleshooting
The of the right. The incorrect. If the Red, and the If the and that the selected. The from properly attached. to that it properly and securely attached to the both the and Text displayed correctly. The software displays text the displays text the Text the Computer to the text to There sound. first that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the Press the the to the function The selected. the the to the Also, that the Source the The might this the with the or Sound
with the Remote You the buttons the to the or buttons First the RS-23X properly and securely as Chapter that the the and the ELP Remote The than from the or than to the of the to the and the directly front of There the the and the the front or back of the the path. If using and the the and the to the directly to the the optional wire. Both the ELP and ELP both ELP priority, You to ELP to the ELP Remote The ELP Remote might than the Bring the ELP Remote and the to which COM selected. Troubleshooting
The the properly or them or them necessary. light such as sunlight or causing interference. the from the strong fight the trackball The Press to the trackball. Double-clicking You double-clicking too and the to distinguish both clicks. Double-click slowly. the ELP Remote PC, the too or too East. The ELP Remote and the with another. the the ELP If this the the with the Remote
Technical Specifications of of Remote Thin Transistor (TFT) inches to inches to to to 1W 1W
Mechanical Technical Specifications Aspect ratio Brightness ratio inches inches inches
and 220-240VAC Rated type 25OV, 6.3AT, 22OW 5OW) VAC Amps, VAC Amps, Operation: to 104F to C) to to C Operation: to RH, to RH,
Technical Specifications The displays of To higher the to The following the the type IBM PC VGA, VESA, NEC, JEGA, CGA Apple Compressed to and
Assignments The following the assignments the three of the LCD VGA and The assign- the VGA and LCD assignments The LCD Its assignments as follows: input with GND GND GND ID GND ID Assignments
and VGA assignments The RGB, and the VGA RGB, The assignments both as follows: input input with input GND GND GND GND GND NC GND GND NC input input NC Technical Specifications
Brightness. The of light and type of that and synchronization information of the tonal the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of white and ELP Remote that allows to the to It allows to to the buttons. the ELP Remote of and commands that assigned to the Pressing the the as the the
NTSC. the National Committee, NTSC North and PAL (Phase New and of Africa. Record Remote which the non-character when the pressed. of the amount of tion measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of that as of red, and RS-232C. type of type of S-VHS It and Saturation. of white with and bright the the of with and SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa.
The type of interface that wire. which the becomes when power-saving which the the turned off. turned when the VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of