rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The NERGY TAR EPA of or service. Copyright America, Inc. California, USA
Information About ELP-3500 Please the following information about ELP-3500 Information WARNING: theprojector when the turned the bright light the when WARNING: cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself: servicing to service WARNING: The ELP-3500 and its from to ofsuffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Information You the ELP-3500 (IR) the front of the The to commands the following light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based tation directly from the containing of the Information About ELP-3500
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes FCC United States WARNING
o o The lightweight, EPSON ELP-3500 and You the to PC or Apple and the other such as VCR, or One or both The displays of and to It bright that easily light enough to You the or the sound to amplification. You the through that switch and to the The as wireless to operations
the of Introduction The of SVGA or VGA including IBM and as as Apple computers, including the TM and The NTSC, PAL, or SECAM or The with of features that allow to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. The buttons the the the A/V, switch from to the other, or the as wireless You other the to the These which the brightness, tint, and other To the as wireless the to with the If purchase the ELP Communication the to functions select.
Optional The buttons the the buttons and the Preset button, when them. buttons the tracking and To of the EPSON the following specifically with the They bright, to lights to the The and High Bright High Bright ELPSC02 Carrying the and its Both and Soft Carrying ELPKS04 Carrying ELPKS05 and with ELPLP02 Software ELP-3500. ELP Communication the of
About This Introduction switch that to the the and then switch from the Selector: You purchase these from ELP-3500 or EPSON Chapter Installation, instructions the and connecting to and other optional the procedures that apply to the to the and the and the or the the to the to brightness and and tint, and other It to and Chapter to the Troubleshooting, to the warning lights and helpful information and Chapter technical specifications.
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire. the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. Instructions
Introduction the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or built-in installation, provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the from the and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the
Where to services EPSON and service through of authorized EPSON Customer the location or the following services: Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information installation, and operation of EPSON products Customer relations. to commonly about EPSON products hours EPSON Sound You purchase or from EPSON (U.S. only). please If using software with EPSON the that technical information. You helpful specifications, DIP switch or and EPSON hours and of the services below. Where to
World EPSON FTP EPSON Download Service EPSON Fax-on-Demand Service EPSON CompuServe Introduction From the reach If FTP (or other software FTP downloading) to ftp.epson.com with the user anonymous and as the You the EPSON Download Service BBS software to parity. to You technical information or and selecting the option. You to Fax-on-Demand. of CompuServe type GO EPSON the to reach CompuServes America of EPSON introductory CompuServe membership, which to introductory credit and ID and To of this offer the U.S. or and
NERGY TAR EPSON that this the NERGY TAR efficiency. The EPA NERGY TAR Office with the and office industry to the introduction of computers, monitors, and to reduce caused
This chapter to and to other You the to or to such as VCR, or Connecting to other optional. to the to both and or the or of the following: the to the as wireless or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
Unpacking the the these Remote AA ELP cover PS/2 the of these to the the the its or the To One with
Additional the to the One that If include To the to sound RCA-to-3.5 You from To the to or other You these items from You the with that with PS/2 the within of the or the the This the the ELP-3500 mount the the
the the from the The the and the the the the below to the from the from the to the inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches SO.6 inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches the right to the the distorted.
of the to the the other to grounded The indicated the light. Warning: the when the The might when operated. This It that children the To the the off the cover as shown the
Connecting to the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover. batteries, the following and as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. the You the to of VGA including: IBM PC or IBM PC or
Connecting to PC Apple including and Apple with This includes and the following section that to off the and they of the to the the from the VGA the back of the and the to the VGA Tighten the screws both to they securely. Connecting to
Connecting to PC the of the PS/2 to the Mouse/Corn the from the the back of the and the of the PS/2 to the off the and they of the to the
the other of the to the Tighten the screws both to they securely. the of the PS/2 to the Mouse/Corn Connecting to
Connecting to Disconnect the from the the back of the Then the of the PS/2 to the the graphics activated, turn off their internal information the internal off the and they of the to the the to the other of the
the from the the back of the Macintosh, and the with the to the Tighten the screws the to they securely. the of the to the Mouse/Corn Connecting to
Connecting to the from the the back of the Then the of the to the information. off the and they of the to the the that with to the the back of the the to the other of the
the to the other of the the the screws the to they securely. the of the to the Mouse/Corn the from the the back of the and the of the to the the Mirroring. Connecting to
Connecting to Source You player, or other to the The or You RCA You four-pin The with You to both and the the selects the To to the The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the specify that detected. the Option Chapter that the then to type of The type of to the to the whether or the with the the with or from To to the Turn off the and they
If round, one-prong (RCA) the that with the ELP-3500. If round, four-prong to purchase the RCA of the to the the other yellow RCA to the of (The and white information about of the the the other the of Connecting to Source
Connecting to Source Connecting from (such as VCR) The of input input and input The input to the and to the right If to that to the or the off the and they of the to the of the the white the and the the the other of the to the of the the white to the and the to the right
Connecting from or Connecting to or PA Turn off the and they of to the the (You to purchase this the other of the to the the or the internal If the to amplified or PA To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 You from Connecting to or PA
Turn off the and or PA they the to the the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the
the This chapter the following information about using Turning the and off Focusing and positioning the the with the and the the of the
Turning the On and the the and its attached the following (such as VCR), from or amplified or PA necessary) Computer. the Then the the or the to the The If or attached, the or projected. Allow about seconds Warning: the when the This It that the the to turn off
to the The and the flashes about seconds as the cools off. the cooled off, the to and the below). The that turned back while the flashing the the cooled and the The below the of Turning the On and
Focusing and Positioning the the electricity turning off the the the and amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the cord. appears that and correctly the To the the which the the To the of the the which the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to If to or the the or the the of the as follows: the and the front of while the release located the This the they and freely. the the its This the
the While the release or the the correctly positioned. Release the to the their To the height of the turn the clockwise to the height or counterclockwise to You normally the with the the allow to the following: Turn or off the the and Switch and the as wireless when the to the with the Access the to the or Chapter Access functions with the optional ELP software. Functions of the buttons To the the the front of the You the to about from the front of the (This the
the to the there buttons the top of the that the back of o o
Function Source Switches the and or the that assigned the optional C o o o Selects item and the of the selected the (when the connected to the with the Right Clicks the right AN Turns off the and the or Clicks the The the back of the the
the the Function or or the Selects item Right Arrow the of the selected item Source Switches the and and information.) Tracking Matches the internal clock to graphics If appear Tracking to the they graphics from the this the or the
Warning lights lights There warning lights the top of the and of lights the top of the The lights the operating The lights the top of the when Chapter about what to when the lights The lights know the of the as below. light Function Steady (The Steady the and the Flashing The cooling Indicates whether or (Comp) currently selected as the Indicates the currently selected memory information.) You turn the when the light flashing to the cooling
the the following: and the and and red, and of the and of the the and
the You the the the or the the the or the the currently selected The and lights the which the To clear the from the The below the each to item and its If the connected to the currently selected or or the BRIGHTNESS CONTRAST POSITION POSITION SETTINGS ON the
Item BRIGHTNESS or the Increase to or to the CONTRAST the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. POSITION the or right. Increase the to the right, or to POSITION the or Increase the to the or to SETTINGS ON, of Item BRIGHTNESS or the Increase to or to the CONTRAST the of light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the the lightest and of the COLOR Increase the and Decrease and TINT the Increase the to (NTSC only) to the or to red. SETTINGS ON, of the
the the To to increase or the or the or off. Follow the the section below to item and its Press the to the the or arrow to highlight the item to the item highlighted, the or right arrow to its finished to clear the
the Press the to the Press the of the to the highlighting Press the of the to the highlighting the item to highlighted, the or right of the to the finished to clear the
the SETTINGS Computer SETTINGS the The SETTINGS shows the currently the selected or To SETTINGS highlight the SETTINGS option the then the right arrow the or the right of the SETTINGS each below. SETTINGS EXIT 800X600 MODE TRACKING SYNC VOLUME PRESET LAMP input the the SETTINGS the tracking of to of to of to Selected information.)
SETTINGS the Option hours hours (displayed lo-hour SETTINGS VOLUME PRESET LAMP input type: NTSC of to Selected information.) To clear SETTINGS and to the highlight the EXIT option and then the arrow the or the of the The option of basic normally to To the option the currently selected the NTSC the Option
option the least three seconds. To clear the option from the The below the option each selecting and item RED GREEN BLUE PICTURE LANGUAGE Item RED GREEN strength. BLUE strength. PICTURE sharpness. and white LANGUAGE English, Spanish, the following
option PICTURE LANGUAGE MODE AUTO Item sharpness. and PICTURE LANGUAGE English, Spanish, the following MODE the NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. Connecting to Source Chapter information. the Option
the You to (three and three when them. These memory when off the The to the currently selected as below. the the as its and these tracking Brightness the and these Brightness NTSC only).
memory previously that memory the the to choose the memory where to The light the currently selected memory or Pressing the the selected memory (or off the this While the light the memory the and You the following brightness, and and Brightness, and (NTSC only) the and the instructions the about three seconds, the memory light flashing. Then release the Preset the light flashing and and the the selected memory
Recalling Clearing the Recalling with the that memory. the the to the memory that the to anymore, clear its memory This from the memory and them with the To clear follow these the Preset the to choose the memory to clear. the seconds. The light flashing and when release the Preset
You should the clean, or smears appear the You to clean the the of the Cleaning the to cool the and from overheating. of the off the and the cord. The only should the and If other replacing, ELP-3500 or service
Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning: cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this as specifically this servicing to service Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with alcohol-based and the To clean the first the cord. To or the with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the to
Cleaning the Clean the the of the hours of If cleaned become with the from properly. This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the and the from the Turn the that its top the easily. the with the the top to from flat-head screwdriver to and the cover. Cleaning the
the The attached to the other of the cover. It recommended that and other office to the If lint-free cloth. If the to or the torn, ELP or EPSON Accessories the United States) to to the the to the The typically about hours of It to the when: You that or to The light red. EPSON or EPSON the United States) ELPLP02. Warning: the cool becomes enough to Turn off the and the from the Turn the the cover.
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the cover. You these screws. the screws off the cover. the
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the You these screws. the and the
the Gently the lowering securely. Tighten the screws the and the screws. the cover securely The off the cover the to the as follows: the off. While holding the and buttons, Press and the lights and ON and OFF least release the Tracking and buttons. The flashing lights that the the
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information to with the It the following with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the this section or the If the section and follow that apply to If of the the ELP-3500 or EPSON. the U.S. or
with the Troubleshooting If with the first it off and the from the Then the back and the If this the the warning lights the top of the These lights to with operation. Warning light and Flashing There abnormality the the following information what to when these lights or other with the The The to replaced. the Chapter instructions.)
The light flashing and the The cooling the light to and then the The light Turn off the that the connected securely both the and the and the Projected or to or the light red. the as The light red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat the the to the cooling or internal service with the
with the or Sound Troubleshooting The and lights flashing the abnormality occurred the Turn off the and the from the Then the back and the If nothing the service Warning: as specifically this to service this appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as Chapter The selected. Press the Source the or the to choose the other of the displayed. If the computers higher than the the If the with this choose the the group. choose the Apple
and then Monitors; the choose and or another selected. Chapter If selected, Chapter You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the displayed. The the the the The or of the or Turn the the to this the that the within the recommended the of the the information.) the the to the and the with the or Sound
Troubleshooting the Brightness and the or If the Tracking and buttons the There or smears the Clean the as Chapter The of the right. The incorrect. If the red, and the option If the and (NTSC only) the There sound. that the the and that the securely attached to both the and the The selected. the Source the or to the
Technical Specifications of of Projection Remote aspect ratio ratio Thin Transistor (TFT) inches to to to to
Mechanical Technical Specifications Rated DC W, ELPLP02 inches inches inches to VAC and to VAC W, NERGY TAR to VAC, A, to VAC, A, Operation: to to C) to to C) Operation: to RH, to RH,
Supported displays The displays of To higher the to The following the the Computer type IBM PC and VGA, VESA, JEGA IBM PC CGA Apple and NEC PC The to the to The of allow the to correctly. This with graphic and boards only.
and VGA assignments Technical Specifications The RGB, and the VGA RGB, The assignments both input input with input GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SDA input input SCL+
Brightness. The of light and type of that and synchronization information Contrast. of the tonal the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of white and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase New and of Africa.
of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of that as of red, and type of S-VHS It and SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa. power-saving which the turned off when the only amount of the VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of