EPSON
Copyright America, Inc. California, USA Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation. EPSON service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those The EPA of or service. rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions.
EPSON and this with the efficiency. Apple Computer, Inc. warranties, or implied, including without the of merchantability and the Apple software. Apple warrant, or the or the of the of the Apple software terms of its correctness, reliability, or otherwise. The as to the and performance of the Apple software The of warranties states. The apply to its directors, officers, or to or indirect (including of business profits, business of business information, and the of the or to the Apple software Apple of the of such allow the or of or the apply to to from whatsoever, and of the of the action (whether tort (including or otherwise), to The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing toutes Apple Warranty DOC Users) This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference when the operated FCC United States WARNING
The ELP-3300 allows to (IR) receivers located the front and back of the The to commands the following The light too bright Information WARNING: cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Information WARNING: the when the turned the bright light children the when Information About ELP-3300 Please the following information about ELP-3300
README Information The that with include README that information about the to these Turn off other that If the properly, cover the IR the with light-blocking such as computer-based directly from the containing of the These commonly the following The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. of lighting light IR Other that such as heater, the
to of The bright that easily light enough to You the or to amplification. You the through which allows to switch and to the The of VGA including IBM and and Apple computers, including the and SECAM or and TM The NTSC, PAL, TM lightweight EPSON ELP-3300 allows to VCR, or with or both and The to PC or Apple and the other such as Introduction
Introduction You the to the Communication The which the or allow to the following: the brightness, sharpness, and of the the and bass the rotating or inverting Additional Chapter The with of that allow to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. The buttons the allow to directly the the brightness, or switch from to the other. Additional the buttons the to the the of
electricity turning off the the specified of (the the the turned off. This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to turn or off. the of information ELP and information the ELP Remote Chapter ELP allows to to the from The that including the to the from the ELP The ELP allows to the to The trackball the and buttons the to or and or the as Communication The Communication allows and to RS-232C The includes RS-232C and software ELP and ELP Remote
Optional Introduction Rear If the projection, which the the To the with projection, to purchase the optional and the directly to To of the EPSON the following specifically with the They allow to bright, to lights to the The and Carrying the and its Both and Remote which allows to directly the to the This option to the when the the and such as when the the and the You purchase these from ELP-3300 or EPSON
About This Chapter Installation, instructions the and connecting to and optional other the that apply to Chapter the to the using the the operation and the ELP software; and the the to the to the and the of the and such as or Chapter Remote of the Computer, to the ELP the to It assign to the the Chapter to the Chapter Troubleshooting, to the lights and helpful information and technical specifications. About This
Instructions Introduction Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the type of or the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or built-in
Instructions B. If or to or C. If normally when the operating instructions or performance, indicating service. D. If or the as specifically this to service this yourself. or covers to and other servicing to service the or when the from the and servicing to service the following A. the or or of through of the
Introduction If purchased the United States or EPSON or the location and service. Technical information the installation, and of EPSON products Customer You purchase and EPSON products EPSON (U.S. only). BUY-EPSON locations. If purchased the United States or EPSON and service through of authorized EPSON Customer EPSON the following services when EPSON Technical information service Product and products Assistance locating Authorized EPSON or Customer Where to
to CompuServe CompuServes monthly publication. Where to CompuServe the America CompuServe. If already type GO EPSON the to reach the America If currently of CompuServe, introductory membership as of EPSON This membership to: introductory CompuServe user ID and EPSON Download Service You the EPSON Download Service BBS) membership required. software to with and to the that with software information. CompuServe services If helpful specifiations, tion and EPSON products through the services below.
Introduction EPSON that this the efficiency. The EPA that computers, and other peripheral would annually and reduced tons. World If connected to the and World to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON Corporate Info, and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chat To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON To of this offer, the United States and and other countries, or CompuServe
the RS-232C Communication This and the the to and to the Directly the and the the optional wire. You to this to the rear his chapter to and to other You the to or to such as VCR, or player. Connecting to other optional. to the tor to both and or the or of the following: or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
to the the It should its or the RS-232C which consists of RS-232C RS-232C the and the and the PC) of these AA VGA VGA and MONITOR) cover Unpacking the the these
the To the to RCA-to-3.5mm You from If PC RS-232C to You from To from both the and to To One usually with One that If include Additional to the to
Turn the the right to the If the right the crooked. inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches from the the when This the the the from the The the and the the the following to the the the within of the or
the cover. the the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. To the the off the as shown of the to the the other to grounded If the off the switch the back of the
the following section that to IBM PC or IBM or Apple including and Apple with This includes and Connecting to the You the to of VGA including: the following and as as they If the the with cloth. If immediately.
MONITOR Connecting to LCD VGA VGA In/Out the from the VGA the back of and to the MONITOR of the the VGA to the VGA the LCD to the IN/OUT the screws to they securely. Connecting to PC off the and they To the the the cover located the right of the the
the graphics activated, off their internal information the internal VGA MONITOR LCD In/Out the LCD the to the IN/OUT the VGA the to the Tighten the screws to they securely. Connecting to PC off the and they To the the the cover located the right of the the
MONITOR MONITOR LCD Connecting to the LCD to the IN/OUT Tighten the screws to they securely. VGA VGA In/Out the with the to the the the MONITOR to the MONITOR and the VGA to the VGA Disconnect the from the the back of the and to the MONITOR the VGA (attached to the to the Connecting to off the and they To the the the cover located the right of the the
VGA LCD the LCD to the IN/OUT Tighten the screws to they securely. the Mirroring. In/Out off the and they To the the the cover located the right of the the the with to the the back of the the VGA to the VGA of the the VGA to the Connecting to information.
Turn off the and they the the It To or something Connecting to Source The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and the that detected. Chapter that the then to type of The type of to the to the whether or the with the the with or from To to the The or You RCA You four-pin The with You to both and the the selects the To to the Connecting to Source
of the the the other to the of the RCA of the to the the other RCA to the of the (The and white information about
white Connecting to Source white of the to the or the the white the and the the (You the supplying the other of the to the the white the and the the The and input the the and the the right If to that to the To from the or the with the To from both the and to from Connecting to Source
(red) the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the You should the (white) Remote 0.35A 12V DC or the internal If amplification the to amplified or PA To the to sound to RCA- to-3.5mm You from off the and the or PA the the Connecting to or PA
of the RS-232C to the RS-232C If the RS-232C to the the Connecting the the the to when the Communication If, the the turned off. Chapter information about the To the RS-232C to and The RS-232C Communication allows and to the from and the to The consists of and software ELP and ELP Instructions the and software the information ELP and information the ELP Remote Chapter Communication
the choose from the choose and then the Command A:SETUP B:SETUP text type or as Choose OK. Then follow the instructions. Macintosh. Double-click the ELP and follow the instructions. with the the and the PC. only the platform. Each ELP and the ELP Remote the software, the Then the following: the software the other of the RS-232C to the RS-232C or to the RS-232C The PC It RS-232C, COM1, or something If to to The the following
Connecting the Remote with the Lead DC Remote 0.35A 12V If the and to the to the to the directly to the with the optional wire. You might to directly the the the and the To directly the of the to the Remote the other to the the front of the both securely. Connecting the Remote with the Lead
Focusing and positioning the the with the operation and ELP software the of the the his chapter the following information about Turning the and off
the To off the and other the shown off the the to heat from the to seconds turning the back If the immediately turning it off, the might too and the The switch the back. the the and the to the seconds, appears Warning: the when the This It that children the If the when the the To off the the than or amplified or PA Computer. Turning the On and the and its attached the following
appears that and correctly the To the the which the the To the of the the which the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to Focusing and Positioning the Focusing and Positioning the foot input/output lights foot release operation The following the of the
the To the height of the the clockwise to the height or counterclockwise to the its This the While the release buttons, or the the correctly positioned. Release the buttons to the their the and the front of while the release buttons located the This the they and freely. the If to or the the or the the of the as follows:
Pressing the buttons the located top of the These buttons the buttons the the ELP software This the the including the information. the The of the buttons To the of the receivers. One located the front of the the other located the back. You the to from the to the the by: Switch the and the brightness, and synchronization Turn or off Access the to the or Chapter the Normally the the The buttons the allow to the following:
the Select Function Select Bright Function Light Bright Custom Next Select
to the Chapter information. If the and reactivated the trackball. Press to off the trackball. the and the RGB from the to Bright and the brightness. and the Select* the Chapter Selects when the displayed or Trackball the when the or the buttons and the when the displayed, these buttons the Custom Selects of four or Chapter to assign the function. Switches the and or the off the sound. Light or the trackball. Pressing the buttons another seconds. seconds or Function or off. Next* the or the
the the ELP double-clicking its Then the ELP Macintosh. the ELP double-clicking its Double-click the ELP and then the ELP You to the following: the from ELP If the as Chapter the ELP to the from To ELP of the following:
the the and lights and the light off. the light off and the light the or operation of the or whenever the lights flash or information about the of the lights. light light light the The three lights the top of the its operating The buttons the right of the allow to the as with the the of these buttons. The buttons the allow to the information about the Chapter
the the Rear the This the from to right Chapter information about the the the and the the optional to the Chapter information. If the wire, the the operation to to the Rear Projection The front or the the of the from the as shown
the the and the Assign function to the Custom the or of the the of the and the or mount. such as bass, and the rotating or inverting and the the allow to the following: the brightness, sharpness, and of the
the Source, Prompt, Background, On, Custom To, Prompt The following shows the each of the Brightness, Contrast, Tracking, Red, Text (PC only), LC only) Brightness, Contrast, Sharpness, Color, Text To, Rear Down, You the or To top of the the the or the This the currently selected Other from the the of the Accessing the
If the the Function Select buttons to and the Function buttons to or or off. using the them. Turning off the the Accessing the To or or off, of the following: If the the trackball to Then the and to increase or or or off. with increasing and or checkboxes turn or off. when shown with To the Select the or operation To the the trackball or the Function buttons (operation To the the
the Accessing ELP You from To the ELP as Chapter You to the shown below. The buttons the To the Although the from those displayed the the the If the and reactivated the trackball. Press to off the trackball.
The the shown the following The ELP the the the The following sections the each that the and both Brightness and This allows to the brightness and of without affecting the other. You the when the selected as the the when the selected. To choose the the Restoring the You the back to the factory the which appears each and ELP the
the areas. Increase the light to light and to Decrease to the the lightest and of the the of light and this the or or artifacts. the graphics from the the the corrected Brightness and Brightness to to or the Increase bright-
the of the the of the the of the Text Normally to DOS software text screen than the the to the Tracking graphics If appear within Tracking to the the they Matches the internal clock to the
the the type of the NTSC, PAL, or SECAM. areas. Increase the light to light and to Decrease to the the lightest and of the the of light and Sharpness or within Increase sharpness and Decrease sharpness the Increase when and Decrease and Brightness or the Increase bright- to to
increase the to the the or To the Switches the of the the top and of the right, increase the to to the the the or right. To the to the (NTSC only) the to red. the Increase to selected, the the incoming If NTSC, PAL, or SECAM, the only the selected Normally should the
the Rear the right and of the the front Rear should off. the of the the from mount. each with its when of and white the To Selects the shown the when the to clear the Choose White, or of
and amplified If to the to the right to increase to the the the built-in Source (C), from the (V), or from the currently selected (CV, the If C or V, the switch the whether from the Increases or tones. Increases or high tones. or off. Increases or the Increase the sound the and the right. Decrease sound the right. Distributes sound the and right
the On Automatically the when turned On off. to The what shown when The options Black, or and the Chapter information. the If within the specified the Prompt Temporarily displays the to which or the This appears only when switch the
Temporarily displays the to which or the This appears when switch the The Custom allows to the Custom to immediately of the following four the the and the off the and the to white, or The of the the To Custom English and the the The choices
the
of to and commands. If to the the as the the or the and assign to of the buttons, through with the of If Macintosh, assign Apple and If wish, to button. to the ELP Remote first the Communication as Chapter his chapter the ELP Remote this the to software The trackball the and the to or or icons. Remote of the
Remote of the [MLBC] Right [MRBC] [MRBC] [MLBC] [MLBC] arrow Right [MRBC] Right arrow [MLBDG] [LEFT] [RIGHT] [MBDG] buttons the the the ELP Remote The buttons the Next, and and buttons. The and commands assigned to each template The ELP Remote with of Each software template active The following shows the assignments the template This template active the first the ELP Remote You the template or of the templates ELP Remote Templates
The ELP Remote to the to software If to buttons, the ELP Remote appears as the of the Although both ELP Remote and ELP the only active. If both ELP priority. Starting the ELP Remote the ELP double-clicking its Double-click the ELP Remote and then the ELP the ELP to the the This which the buttons the allows to the assignment and then the template with the The ELP Remote or the This section information that to both platforms. information to the ELP Remote platform, the which selecting the the following to the ELP Remote Then the ELP Remote the ELP double-clicking Starting the ELP Remote
Remote of the
Starting the ELP Remote the template active with the text that displays the assigned when Remote information. ELP Remote commands. ELP Record and off. of the that character and commands. the to non-character and commands. The following the the ELP Remote The that shown the right of the Function
Remote of the If PC, to include or to combinations, such as Ctrl S. information about You normally to the combinations created the options Mouse/Special of the type or The shown the text to the with (PC) or (Macintosh) non-character F1). On the Macintosh, non-character typed including Command, and You to choose these from the the top of the To the ELP Remote the to the of the to You then assign and commands. To assign command, the the top of the and the command. This (PC) or (Macintosh) the text to the command. To assign or to
To commands, the and (PC) or Mouse/Special to the to the text of the to the or to the the to assign to the or assign command. type the the text On the Macintosh, type non-character Command, and the text Instead, to these from the Mouse/Special the type and the ELP Remote displays the the text to the non-character the ELP Remote (PC) or (Macintosh) that the of or choose the To to the ELP Remote Turn Choose the Record the top of the If PC,
Remote of the the template the This the assignment active with the the Choose or the the ELP Remote of the COM1 To the COM2 choose COM2 the To to the and the connected the RS-232C as Chapter through each to Turn off Choose the Record or, PC, the On the assign combinations, such as Command O, while To the Mouse/Special each to to Command O, choose Command Mouse/Special then choose Mouse/Special then type the text (It to to choose from Mouse/Special On the PC, to combinations. the section.
Once assign to to the template to to the assignment with the You to template To the choose the Activating Template Activating Template To X, [[A]X]. To the [[A]X][ESC]. To [[C][A][DEL]]. To manually characters and A, B, C type the non-character the the To the the Each the the [C] or around the as as around each around The following of to the PC: PC and to that include the or such as Ctrl
Remote of the topics to the (PC only). the the COM1 or COM2 and the of the template commands only) the to to template or existing the template or or the easy to text the text of the currently selected The items this allow to and text and clear the of the currently selected button. The items this allow to the following: ELP Remote The the top of the these four
Whenever of the off the and first. You should the or appear the You to the which located the of the the which necessary to the and from overheating. You should the trackball the whenever that the trackball rotating smoothly to and that collected the trackball. The only should the and If other replacing, ELP-3300 or service
The which located the of the should cleaned hours of If cleaned become with and the from properly. This overheating and the Cleaning the To the first the cord. To or the casing with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the casing to Cleaning the To or the cloth with alcohol-based and the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with cloth.
Cleaning the flat-head screwdriver to and the cover. To the Turn off the and the from the Turn the easily the
You should the trackball and whenever that smoothly. Turn off both the and the Turn the that surrounds the trackball counterclockwise You to such to the Cleaning the Trackball the the to the If the to or the torn, ELP or EPSON to to The attached to the other of the cover. To the recommended that and other office If cloth.
the trackball back its and its clockwise Cleaning the Trackball to gently the trackball Pressing too the to of the trackball from its and it completely with cloth to and To and the cloth with alcohol-based cleaner.
EPSON or EPSON the United States) only type MSCR150E3H, Warning: Allow the to cool becomes enough to Turn off the and the from the You that or to The or the light flashes and the turned The light red. the The typically about hours of It to the when:
the the screws off the cover. screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the cover. You these screws. cover Turn the the cover.
the and the screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the You these screws. screws
the the turned off. the and buttons the and the while to the and buttons seconds the The three lights flashing, indicating that the the the to the as follows: the cover securely The off the cover Gently the lowering the screws the cover and the cover screws.
To the from the Then the Turn off the and the from both the back of the and the Turn the its back facing The located below the switch. the screwdriver or the Then the the to the only V, 6.3A.T. Follow these
the the cord. the and the back
If the section and follow that apply to If of the the ELP-3300 or the EPSON the U.S., BUY-EPSON. with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the this section or the with the this section the or correctly when the Troubleshooting his chapter what indicated the lights and information what to with the It the following
Troubleshooting The The and Flashing The from the Flashing There with the Flashing The Flashing The The too The off. The Flashing The cooling Flashing and The hours and should replaced. Flashing The light light light light with the If with the first the lights the top of the These lights the operation of the
The too Turn off the and cool. the back the light nothing the with the SSSSS The SSSSS The light flashing The Press the the or the The and to replaced. the switch and the securely connected both the outlet and the The become too and turned off automatically. the to cool turning back The blown. the as Chapter SSSSS The light the following:
Troubleshooting Turn off the and back the light If the or become as Chapter SSSSS The light flashing and the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service SSSSS The light The overheating and the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the
higher than and the the You to choose the group. choose the Apple and then Monitors; the choose and or another selected. A. You to existing created them software information. with the or Sound SSSSS of the displayed. The brightness correctly. the Brightness to the that the light and the cover off. the correctly to both the and as Chapter The Press the the or operation to the The selected. Press the the or operation to choose the other with the or Sound SSSSS appear the
Troubleshooting Turn the the to this the that the within the recommended to the of the the the to the and the the Brightness and the or If the the There or the Clean the as SSSSS The or of the or The detecting the from the that the securely attached to both the and If the with software. The when the and peripheral Turn off the and the shown Then turn everything back the SSSSS the displayed. The input selected correctly. Press the the or operation to the other
The selected. the the to the Also, that the Source the The might this the with the or Sound SSSSS There sound. The software text the displays text the Text the to the text to first that the the and that the securely attached to both the and the Press the the to the function SSSSS Text displayed correctly. The from properly attached. to that properly and securely attached to the both the and SSSSS The of the right. The incorrect. If the Red, and the If the and that the selected.
Troubleshooting The ELP Remote might than the Bring the ELP and the to which COM selected. There the the and the the front or back of the the path. If and the the and the to the directly to the the optional wire. Both the ELP and ELP both ELP priority. You to ELP to the ELP Remote First the RS-232C properly and securely as Chapter that the the and the ELP Remote The than from the or than to the of the to the and the directly front of with the Remote SSSSS You the buttons the to the or buttons
with the Remote SSSSS using the ELP Remote PC, the too or too fast. The ELP Remote and the with another. try the the ELP Remote If this the the SSSSS the trackball SSSSS Double-clicking The Press to the trackball. You double-clicking too and the to distinguish both clicks. Double-click slowly. The the properly or them or them necessary. light such as or causing interference. the from the light
Troubleshooting
to to Remote 1W 1W of Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches to inches to Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Mechanical Height inches inches inches ratio MSCR150E3H Typically hours 150W Aspect ratio Brightness
Operation: to to o to o to C) o C) o Humidity Operation: to RH, to RH, type V, 6.3A.T., VAC A, VAC A, VAC and VAC Rated
Technical Specifications IBM PC JEGA, CGA VGA, VESA, NEC, Apple and to The following the the type Supported The displays of To higher the to
input with GND GND GND ID GND ID Assignments The following the assignments the three of the LCD VGA and The assign- the VGA and LCD assignments The LCD Its assignments as follows: Assignments
Technical Specifications input input with input GND GND GND GND GND NC GND GND NC input input NC and VGA assignments The RGB, and the VGA RGB, The assignments both as follows:
the ELP Remote of and commands that assigned to the Pressing the the as the contained the type of that and synchronization information Contrast. of the tonal the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and with relatively of white and ELP Remote that allows to the to It allows to assign to the buttons. Brightness. The of light and
SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa. RS-232C. type of type of S-VHS It and separately. Saturation. of white with and bright the the of with and Record Remote which the non-character when the pressed. of the amount of tion measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of that as of red, and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase New Zealand, and of Africa.
power-saving which the the turned off. turned when the VGA. Graphics high-resolution that of The type of interface that wire. which the becomes when