About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following to the the below. Instructions/Support and Service This information the and includes warranty service, and troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the (this This information the operations, the troubleshooting and Notations this indications that the and correctly, the and the to to the or to others and the of to property. The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the information TIP Indicates buttons the or Indicates items. "Image"-"Color Indicates the of the of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the This information that, possibly death or to incorrect This information that, possibly or physical to incorrect Indicates procedures where or to the the correctly. Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
Checking the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. (with cover) Remote to the and to the CD-ROM Instructions/Support and Service
of of the and the the Connecting Sources.......................12 Operations Starting and Turning the and the expected projected.............................................15 Turning the off Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the aspect Advanced and brightness RGB Functions the of (EH-TW3500/TW2900).............................28 of (EH-TW4500/TW4400).............................30 Rear..............................................................8 Appearance...................................................9 the Remote the the the Projection Projection the of the Quality Further.............23 Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Preset Quality (Memory Function)......................................24 and Memory "Memory"
Troubleshooting Reading the the (warning) or flashing...............................................................41 operation..................42 Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the operating the relating to when with the Optional of Supported RGB) from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Specifications of the Quality Troubleshooting
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following If "Theatre", "Theatre Black or "Theatre Black selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. reproduction This with the this to the and the clearer, Sophisticated to the the and tones procedures to the to the offset and RGB and the and of RGBCMY to that match the Theatre Theatre Theatre
with function The function allows the of the to vertically and without the This allow the to with from or to the Advanced Advanced functions such as Iris" and "Sharpness (Advanced)" to With the Iris function the amount of light to match the to with and perspective. The Sharpness function to the to such as and clothing. of of the other that as follows. EPSON White to overexposure that that too bright. that both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory that allow to and easily the that to the that they or to from turning the and the with throw throw provided. only) of approximately of the
and Functions Top Turn the to the of the to the or right. cover this cover when the the outlet the which cools the of the the immediately projecting, or while becomes to the that the when top. with function the as the the to "Remote further these buttons. Top Source of input and switches to input Warning Flashes or lights to with the cover using the this to the to the from and Remote light- from the (top) below Turn the to the of the or below the from Remote light- from the
Remote Turns the on/off. Source buttons Switches the input to the input terminals indicated each of the the to their when while the Press to items and and the Memory loads, and memory RGBCMY the and brightness each RGBCMY the and clears the light-emitting and Functions of the the seconds that they to the previous when while the the While this to the item and to the the to the Aspect the aspect ratio to match the input Sharpness the sharpness. off and the temporarily. while the displayed, or while or the and appears.
and Functions Rear input to the of the input to of [HDMI1] input to HDMI or to [HDMI2] input to HDMI- or to input to the or of the This cooling the of the If collects the the the and with operation or of the The should cleaned Compatible with HDCP fixing the optional mount when the cover from [PC] input HDMI with outer connected to the input the of the to and To this the commercially-available through of the whichever to the RGB of the [RS-232C] to RS-232C to the from the This cover switch Press to the cover. the turned DC from this the turned off or with operation the becomes to the ON/OFF to Security switch the the optional cover
Appearance 5-M4 from of to fixing of of Units:mm
the the further from the the While to the below, the that the the the The should as the Shortest to to to to to The to the and when the the following locations. from the high location to the that the right front of shelf, positioning the of the the correction optically. the function should used. the of Projection to to to to to to to Projection Shortest to to to to to to to to Screen This the height from the of the to the of the It the Units: Highest to Lowest to to to to to to to Units: Highest to Lowest to to to to to to to Screen If the to the then the distorted.
Projection from directly front from the of the from from the the and that they TIP of when the from the mount). If correctly, causing and If the mount to the screws from or things such as or the the crack causing to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or the mount, to the screws from and or and the which or or where there or other Clean the least once every months. Clean the using the the its This malfunctions to You the EPSON around when the from the from the Projection of the plate pressed, the slightly, around and then back the
Connecting Sources (VHS VCR, DVD the connected. RCA (commercially- specially-shaped such the accessory or optional that with the to the The that should to to the the type of that the outputs. of of The of the to as follows, of [HDMI You should to the with the to what of the The TIP Turn the off both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or (commercially- (commercially- HDMI DVI-D HDMI (commercially- HDMI that conforms to the HDMI specifications. HDMI to DVI-D (commercially- (commercially-
the Remote the the and indications the cover. the and the that they correctly. If the of the or that the becoming If this the with or as batteries. other than or used. TIP the Remote within this At the of purchase, the the the the the battery cover while its the the the
Starting and Projection Turning the and the If there with though the and connected correctly, to TIP the cover. Turn the switch. If the "Direct On" to "On", the of the ON when the switch turned ON, without to the of the or the The with "Child function that children from turning the and the and function that mis-operations. of about the "High to "On". This with function that when input switched. If or with LCD connected to the to or function to the While holding the (the with such as the selection Computer's Turn the (Commercially- ON the while Turn the the connected of selection NEC SOTEC HP IBM LENOVO SONY DELL or OS, the selection
the expected If than connected, or the or the to the the the first, then the the Press the that the of the that the connected to. the of the from the input to the from the connected the TIP Turning the off Turn the off the that connected to the Press the or the The following displayed, or once the expected Turning the off the expected Turning the off Starting and the displayed. of the the to the input to The input switched when operations about three seconds with the input You to switch to the cool-down seconds) completed, flashing around the and then off the switch. or electricity the cover. If the from and the cover the cover the anywhere, the Operations
the Turn the to the Projection If the directly front of the the function to the of the vertically or within the shown right. While turning the the where heard currently about the of the The to the and the The shifted when shifted the amount. the shifted the amount, shifted to of the of the that the shifted from the Turn the to the of the the to the the amount. the 1/2V 1/2V 1/2H 1/2H upwards to the right to the
1/2H 1/2V the of the from the that the front to the You to the first such as and the without to If the pressed, the appears. To the the of the the Projection Operations
Quality Select Operations to Press to the selection. *If the Select disappears. If that or the aspect function such as or the of or infringing the author's right that protected copyright TIP Selecting the Selecting the Press and the from the the Selecting the aspect Selecting the aspect Press and the aspect from the or input to the [HDMI1], [HDMI2] or input the aspect "Normal" and input input recorded input Not input. Not with If the become Normal. to the HDMI1/HDMI2 using Normal
Theatre using bright Black such as matches or TV bright using It recommended that this when and Theatre the selected, the EPSON and the of the exactly. Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Black appear the and right of the HDTV the appear recorded or DVD software the as the the elongated Quality completely clear tone of that might professional creating software or the tone of that the of theatre. You from of the input to the HDMI1 and HDMI2 Theatre Black Theatre Black Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio the height as the projected, the top and of the from If this the of the from the top and reduced the that it the with and the truncated, the Caption to the height as the At this the ratio the of the become the and right of the This when there to the of the the appear to what they would their both of the the of the appears and of sporting Quality
Advanced You "Sharpness" or "Advanced" to the to The and "RGBCMY" the directly the the The the memory that them and apply them to the Differences the when and to this. (Projection temporarily such There of One to of the correction The other which with reference to the or The the input and its the when to Color". and The and each of the (red), C and when to Color". and brightness from the correction or (UP or DOWN) to the correction that the connected and from or and then or to the selection. the to the of the selected, the of become the lighter become oversaturated. This indicated the the selected, the bright of become This indicated the the
the tone of the to bluish, and the of the Brightness the of the from the or (UP or DOWN) to "Customized" from the that and then or to the selection. appear the or to the to the where to the brightness, and or to the selection. The selected and the of the brightness flash, and appear. or (UP or DOWN) to the and then or to the Press to back and or (UP or DOWN) to and the and then "Saturation" or "Brightness" and then or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the To another To the to their Press to the from the or (UP or DOWN) to "Customized" from the that and then or to the selection. appear. or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the where to the of the or (UP or DOWN) to the and then or to the Press to back and Advanced Quality
Advanced RGB The brightness the (red), and of the (offset) and bright when to Color". If would to appear clearly, the to the (right) If to the the whole become the become If bright to appear clearly, the to the If to the (right) that the becoming brighter and to white, the light become RGB Press and then "Advanced" "RGB" that and the selection. or (UP or DOWN) to and then or (LEFT or RIGHT) to the To the to their Press to the
Quality Further to to advanced sharpness and the amount of light from the to match the search of the Sharpness (Advanced) If "Thin the and the of clothing emphasized. If "Thick the the "Thin emphasized. Instead, the rough of the such as and background, emphasized, to the the sharpness the them to the This input of Iris Iris" the light from the to the of and higher and Tracking of the light to of to "Normal" or "High preference. when to Color." operation sound of Iris function while This of the Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Press and then "Sharpness". Select "Advanced" the top-right of the to the selection. or (UP or DOWN) to and or (LEFT or RIGHT) to You "Thin and "Thick the using the the top the To the to their Press to the the directly the sharpness ("Standard"/"Advanced") as selected using "Sharpness" of the Press and then Iris". Select "Normal" or "High to the selection. Press to the Quality
Quality (Memory Function) using of and the to the the then Memory). the easily, that with the Memory). and memory The that to memory as follows. to to memory. Memory" EH- TW4500/TW4400. Items Reduction Advanced Displayed input other than EH-TW4500/TW4400 EH-TW3500/TW2900 Quality Memory) and memory NR NR EPSON White HDMI Memory each of the to the to Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory to the to from Memory1 to and or the memory this that already to memory. already memory and or displayed. If the previous memory erased, and the Memory Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory
The selected when the memory displayed the right The aspect from memory to the they or the input TIP Memory This to and Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory to displayed. If the memory To Memory" the Memory (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) The ("Memory1" to "Memory10") You that its easy to Press and then Memory". The Memory" displayed. Preset Quality (Memory Function) Select the memory to and then or The selection displayed. To memory from the the and then or and to If to "Customized". "Customized", the following displayed. or to the and then or Once the and then or Memory Memory The selected or memory displayed the memory to that the this, the the Memory" and Memory" Quality
Functions The to of and and input The following of items the while the Top the operation to the the section. The to the and of the Color" TIP the Press Press or Selecting item or to then of the items the the This the of the while the Navigation
or to If when item with to selected, the selection that item displayed. To to items such as "Brightness" which the to the while the displayed. If the while displayed, the This the If once the displayed TIP Press or to then Functions
Functions of (EH-TW3500/TW2900) input, the and the Also, the items displayed the the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Displayed input other than This the Theatre,Theatre Black 1,Theatre Black Brightness Sharpness Tone Advanced Normal, ECO Iris Normal, High Displayed input other than Aspect Normal, Caption Tracking Motion Detection On, Advanced when input through the HDMI1/HDMI2 input Thin Thick Advanced RGB RGBCMY input appear when from the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input input) Reduction On, EPSON White HDMI Normal, Expanded Customized from the from the R, G, R, G, C (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness) On,
Direct On On, Child On, On, On, High On, Projection Rear, Rear/Ceiling On, NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM input displayed input displayed input Hours Info Source Scan Refresh Rate Info The "Info" to the the of HDMI This information about that the This to when Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory1 to Memory10 The text yellow when to the from 0H to 10H displayed as 0H. From 10H onwards, the of 1H. Position Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right On, Background On, Info Functions Memory
Functions of (EH-TW4500/TW4400) input, the and the Also, the items displayed the the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Displayed input other than This the Theatre,Theatre Black 1,Theatre Black Brightness Sharpness Advanced Normal, ECO Iris Normal, High Displayed input other than Aspect Normal, Caption Tracking Normal, High The Interpolation" the input The the input On, Advanced when input through the HDMI1/HDMI2 input Thin Thick Advanced RGB RGBCMY input appear when from the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input input) Reduction On, NR NR EPSON White HDMI Normal, Expanded The "HDMI the input and/or of from the from the R, G, R, G, (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness) C On, On,
Direct On On, Child On, On, On, High On, Projection Rear, Rear/Ceiling On, NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM input displayed input Only input Info Source Scan Refresh Rate Info The "Info" to the the of HDMI This information about that occurred the This to when Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory Memory1 to Memory10 Memory Memory1 to Memory10 The text yellow when to the from 0H to 10H displayed as 0H. From 10H onwards, the of 1H. Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right On, Background On, Info Functions Memory Hours
Functions selected the to match the or the Brightness when to Color".) this when the of the connected and that when to Color".) the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. when to Color".) This the intensity the when to Color".) This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. The to the Advanced This to when to Color".) This the tints of the If higher appear bluish, and appear The to of within the of 5000K to 10000K. when to Color".) This the tones of people who appear the If higher tone increased, and tone increased. Advanced when to Color".) This You or while or RGB This the offset and each of the R/G/B The each and type. The each and Displayed input other than
RGBCMY This the and brightness each of the R/G/B/C/M/Y (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) This the based its of the three to the selected, the becomes higher. (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) This and rough the appearance. Select of the three to the selected, the becomes This the to of to "ECO" the too bright when or the "ECO" the and reduced. Iris when to Color.") Tracking of the light to of to "Normal" or "High If to light This the to their Aspect Selects the aspect This only when "Aspect" to This function the to reduced the that the top and of that from when The the (reduction the the and displayed the Caption This only when "Aspect" to This function the of the or to when with The each and type. The each and The each Functions Displayed input other than
Functions Tracking This the appear the This the or interference appear the and when the brightness, and sharpness obtained the first and then the when input from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input of the clipped, the vertically and that the projected. Press and to the (EH-TW3500/TW2900 only) (This when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input to using the :This when with amount of :This graphics, and input (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) when pull-down" to "On". this when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input to using the :This :This this the and appears the graphics, and input Motion Detection (EH-TW3500/TW2900 only) (This only when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Select whether the fast-moving or slow-moving The the the the The the the the (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) when pull-down" to "On". to the "Normal" or "High" The and previous compared, and the the of them interpolated to reduce and to The of to "Normal" or "High" as Displayed input other than input appear when from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input input) The each and type.
(EH-TW3500/TW2900 only) (This when input to the or [HDMI1], [HDMI2] input input pull-down or pull-down Selecting "On" the pull-down. (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) (This only when or input to the [HDMI1] or [HDMI2] input or when NTSC, M-PAL or PAL60 input to the or input You whether with the pull-down or the The the input to "On", with to the smooth when other than input. This to or off to whether the to their when the input The three items and Advanced when to Color.") Reduction This reduces of Three Select the to when the such as DVD, interference. NR (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) This reduces the which around the of when MPEG Three Select Block NR (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) to "ON" to reduce which when MPEG which (This when NTSC input from the input or when input from the input If products such as South that this function to the of the connected when this EPSON White only when "Theatre", "Theatre Black or "Theatre Black and or input.) If bright white of such as and T-shirts the beach appear and overexposed, to "On". to "On", the "HDMI Displayed input other than input appear when from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input input) The each and type. Functions
Functions when or input.) This the (the of If to the top and the of the affected interference the such to the Displayed when the from [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input input. This to or the input (Not displayed when the DVI connected to the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input HDMI (EH-TW3500/TW2900 only) only when "EPSON White" however, when to Color.") the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input of the connected to DVD the of the to the of the DVD The the DVD Normal or Expand. HDMI (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) when "EPSON White" however, when to Color.") the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input of the connected to DVD this to allows the to and the of the input If this to and blackout/whiteout the of the to match that of the DVD The the DVD Normal or Expand. that the DVI connected to the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input displayed. the the "Aspect to their Direct On the switch turned to (On) without or to "On" with the switch that of electricity that when the back the to The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If selected, the power-saving function If while the The each and type. Displayed input other than
Child This the function of the the that the and the the applied, the about seconds. to off the and the to as If the the the turned off and the cool- "Child to "On", that turning the switch when "Direct On" to "On". If this to "On", can't the buttons and appears the when pressed. To and the about seconds or If the the exiting the This the function and off to whether the on/off and with to If the the the off and the cool- High of as to internal using of about to "On". This should with the to the when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from If the light from or becomes bothersome while or the turn this to Press and to the the to displayed. Color Selects the the 1:Black This whether the following displays appear (On) or appear aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the internal Functions
Functions Background selecting the when the function or when input. This whether the (the that when (On) or If the the the turned off and the cool- the with the that to the or [S- input If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. this the type of that from the that connected to the input If selected, If appear though selected, the This the and the to their the "High "Projection", and
"Memory" Memory This previously Memory". This selected when nothing Memory". Memory This to Memory This to memory. Memory (EH-TW4500/TW4400 only) This to the of the from "Memory1" to "Memory10". You that its easy to Either of the following to memory Select memory from the and then Select "Customized" and then Functions
Functions This to their and the and the of "Memory" to their executed. Memory This that the Memory". Clear the operating and to "0H". this when the
Reading the The its the (the and the around the and (the light and flash, and lights and flashes to the The following what the and to the that they If switched off, that the connected correctly and that the switch the (warning) or flashing Flashing the Clean the using of about the "High to "On". High (overheating) The switch off and approximately the cooling off the switch the of the High-speed cooling You the the switch off automatically. the and then the If the If the or the the Disconnect the from the Then or the the and Service If the the replaced, using the and the from the Then or the the and Service If the of or and the Clean the they (operation) (warning) warning/problem If the when the turned back using the off the switch, and the from the Then or the the and Service Troubleshooting
operation, the off. Flashing It to the the with as as If to the without the the blowout. If Warm-up Warm-up approximately seconds. off operations while Projection Normal Cool-down seconds) Remote and while cool-down Once cool-down the to stand-by If the switch the of the turned off while cool-down the cooled sufficiently (approximately required), and then the switch back
the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear Projection the completely the completely displayed Moving played displayed. The "Not Supported" The or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. when with the The relating to appear the Press the or the the switch Turn the switch the of the off? of the Disconnect the and then switched off? the to supplied. active? Press the to the function. input? that the the connected turned If the to "On", relating to the displayed. or of the displayed. right The whole appears or white, appear and LCD reproduction performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear Projection Troubleshooting
the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the of the correctly? the and connected while their already turned connected Moving the to both externally and to the LCD when from or with built-in LCD The "Not Supported" If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the the match the and of the when If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected If the while the turned the function that switches the to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back to and LCD displayed to of the the to externally. title such as or "Connecting If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected the to the input, and the of Supported Displays" to that the "Info" of Displays"
The displayed that of the securely the correctly? connected. Press or the input selected? the or the to the Turn the the the the connected If the to the LCD the to the to the when the externally, they appear the LCD title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD or of the the correctly? the cover. the cover attached? The recommended from the to the the the within to of and to of the that the within this If the from to the or the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the turn the off and the to Interference or appear If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. If the while the turned the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back If the to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected Troubleshooting
If used, interference increase. used? amplifier. the and "Tracking correctly? when the that the that the selected? with this of Displays" when or Press to the aspect that to the input the aspect selected? If with using the Caption to the the the to the the correctly? If the activated the connected the of the the displayed the To the whole of the the off the when the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when right If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the that of the securely the connected connected. correctly? the to the the correctly? the "Advanced" to the "Advanced" appropriately? The function that the to projected. of the obtained such the "Tracking" and commands to the "Tracking", If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected
the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the intensity and correctly? the and tint. Saturation", "Tint" when from appear the "Brightness" commands to the the brightness "Brightness" correctly? the command to the the "Contrast" correctly? the nearly the the become and the become this the should with Projection to On, the off active? input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to turn the back To the to when turn Press the or the the If the "Child command to "On", the "Child to "On"? about seconds or the to the "Child If the to "On", to "On"? buttons the Press the the and then of the switched off? the to supplied. the off and when the touched? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the the and Service Troubleshooting
with the The the light- facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the the too from the sunlight or strong light from the light- the or the correctly? the the light-receiving the location where light the light-receiving while that they correctly.
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning the If the becomes with and the "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the displayed, the If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the It recommended that the about once every three month. If the location, the should cleaned The or cleaning, with and the gently. If too the and the cover. Press the to release the catches, and then the upward. the the four or with the facing to off the the the other and to off the the otherwise become or and used. containing to or which to such as the or of the the the becomes the and fire. of
to from the of the the the cover. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the the cloth with containing amount of and then firmly wring the cloth it to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the To the to blower purchased the alternatively with spectacle-cleaning cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to as easily become with the faced to the right.
If the or the though the cleaned. with optional the The the appears the when The or to The warning to appear of about hours of to the brightness and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready or the the TIP displayed.
the of properly with PP PP, PET TIP the If the and to replaced, there the that the already If the of which to the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the operating The operating the with The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. Press or to off the and then the switch OFF. Press or to off the and then the switch OFF. the cools Securely the the cover. fixing screws. Press to Press to the the the cover. Press the to release the catches, and then the cover upward. the screwdriver of the the cover switch, then the cover.
the the the cover. the fixing the screws. the and the securely. The the or the cover correctly. This includes that mercury Please regulations or recycling. of with Select from the straight. Select and then with the faced to the right. the that the
Optional Accessories/Consumables The following optional purchase This of optional as of: of to without country of purchase. Optional ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to Mount ELPMB20 ELPMB22 (with when the to mm/white) ELPFP07 mm/white) ELPFP13 mm/white) ELPFP14 when the to high or with ELPCC02B Cover (White) ELPCC01W to cover of the that from to the appearance. of to the from the Please the of purchase to this Unit ELPLP49 screwdriver) as ELPAF21 as
of Supported The slightly the Aspect SDTV HDTV Aspect TV(NTSC TV(PAL SECAM Normal Normal Aspect Units: Aspect Units:
of RGB) Aspect VGA VESA72/75/85, SVGA XGA WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" the VGA It to which the that from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Aspect VGA SDTV HDTV the VGA It to which the that Normal Normal Units: Units:
Specifications Product EH-TW4500/TW4400 EH-TW3500/TW2900 (W) (H) (D) including inch TFT active (W) (H) clock: to Scanning vertically, UHE W, ELPLP49 (light to 240V AC to 240V AC supply to 1.5A to 1.4A to to +35C to +60C RCA input You HDMI or DVI-D the the This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. Product Information Conformity with the EEE Regulation. 297W 282W to 120V 284W 269W to 240V PC input HDMI input* HDMI HDCP with CEC input RCA input DIN RS-232C DNX TM ICs this to to 0.2W 0.4W EEE
Specifications of If the higher than the and RS-232C Connector input RS-232C <At <At <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND earth RD TD TD RD TD RD
responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to or reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA EPSON of Product: LCD H336C/H337C Specifications
Following of of the this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect The ratio and its HDTV aspect of and appear elongated. The aspect which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and chroma or The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled become through It when the the or the to off the off the switch while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the useful of the or with the operation of the The about seconds to cool The the HDMI High Definition Interface, and to of high-definition and HDMI that household and that allows to transmitted their high without and includes function. HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or Screen aspect of reception and playback (or of whereby the that when with the broadcast. NTSC National and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South PAL Phase Alternation and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV. SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa.
Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which contained the TV The from the and the The which contained the high-definition TV (HDTV The from the and the