the Interactive Unit the ELPMB27 You and this with that mounted or from This to mount the Interactive Unit when the mounted using the mount (ELPMB27). from the with the This Interactive Unit (ELPPT04). Interactive Unit ELPIU03 the M4 with washer and washer to the Interactive Unit. Included Items the USB cover, and then the USB Interactive AAA Software Interactive Function CD M4 wrench USB M4 head with washer and washer M3 cross-head screw Interactive Unit the USB cover, and then the M3 cross-head screw. attaching the Interactive Unit to the the ELPMB27 mount. the with ELPMB27, and to CD-ROM (this the Interactive Unit other as necessary. the of the USB then the interface cover and covers. Next, to the ELPMB27 and the ELPMB27 cover, the to the should technicians only mounting Warning: Follow the below to this Incomplete or incorrect the to and or property
the Interactive Unit the ELPMB27 You and this with that mounted or from This to mount the Interactive Unit when the mounted the mount (ELPMB27). from the with the This Interactive Unit plate (ELPPT04). Interactive Unit ELPIU03 the M4 with washer and washer to the Interactive Unit. Included Items the USB cover, and then the USB Interactive AAA Software Interactive Function CD M4 wrench USB M4 head with washer and washer M3 cross-head screw Interactive Unit the USB cover, and then the M3 cross-head screw. attaching the Interactive Unit to the the ELPMB27 mount. the with ELPMB27, and to CD-ROM (this the Interactive Unit other as necessary. Next, to the ELPMB27 and the ELPMB27 cover, the then the interface cover and covers. the of the USB to the should technicians using mounting Warning: Follow the below to this or incorrect the to and or property
Click the Click the OS OS Interactive the Applications and then the from the then (Normal) (Advanced) the and then or the CD Software Interactive Function" Ready to the Interactive Unit the Interactive Turn the (Normal) or (Advanced) OK when the displayed. Click the of the with the of the The The the right. ashing the of Follow the instructions to the software. to the the the and then the batteries. the Interactive of the the displayed the the of the then the reaches the right-hand of the To the cover, the hear other product(s). If this the other of the this with from the Interactive Unit and the correctly. the Interactive Unit and the while the If there You to to match the of the Interactive to the of the the the VGA to the USB the of the Projection the Interactive Unit's USB to the to information, the the CD-ROM included with this as the Interactive to the software You interactive whiteboard software, or Interactive from the software with the Interactive Unit, Printed Copyright Corporation rights the the of the Interactive the Select (or Interactive the Interactive
(Normal) (Advanced) the and then or the from the then Interactive the Applications and then OS OS Click the Click the the CD Software Interactive Function" Ready to the Interactive Unit the Interactive Turn the ashing the of The The displayed the right. the of the with the of the OK when the displayed. Click (Normal) or (Advanced) Follow the on-screen instructions to the software. to the the cover pressing the and then the batteries. the Interactive the of the then the reaches the right-hand of the the displayed the of the To the cover, the cover hear the Interactive Unit and the while the If there the Interactive Unit and the correctly. this with from other product(s). If this the other product(s) of the You to to match the of the Interactive to the of the the the VGA to the USB the of the Projection Screen the Interactive Unit's USB to the to Copyright Corporation rights Printed software with the Interactive Unit, Interactive from the You interactive whiteboard software, or to the software as the Interactive the CD-ROM included with this information, the the the of the Interactive the Select (or Interactive the Interactive