Foot release foot cover USB RS-232 AC Computer2/ and related Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT), active of LCD inch (XGA, Brightness (ANSI) high Remote Remote Ethernet Security and related and related Rear foot and related ratio to inches to to Projection rear, front mount), and sound aspect ratio ratio or high correction only); Projection UHE High Efficiency) About hours (when Brightness to High and about hours (when Brightness to V13H010L31 Remote AA Supports USB Height retracted inches Rated to AC supply to VAC, to VAC, with Network OFF with Network ON to F to C)
to RH, United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL1950 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC EN EN Compatible You of the following VCR, DVD or The and RGB and the (HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The these international Refresh NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV Compatible You the to of computers, including and Apple Macintosh, computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. Although the of from VGA through UXGA. to F to C) to RH, To from the refresh thats with the the following the should to match the Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 SVGA120 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 XGA100 XGA120 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA1100 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 UXGA65 UXGA70 UXGA75 UXGA80 UXGA85 MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 The resized
Positioning the Follow these the and from the increases with the of the and other to to to from within of or and of or Allow around and the To that the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the with the of the If the too below the to the front foot This the to its the If the manually the buttons or using Corner If the higher than the of the the the and Projection the below to the when know the from to or to from the to the of the the both and apply only when the If the the foot or correction, To the of inches) when know the To the inches) when know the of the Connecting the You the to or four to of four You include sound each the instructions.) The the easily switch to the of The following the and its VGA RGB VGA-to-BNC DVI DVI to VGA RCA to VGA RGB VGA that the of input If connecting to of these to that the input selected or properly. Sound Through the You sound through the or To sound through the of the following that with
If or connected to of the Computer/Component to the and the other to the If or connected to the or to the and the other to the with or To the the back of the You to with and the other, or to purchase or the information. the as If connected to the the as wireless the USB that with the to the USB The wireless function with USB or XP, OS to or OS or the information. with with Starting the If or the the selects the connected If the first or connected, to switch to the manually Selecting the Source below). Turning On the the the seconds the light flashing and Press the top of the or the If the and the switch the of the turned The light flashes as and to appear about seconds. the light flashing and the ready Warning: the when the This If connected Windows-based to the New that found plug-and-play Selecting the Source If connected to the the Source the or the to switch from to another: You the Source Search the or the to the connected automatically.
The Source buttons. the Computer/Component to switch connected to the the to switch connected to the and The Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each (The You to the as below. The Computer/Component to input connected to of these to the to match the You the input the Sources the function to the when connected to the Press the the You the currently selected displayed the as shown below. Other (including the currently selected appear the right and of the If connected to or there the that appears displayed as the Currently selected DVI BNC Press the Source the to switch to the the to the without switching surrounds the the currently selected You the the to and then to What To If You If or with the turning or try the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the cover off. restarting Press the Source top of the or the (Allow seconds the to the If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or
If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Click the or the selected. If with OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound Click the Click top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt the following: Click the necessary. Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the Once to You the the or the to and the and as as the Wall to and of the to as the Focusing and the the or to the Select
the buttons the or to reduce or the Press the the or the top the to increase the or the the or the to If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the the to of the the Height of If the too the the front foot: the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height turning the the the to or manually the as the section. foot the Shape the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, of these If the the top, or right, it the buttons the or the the section). If the its Corner You both correction and Corner the Correction To when the following: the of the the four buttons. Press the whose the of the of the with the of the correction correction Corner correction
The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the to the aspect Press the the the and From the and H/V and then and Select or H- and the the to the as Corner If the Corner. Follow these Press the the (or the Select the and If already using To and Corner instead, to From the and Select Corner and You this buttons Press the to the to the the (or the arrow buttons the to the If with the corrections the to the to its and as to corners. the the or to the If Corner selected the the Corner appears whenever the buttons. You then follow through to the of or to Corner. Correcting If connected to and the right, the the You this to The only with
This the and If appear the and the the the the while the Tracking or the Tracking If the appears or and the the the while the or the the finished the follow the to This the of the and protects the from overheating. You the to off the and when This electricity, the and the of the To the If the the cord. To off the Turn off the To off the the the or You (If to the off, other Press the The the turned off, and the light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. To the the light flashing. Then the If the front foot, the foot release to the and the cord. Turn the off when 24-hour-a-day reduce the life. If using its ON/OFF switch to OFF
the Direct On Function The Direct On function and easy and This ceiling-mounted switch connected to the the to or off. or table-top the immediately without to to cool Then the and Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct ON and Highlight On and Press or to the The from to feet and from or below and or right of the receiver. If the to the and the switch its turned The might the too from the light too bright, type of light or other (such as heater). Remote Functions Function of Advances to the or slideshow. the or off. the of the You from and each or A/V off and and displays the or background. Press to and back fits the action. Press to action. the buttons the or the when the connected to with the Activates the To the to the Selects highlighted option or functions as the when the of the when the Functions as the right when the of the on-screen the on-screen Turn Source Switch to the connected to the buttons Press Search to from connected connected Preset Selects selection of options Wall the or other Focuses the the Automatically the the Increases or the sound. the (Press this lights.) ID the ID
the Functions Function the or off. the the Source Automatically from Search connected the Focuses the the on-screen Computer/ Switches the connected to the Computer/Component Switches the connected to the or the on-screen Pressing while displays the to option when the or active. Tracking manually that buttons the Tracking as arrow to the and that the as buttons arrow to the on-screen and Press and to the Tracking and buttons. A/V off and and displays the or user background. Press to and back fits the Corrects that keystone-shaped or while the these function as and Tracking buttons; Increases or the sound. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the to clean the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the Cleaning the and Clean the and every hours of If they cleaned they become with This overheating and the To V13H134A07. Follow these Turn off the the light to flashing, then the cord. To the and other office If clean the with (such as paintbrush).
If the to or the as the section. or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please SM the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to should the It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the light flashes To and quality, the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt or the United States V13H010L31. please Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. WARNING: the cool It immediately the that the and should to injury. the cool least hour The immediately Turn the and the the and of the the They should Turn the back the screw holding the cover to Then the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and the straight these screws
Gently the (If easily, facing the right Once the its screws and the cover, then the cover screw. (The the the as below. the the to the the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow the to highlight then You this Select Hours and You this Select and finished, or to Transporting the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the optional from incurred
Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L31 V13H134A07 ATA hardshell ELPKS35 Samsonite wheeled ELPKS52 mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down ELPAP01 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 V12H162020 High V12H064020 You purchase these from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Related CPD-18223 CPD-18224 ELPMB36 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 SM