EMP-S1
of Indicates the that people or the these Indicates related information or information and things should The "this and "this which appear this to the with the and other optional products. Indicates related topics and which information. terminology P.63
The high and high achieves bright Clear, and to The the of the to which connected operations easily the included of as follows: Ease of P.27 selected to the type of "Selecting P.27 The around the the included function (wireless The easy to carry. Compact and lightweight
and Functions the P.5 P.9 from the the P.23 Another foot located the and retracting the front Press both buttons when right foot P.24 when the to the from becoming or cover when carrying the this to Another front foot located the and to the right front foot P.24
the and Functions correction P.25 P.32 P.20 P.31 or the Press to P.23 Flashes or lights to the operating of the P.20, P.43 the and off. [Source] P.26 and Switches the input the Computer/ each the pressed. the previous the function. or when P.34 P.33 Flashes or lights to to with the Warning P.44 to the or item or when
the and Functions Rear This the to P.9 P.14 to A/V the from and Computer/Component P.13, P.18 from other P.18 the when P.20 to the P.18 P.9 the security P.64 alternately, the or A/V or to the and switch. RCA P.14, P.19 from the and should the customer. the to RS-232C This (RS-232C) P.66
the and Functions mount fixing the optional mount when the from the this cover when the the cover P.57 from the the and other the also. P.55, P.60 when carrying the this to
the and off. P.20 Theatre, and each the the of Selects the The pressed. P.27 [Computer]: Switches to the input Switches the input to the and the to the Computer/Component of the without the the of the that the of the buttons P.30 [Source] P.26 item or to the or when the previous or when the function. P.34 P.33 the aspect ratio of from to [Aspect] P.29 to their when this to to "OFF". P.27 Selects items and P.32 buttons the P.31 the or the P.28 or the Momentarily off the and [A/V P.28
the Remote The the back of the horizontally, the the Remote the the the the Remote the the please the the the the C the clicks receiver, to the If sunlight or lighting hits the the
Projection and to the Instructions World-Wide Warranty installation. of the that right to (cm/ft.) of to of from the of least the and the or *The of when reduce the with the The should as the (The
the Other Rear installation. "Optional Accessories" The optional mount when the from Please to this as P.61 using rear or from "Projection" P.38 the the
to the to when the Turn off the both the and the connecting, to: the types. switched incorrect Connecting to Press and the the function or PC with in-built the Condition that the such to that of the "Supported Condition The and of the with in-built and Please to as RGB or CRT further P.67 Compatible NEC SONY IBM the PC, the when the section the Instructions World-Wide Warranty instructions to proceed. If please the the"International Warranty Conditions" of appear to that found. Follow the It the projected. to further output the "Mirroring" the You to purchase the If the and too from each other the to reach, the optional of the to the VGA-HD15 PC "Optional Accessories" P.61 with the further
the Connecting to whether the of 5BNC or Projecting from To (commerically To using workstations. Please with the of workstation. the and together. type of Interference or Select "Computer" the P.35 To (accessory) 5BNC To To VGA-HD15 BNC PC (optional) To
the Connecting to The input the displayed Connecting to You sound from through the in-built sound from RCA displayed to correction, and To and alternately, If commercially-available 2RCA (L/ R) that as the or switch. To 2RCA To Press or the P.38 You the from the
the Connecting to to the of This screenshots from the Macintosh. the You the Remote as wireless to the the Remote the accessory Remote to the USB of the the and The New Hardware" displayed. "Next" to proceed. Remote (accessory) To USB the the insulation Click "Next". with the of used.) XP OS or Compatible to The connected to the function to used. to with USB interface. further
the Connecting to Click "Next" to the which displayed. C the "Next". Click Click the to "Specify location" and type "C:\WINDOWS". Click "Next" (The Remote the and the Follow the The instructions to the installation. The of the You to location to search the OS Click to the search that location.
the Connecting to using the or A/V the the of the the Remote the Remote and Functions To the the right, of the following Press these buttons to back and forth Down] buttons through when Acts as left-click. [L Click] the or the Acts as right-click. [R Click] The item when [L Click] released. To and the [L Click] and the with the and Momentarily off the and [A/V the [L Click] click: shorter horizontally, vertically If the the the operation of the reversed.
(DVD, S-VHS, to the to when the Turn off the both the and the connecting, the types. switched incorrect Connecting to To To Projecting (DVD, (optional) From (DVD, VHS, AV To the the to match the from the to or P.35 To Computer/ To
the Connecting to sound from RGB To To AV (red/white) To Computer/ (accessory) To RGB using and If commercially-available 2RCA (L/ R) that as the or switch. Press or the the the to "Computer". P.35 RGB or P.38 You the with the
the The lights Turn off the of the and the to. Turning the Turn the of the If connected to playback. "Connecting to Computer" P.12 "Connecting to P.18 the the cover. using or PC with in-built the P.12 C the to the
Turning the The and the supply to Press the button. the lights It about seconds.
the lights and the Cool-down It about seconds. Turn off the to the Turning off the Press the button. the while the or this the the the the from the displayed. the cover. The screen other than the pressed, or nothing seconds. C Press the The to
Turn the to the the from the to the "Projection and Press the or the The of the basically the to the increase the reduces the P.10 the the of to If the the the If the the If the of the dirty, or as of to the correctly. If this or the "Cleaning the P.54 If would to the further, the further from the The function of the The P.30
Operation the the front of the while the buttons both the front the that right to the from the The height turning the of the front from of Press the front buttons both and the to to its If to the that right to instead.
the corrected without when the to of the right to the the of This corrected. below You only with this function. corrected. Press the or buttons. If the become appearance correction the sharpness Quality" Screen when correction "Sharpness") P.35
Remote without to the input however when connected to connected, or the input Selecting the Source Computer/ The input switches and whenever the [Computer] pressed, as shown The items selected the command the displayed. P.35 The input each [Source] pressed. If or connected, to the the when necessary. The input switches and whenever the [S- pressed, as shown
selection to the which There Selecting Functions Projection The analysed and the following to the quality. Tracking Advanced and fresher to brightness. Brightness emphasized. bright their tones. Theatre You to off the (The ON) P.35 Conforms to the If the connected both the and the to Brightness emphasized. bright to off, the the to The each Theatre the the input Other input: operation, or when displayed, the If the or and Quality" "Tracking", the Tracking and manually P.35 You the the P.35
Advanced Operation Functions Enhancing the Temporarily the and sound. A/V Press the the The Press the [A/V the The sound and to played back Pressing the clears the to to the where activated. To the or the button. The A/V to or "Background Color") P.38 The when the [A/V or the activated while the sound and to played back the to to the where A/V activated.
Advanced Functions Projection or projected. which when and or This function the Aspect ratio of from to recorded or Projecting aspect Press the [Aspect] the to the as follows:
Advanced Functions Enhancing Projection C Press to the Press to reduce the The or reduced. of the without the of the of the that You with the buttons. the the Press to ratio Press the the the to the of the to Press the to the reduce.
and within the Sharpness Sharpness Quality Brightness Quality Tracking only) Background Source Info Refresh Rate Hours Info Source Info
Advanced Press the or buttons to the Top Press the operation The top displayed. Top
Advanced the or buttons to the the C Press the (b)Press the or buttons to the Then the displayed. Press the to the selection. Item currently selected. Item currently Press the or to the items, then the items which or to The the or buttons the then the button.
Advanced the or buttons to the Then, the the buttons to the Press the to to the previous item or or other items the Press the to finish.
Advanced The the to the type of which input. input, the and Function appears when
Advanced Conforms to the If the connected both the Corrects the of the The each type of Brightness emphasized. bright Select from the type of and fresher to brightness. Brightness emphasized. bright their tones. and to or Theatre: Function the of the Brightness Quality the of the the when appear the the sharpness of the Sharpness only) Tracking
Advanced Operation and when the brightness, sharpness or correction the when or interference the obtained the the Function Quality Press the and from the which displayed. Higher and tones. and tones. bright from to bluish the only) only) ON: the input switched to the the OFF: disabled. to its only) only when or NTSC input) the of the only) the type of connected to the Computer/Component HDTV DVD Computer: only) the within the to their Select to such as and sound, to their Press the and the which displayed. P.42
Advanced If the become appearance correction the The when correction Corrects the sharpness Function Press the and the the which displayed. the vertically and displayed, as The displayed and reversed. The reversed. The displayed reversed. Rear/Ceiling Rear Projection
Advanced to "OFF", such as and the of the selected input or displayed. Warning such as the to displayed. Function noticeable when the input Selects the of the input. whether or the "EPSON" displayed the background to or Background the the and Projection and the Projection when the the or the the when operation cooling (The lights the option when input. Press the and the from the which displayed. Selects the which on-screen displayed. the within the to their Press the and the which displayed.
Advanced Info the operating From to hours, 0H displayed. the the of the reaches about 1900hours, warning red. hourly Function appear when the input or the input only) the input projected. Source the input only) the only) appear when the input or the refresh only) Refresh Rate
Advanced Operation the that with and to EPSON Service please the information this information. only) Info Function
Advanced the operating this command selected, the operating to the Function Select to the the items that Press the and the which displayed. and items the to their
There the which of the the You Troubleshooting Warning P.20 Cause/Remedy Condition The should disconnected when the this Press the to (Not If the the supply flashing P.22 P.20 (Not You the the cool-down Press the cool- The cool-down about seconds. Cool-down finished. (Not Please P.20 Warming about seconds. the to steady Warming-up Please
Troubleshooting You Not operating flashing Warning P.10 P.55 Cause/Remedy Condition The off and about without operating the the and outlet clear and that the the back the to its Press the about passed, the and the following: the or the to back If the dirty, should cleaned. High internal (overheating) P.57 that the and cover securely If the or cover securely the from the the and that If the If the please or the the "International Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty (You to the the and the the or the to back the replaced). the switch P.10 P.55 the which and the and outlet clear. (This the too high automatically.) High-speed cooling Clean the Stop using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty
Troubleshooting You If with the please to the section If follow the and to the please using the the If which this please or the the from the outlet and repairs from or the "International Warranty "International Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Conditions" the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the the
Troubleshooting You of the displayed P.50 the appear (Nothing displayed) P.46 The off the pressed) P.53 tinted or tinted red/purple P.51 The P.53 sound heard P.52 P.52 interference P.49 appear displayed P.47 appear P.47 appear (Nothing displayed) appear the P.49 of P.48 The lights this operations the or the P.38 or the switched off and the cool-down the the turned off and then straight back P.35 the brightness correctly? Quality" "Brightness") displayed, including completely the completely "Turning the P.20 the button? P.42 of the "A/V P.28 A/V activated? to the the option to "ON" the input. information. P.38 input?
Troubleshooting You the and of the to the with from the "Supported P.67 of the output the which to the from the appear appear displayed "Not supported" using or PC with in-built the selected the "Connecting to Computer" P.12 "Connecting to P.18 the connected properly? selected. the the [Computer] or Press the [Source] the the input the button. "Selecting the Source" P.26 the input properly selected? P.12 "Turning the P.20 the the connected or switched
Troubleshooting You Suspect Quality" Quality" manually their respective If the to If the correctly the "OFF", the the to these P.35 P.38 and the function, the correctly? the Tracking and of or connected, the the input the or connected, the the the the correct? of of The The whole of the The the within this P.10 the the from the P.10 the right to the the to appear the the which to approximately hour If the of the and this the off the and the to If the from to the If the too the of vertically. the front that the too the the P.24 "Cleaning the P.54 the dirty? "Turning the P.20 the cover the P.23 the correctly
Troubleshooting You the tracking the Quality" P.35 the Tracking appear the interference or connected, the the input the or connected, the the using the the correct? manually their respective If the to If the correctly the and the function, the "OFF", the the to these Quality" P.35 correctly? the Tracking and this to further the that the that with the selected? If using interference the Confirm that using shielded used? "Supported P.67 "Connecting to Computer" P.12, "Connecting to P.18 the connected correctly?
Troubleshooting You the that the the whole of the or the to only. or with LCD the the of the displayed connected the about the off the to of the the To the whole of the the the further If activated the of the the Press the [Aspect] to the aspect ratio to "Projecting aspect P.29 the aspect ratio correctly? "Selecting the Source" P.26 the to correctly the P.38 the correctly? this Please to further the that the that output with "Supported P.67 the selected? Press the the to "E- P.30 the function to the
Troubleshooting You or as the appear red/purplish. Please the the the If connected and "Computer" as the the appear If connected and the correct? tinted or tinted red/purple the and the become the when this the P.57 the P.35 P.35 P.35 Quality" the correctly? the correctly? Quality" "Connecting to Computer" P.12 "Connecting to P.18 the connected correctly? P.35 P.35 the and Quality" "Saturation", "Tint") correctly? the brightness correctly? Quality" "Brightness") exactly match those displayed the or LCD this and the of to
Troubleshooting You the and the become the when this the P.57 the P.35 P.35 the brightness correctly? Quality" "Brightness") the correctly? Quality" Press the [A/V the to A/V The A/V A/V activated? "A/V P.28 sound heard sound from P.14 sound from P.19 the connected correctly? P.38 the turned to the
Troubleshooting You the Remote P.9 the sunlight or strong light from receiver? The The operating the approximately the too from the and vertically. The operating the approximately P.9 P.9 facing the the the the Remote P.56 the correctly? the the Remote P.9 the the installed? This that the the turned off. The switch off when the from the The the pressed, the cool-down this, the to steady and then the from the Cool-down about seconds. The cooling The off the pressed)
commercially-available blower, or cleaning to Cleaning the the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty proceeding. You should clean the it becomes or the to Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the Cleaning the easily the with or the to shocks. containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the If the the cloth with this, the another with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off.
Appendices the to the If the becomes with overheating and Cleaning the from the the If the to or should with the please the the replaced.
Appendices Press the clicks. C the (Remote Remote battery: CR2025 lithium the Please of with regulations. from to the of If child the battery, immediately. While the catch of the the the the of the the to the and the that the the
Appendices the with or cool-down finished the to cool enough. further If the yourself, the cover. It further hour the the cooled sufficiently to of the It to the when the Warning flashes It to the when the appears the hand of the the of and seconds. the and the to Turn off the and the cool-down to seconds) hour) The appear about hours of purchased this displayed, please the as The to the displayed. It recommended that operating the ready this as the cover the and the cover. upwards.
First the and then the the cover. clicks C the fixing screws holding the the should when the replaced. the securely. If the cover the New included with The the or the cover off as The the to the correctly. operating The mercury. of properly with regulations. P.57 Press the clicks then the fixing the screws.
Appendices C the buttons to then the Therefore, the counter to from the displayed when the operating reaches The built-in counter which track of the operating and the to the operating the with the operating Please the operating when the displayed correctly. The operating Turn the and the Select from the the buttons.
First the and then the the cover. clicks the when the the mounted to Turn off the the cool-down to then the Cool-down about seconds. the the and the to of properly with the and the Please there the and the C the with
The following optional purchase This of optional as of of to without Optional to the with the Remote ELPST11 Optional and ELPST09 as included) ELPAF03 as ELPLP29 which easily. aspect ELPSC06 type aspect screen ELPSC07 to the to VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 ELPSC10 ELPSC08 these the too VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 when the to with 5BNC VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC11 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to ELPKC19 to the to ELPKC27
Optional when the to mount* ELPMB18 when the to high or with ELPFP04 when OHP and ELPDC02 ELPDC04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 ELPFC03 of to the from the Please this
cooling If cool-down interrupted, heat from the the The to cool that or the to turn the off. shortening the of the and causing when the the from the whilst Cool-down terms this or the of the further please reference Normal which whereas which and which aspect ratio of The aspect ratio The ratio and its height. Aspect ratio The of which light. the high, to bluish when the to type of to input 5BNC scanning Interlaced reception and playback (or High-Definition to high which the of or or aspect ratio of following HDTV and information separated, of three and and TV (HDTV), to which to high- type of which the which displayed from to scanning, whereby numbered and right and then from top to This of numbered displayed alternately, Interlaced scanning. Interlaced scanning and the within the SECAM) which the and information together. consists of the The (NTSC, PAL, The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics or appear this property of of whereby the from from top to to
Appendices which type of with of IBM computers. SVGA The light-emitting of the The of refresh operations to refresh the light- and this reason, the the "refresh and Refresh Rate and the match. "synchronisation". If the (the relative of the and troughs the The of the phases of these the The from and interference synchronised, such as (Synchronisation) and information separated, to It to which of and C type of which the This function to that that they the than or than the whole of the and the match. the (the of the The from If tracking correctly, appear the The of matching the of these Tracking the High-Definition It to which Definition SDTV consisting of with through to the with the Security that commercially-available theft-prevention to or This Security which type of with of IBM computers. VGA The of and recording them software as with the to their that which operating (OS) and the international that easily which type of with of IBM computers. XGA
The the from the and the (NTSC) TV The The from the and The contained the high-definition TV (HDTV) the
Function grounding GND input type: RS-232C Connector type: Format ready DTR TD RD ready DSR <Computer> (PC <Computer>
Supported Refresh Rate ratio Aspect (D4) Aspect ratio Refresh Rate VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA (D3) XGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" It to which the with such ratio Aspect TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) Aspect ratio Refresh Rate SDTV HDTV SDTV the VGA HDTV
LCD EMP-S1H Product 370(W) 106(H) including Specifications IEC60950 Edition, The Directive (73/23/EEC) Community (200-240VAC) CSA C22.2 (100-120VAC) UL1950 Edition USA (100-120VAC) SVGA (800(W) Polysilicon TFT active inches IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, Community (200-240VAC) The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 EN55022, Class IEC61000-4-5, EN55024, FCC 47CFR Class (100-120VAC) USA (100-120VAC) ICES-003 Class EMC -10C to +60C (14-140F) +5C to +35C (41-95F) UHE 130W, (light 100-240VAC 2.3-1.0A supply 1W CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997, Class Australia/New (200-240VAC) RCA 2(L,R) DIN RCA Computer/Component (RS-232C) 15pin(female)black Connectors DNX ICs this
3-M4 of of Appearance from of to mount