Projection Functions and Troubleshooting Others
to that the following items included the when the and from the items found to 2AA with the (three-cell batteries) Cord RCA (Yellow) RCA USB PS/2 (Red/White) (this Accessory USB MOUSE PS/2 MOUSE
IIII clear Clarity clear bright areas, of high-resolution EMP-7600 EMP-5600 Compact and light it easy carrying around. Approximately DVI-D* that with DVI-D input This connected to
IIII this displays of displays this and the to that the correctly and to to and other and to to property. Explanations these displays below. that they reading this that death or Warning that or to property Includes and Reference: Indicates reference to the terminology of the termsthis and this this The terms this and this appear this and these cover the with the and other optional products. The and screen apply to when the this
IIII and the following to of the If of the following switch off the immediately, the from the and or The of or such as to or sound emitted. or the of the the or the of operations these the of fire or shocks. Repairs should attempted the The to the should other than service The of the high-voltage that the outbreak of fire, or other other than that displayed. The of other than that specified the outbreak of fire or shocks. the specifications of the Cord. The Cord with the conforms to the of the country of purchase. If the to other location, the and of the country and purchase that conforms to that countrys specifications. Cord. to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. that the following strictly to the Cord. anything heavy the Cord. or the that the heaters. or the becomes Precautions Warning Other than those specified
the when the switched light that sight households with when and to these instructions the outbreak of fire or shocks. the following when and too to or to which or other adhered. that the and as as they to or with the Cord when and that the or The includes such as the and If of these should them with to and then or and repairs. or that top of the If the and the the outbreak of fire or shocks. or or or other the and outlets the to this the outbreak of fire or the or the battery-operated locations with such as vehicles with closed to sunlight, or the outlets of and heaters. to this heat-distortion that the of the and the of fire or shocks. or the to this through shreds the Warning Precautions
the or heavy to this becoming or causing the such as or to this becoming or causing or the within the reach of to this becoming or causing injury. the or locations, or tions where would to or such as or to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the suction or outlets. to this the of high the leading to the outbreak of fire. the the following locations. areas, such as or bookcases. On top of or cover the with cloth or other Also, that least of the and the that the from the when to used. to this the outbreak of fire. that the switched off, the from the and other disconnected when the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. Precautions
to the immediately the used. the to cool sufficiently leaving least sixty the supply switched off. to this burns or other of the to the and leading to the outbreak of fire, and the following to of batteries, or together with batteries. that specified the instruction If should from the battery, the with cloth and then the accordingly. the immediately when the arrives. the when the to of apply heat to the or them or that the with the polarity and If that from the off immediately with of with the regulations each that the and nected from their when to this Confirmation
the of the (+5C to 40C) and the leading to to the the of the (-10C to 60C) of the to the sunlight of the with the cover The heat the the cover to become The with high-accuracy and than active that there of of and that constantly Precautions
This section and and the items that should operating the IIII and Operations Foot Foot Remote this and Operations
I/O Theft-protection Remote Screw holding the cover and Operations
Rear Foot Rear Foot (suction This to when the with optional Operation Switches the supply and off. [Computer] Switches and or RGB Switches the and and the the when the of or This functions as the and when the or text displayed. that currently the to the when this and text the of Press this when A/V Tracking Tracking and Operations
[Tracking] the necessary when appear the and right when this and text [A/V Temporarily the and sound. Projection when this once or when the or when the displayed. when the Switches the and the when Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the when with the the when the the item and the the when the or displayed. (Switches the input to when I/O the Switch Switches the to or DVI-D the switch with the of or other pointed to the #1-DVI-D the the sound from the or the A/V connected to the The with the sound connected from the the tor Connected to the when the to as wireless and Operations Remote (RS-232C)
(RS-232C) Connected with (RS-232C) the when the optional software to with the optional (ELPST04). the A/V the from A/V and connected to the the and the Computer2/Component the A/V the computer's) the A/V and the RGB and Operations
Remote Remote light-receiving the when the The light or the switch off. Temporarily the Press this once to the [A/V Temporarily the and sound. Projection this once or the and reduces the the sub-screen when Press the to this [Effect] the allocated function. Press the to this (Light)] The approximately seconds. Switches the supply to the and off. [R/C ON OFF] switch Switches the and off. The operations when this switch [ON]. the item when pressed, and then the to the items when or right. This function operates as the when projected. The when this or right. and Operations A/V R/C ON OFF
the function used. to the when the or text displayed. This function operates as right-hand the when projected. of the and the [Comp1] Switches to the from Switches to the DVI-D when the switch to (right-hand Switches and the [P P] the within the or the as sub-screen. This function this once the the of Press this when [Comp2/YCbCr] Switches the from the Computer2/Component Switches the and the when projected. Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the input Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset and Operations
Rear Battery Cover and Operations
of Remote Operations the and from the light there where the function. that the within the Approximately to the and right that the [R/C ON OFF] switch [ON] when the the the light-receiving There where the of the when reflected off the type of sunlight or light the light If the function or malfunctions, there that the this the accordingly. the optional (ELPST04) to of or Rear Light-emitting the Approximately and and Approximately and Operations Approximately to the and right
the Remote The with the following that of the type used. the Battery Apply to the holding the Battery and then upwards. the that the correctly with the and the the cover. Apply to the cover it clicks three-cell (LR6). The should approximately once every three months when thirty and Operations
This section of installation, and the tion and IIII Procedure the and to the the the front of the or the (suction the of the There where or the the when the to this. the location where to the flow from or heaters. the to that there least of the and the cover the with cloths or other The locations that to the and from the front from the front with the optional and the to [ON]. Procedure
from the rear. the to [ON]. with the of the optional and the that the from the to the The and the about the of the the following reference the that the than the 30-inch to to 40-inch to to 60-inch to to 80-inch to to 100-inch to to 200-inch to to 300-inch to to of the EMP-7600 EMP-5600 The the when the If optional to used, to the instruction further The become when the correction function used. Procedure from the EMP-7600 EMP-5600 Screen of the from the
The the of the and right-angle to the from the from the top or Although the with the front foot there where the with the correction function. A:B Procedure
This section connecting the to and IIII Connecting the to Switch off the to the and to the There with which established and that though established. of to that established with the Conditions Condition The with to that the with that such as the [RGB the and the If this, to chapter the instruction There computers, such as combined and that allow or which optional output purchased. the there when to switch the with the and the NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with restarting the The shown products. to the instruction further Condition The and of the within the boundaries the chart the the the and shown the chart the (there where Confirm the and with the instruction There that allow the to this the to within the shown the chart the Connecting the to
the of the EMP-7600 Refresh Rate PC98 VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VGA Text VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM SDTV HDTV (720P)16:9 HDTV Used On) Used Connecting the to
the of EMP-5600 Refresh Rate PC98 VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VGA Text VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM SDTV HDTV (720P)16:9 HDTV Connecting the to Used On) Used
the of the Computer1 Switch off the supply to the and to the nection. to this Confirm the of the and the of the the tion. force when the or of the and and to the the to the the with the supplied. the switch to the with the of or other pointed the the with the Connecting the to
the the 5BNC the and the together. to this and malfunctions. when the the of the to the instruction further There where the optional (ELPAP01) when to It to establish with both the and the when to connected. the The connected to the with the of the when the connecting the to station. The connected to the with the the the switch to the with the of or other Connecting the to Computer (optional ELPKC11) the
the of the Computer2/Component the to the with the supplied, or with optional (ELPKC02, ELPKC09, ELPKC10). the Computer2 the to [RGB] when establishing the to both and when to connected. (supplied, or optional) Remote (RS-232C) with the first with the Connecting the to
the of DVI-D* to the without displays and mounted the the Computers to the DVI-D with the optional (ELPKC20/21). the switch to the (right-hand with the of or other There where the to switch the to the DVI-D. to the instruction the further If to connected the to the Connecting the to DVI-D (optional)
Sound The with built-in of outputing of 3W, and to sound from the Connecting the to the to the with the supplied. Connecting the to the to the (RCA with the RCA the The with and the sound the selected output with the RCA the Connecting the to
Connecting It to sound the the to PA active or other with built-in amplifiers. the The sound externally when the the Sound from the when this The sound the Purchase that matches with the the to used. Connecting the to the
Connecting the (wireless function) This the to operated with the the as wireless the to the with the of to to PC/AT PS/2 PS/2 (supplied) DOS/V USB USB (supplied) the USB mounted USB the of the supported. Operations connected to the used. There where the to to the tion the further Switch off the to the and the It to the with to or ADB tosh. USB USB (supplied) to the and the with the Connecting the to
the following operations the established: Press the Right Press the the button. Remote The operations the left/right of the with the The when the displayed, when the Effect, or functions or when the displayed The of the Connecting the to [ENTER] [ENTER] A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF Remote
IIII Connecting the Switch off the supply to the and to to the the of the to the with the RCA the with the RCA (red/white) to output sound from the To the (white) To the (red) the of the to the with the the the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the (red) the RCA with the To the RCA with the (White) To the (yellow) RCA (White) Connecting the (Red) (Red)
the of the to the with optional (ELPKC19). the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the (red) the Computer2 the to or as the input used, when the established. Connecting the To the R-Y To the To the B-Y (optional) RCA with the Computer2/Component (White) (Red)
the of the the to the with the optional (ELPKC22). the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the (red) the Computer2 the to or as the input used, when the established. with Supports to the D4 To the The (optional) RCA with the Computer2/Component Connecting the (White) (Red)
the of RGB the Computer2/Component to the with the the the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the (red) Purchase the RGB to match the the Computer2 the to [RGB] when the established. Connecting the (Red) To the To the To the RBG the RCA with the Computer2/Component (White)
This section and and the tions IIII completed. Preparations directly the once the supply switched to this the light eyesight. that the Cord used. The of other than the the outbreak of fire or shocks. with the attached. to this the cover becoming to heat. the to and the the Cord to the to the of the and Connector, the the and then as as Cord Warning Connector Projection
the the The Commencing Press the to turn the supply. The to and started. The from to steadily while. operations when the A/V Tracking Tracking input) played when input. the this displayed.) A/V the R/C ON OFF switch to [ON] first of when the A/V R/C ON OFF A/V
Select the to which the when than item of connected. Press the connected to the or to switch the input Connected [Computer] whenever pressed) Computer2/ Computer2 (RGB) (RGB) Computer2/ whenever pressed) Computer2/ Computer2 whenever pressed) there physical the switch to the immediately power-off there input or the connected The that switched with the [Computer] and the and the [Comp2/YCbCr] the only the Computer2 (RGB) Computer2 or the Computer2 the Computer2 A/V Tracking Tracking to Select the top right-hand of Unit the Comp1 [Comp1] Computer1 [Comp2/ Computer2 Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Projection
Switch the supply to the or If the nected then the [Playback] or buttons. The and If displayed, the once the there when to switch the with the or the establishing the tion. NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with restarting the The shown products. to the instruction further Press the when that DVD players or input. The and whenever the switch pressed. There where of Projection
IIII through the following Turn off the connected Press the to that the to switched off displayed. Press the once The extinguished, the Operation and the cool- The from to once the cool-down completed. The amount of the approximately seconds the Press the to switched off. The seconds (the It to the as than the as with operations when the this please attained. A/V Tracking Tracking OFF? Please to off. A/V Tracking Tracking A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
cooling that the operation the from the the from the when the to this to the and the the the R/C ON OFF switch to [OFF] when the The when the [R/C ON OFF] switch the [ON]. that the [R/C ON OFF] switch the to [OFF] when the Foot Steady the hand, and then the Foot with and the Unit. the cover. A/V A/V R/C ON OFF Foot
IIII the The the following the of the the Foot with and the front of the The Foot from the Foot and then of the the of the Foot to the height. There where the when foot the with the correction function The Foot the Foot with and lowering the higher the Projection Foot
IIII the Projection It to the of the and function to the and function the to the to of The when the the Projection
the when the with foot Press the to the The corrected The corrected It to the correction function (through as as the of the within of to of and of and The the as shown below with the of the with The reduced when correction The of the correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. correction from the A/V Tracking Tracking A/V Tracking Tracking the Projection
IIII Quality and the of the the to the It to the the or with this the accordingly. the of the to (EMP-7600) or the to (EMP-5600). the (when Automatically the to the The items include the Tracking, and Press the the (the the If initiated when the A/V or tions the function the type of the there when correctly. this the Tracking and Quality A/V Tracking Tracking Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr
Tracking (when when the Press the [Tracking the Synchronization (when when flashing, and the Press the the Calling (when It to and them when required. Press the the The and whenever this pressed. There when these the from the flashing and There where flashing and caused the and synchronization the tracking tracking and synchronization input the such as when The A/V Tracking Tracking A/V Tracking Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Quality
IIII Introduction of Functions The that operated pressing buttons when below. Function Reference the of when A/V Temporarily the and A/V A/V sound. the the of the the to the [1]-[5](Effect) sub-screen to the Preset tion Automatically the Tracking that appear Tracking the Synchronization flashing, and that appears the the the Introduction of Functions Unit Remote Con- Unit
This section the effective and such as tions, with this IIII Functions Function The of when sections and below when Press the The displayed. Select the Press the the the and the to the Functions A/V Tracking Tracking HELP the the sound selection(Language) If follow the instructions to the unsuccessfully, the from the and with :Select Comp1 Comp2/BNC Functions
the the item the the (the the the operations procedures and to and the items. to [Troubleshooting] this the text The the Functions A/V Tracking Tracking HELP appear the The The The displayed the off/too The of the correct. The too The :Select A/V R/C ON OFF
IIII Projection Cutting It to temporarily and and sound. A/V Function Temporarily and sound. Press the [A/V button. The and sound A/V when the [A/V when the or when the displayed. the three of selected when and sound. Black The the user and to the Function Temporarily the however, the sound muted. Press the The Press the once to this A/V Tracking Tracking A/V A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF Cutting
IIII Switching The and switched when switched aspect ratio of and Press the The switch. the of Projected the There where the and the Projected with the reduced or expanded that the fits the of the the input than the the of the input than the (EMP-7600: the of EMP-5600: the of The switched the of the the as the (EMP-7600 EMP-5600 of the displayed the than the of the the the to through the displayed. the and right displayed when SXGA displayed. Press the while the the to right full-screen and centered. Switching A/V Tracking Tracking Comp1 Preset Comp2/YCbCr
the of Switching and recorded with and DVD IIII function) It to selected of without Press the The displayed the right-hand to the to reduced or with and of of the when the the to the and this ingly. when the function used. A/V R/C ON OFF function) The displayed.
IIII Function The [Effect] to The tion the Cursor/Stamp the Press the the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. the the to the of the The the location of the when the the pressed. The function and the when the pressed. The when the pressed. The when the function the Press the the the the to the to the Press the to the Function
the the to the to the Press the to the The when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the of the this The when the function Spotlight spotlight of the Press the the switch three spotlight whenever the pressed. the to the spotlight. The function and the spotlight when the pressed. The when the function Function
the Press the the to the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. Press the to the The function and the when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function Canceling Press the the The and other Effect Function
IIII Function The or as sub-screen the or Press the [P P] instructions displayed the and the sub-screen the top right-hand of the Press the the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to the of the sub-screen. Press the the to switch to sub-screen sound. Press the the to to the main-screen sound the sound switched. Press the to the sub-screen The the The sub-screen when the The or only) displayed the and the displayed the sub-screen, and the the sub-screen with the Switch the and sound of the to fixing the sub-screen's The sub-screen switched If the of the the the sub-screen displayed the sub-screen previously. The sound switched when the Computer2 or as the input shared both the and the sub-screen or Function
This section the and operations. IIII The when sound from the Press the while the the when sound input. when sound to and A/V Tracking Tracking Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
IIII The the and to items The top and and of hierarchy Also, the with the input (connected items Computer (DVI-D) Effect Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input items when input. Top Advanced About :Select Brightness Sharpness Normal Select Preset Select Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal Preset Select Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Select Brightness Sharpness Normal Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Select
Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Information Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select The as 0H and hours, and of hour hours. Sound Prompt A/V BNC OFF Black ON OFF Black RGB ON OFF Select [English] ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select The information displays the of the input Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor ON Source Negative On SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
IIII Operations The operated from both the and the Press the The top displayed. Select the Press the the the or the to the the selected Press the the (the the to the selected The selected. Then the Press the the the or the to the The items displayed the and information with the input A/V Tracking Tracking RGB Rear Effect Advanced About Select [English] ON OFF Select ON OFF ON OFF Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Operations
Select the Press the [Tracking the the or right the to the attached to the of the item that the and the Press the to this selection, and then the to the of further information the function of each of the other items the Press the The Press the to to the the hierarchy. The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input when input. Operations RGB Rear Select [English] ON OFF Select ON OFF ON OFF
items Top Function the and right. Press the to the the displayed. Tracking that appear the the and that appears the and as of the and It to the of the the synchronization the Brightness the brightness of the the of the the of the the of the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of the with clear Normal: without correction. with tint. the input the input Press the and the from the input selection displayed. Preset It to the input (input tion Brightness, Sharpness, Press the and the which to from the tion displayed. The the of the that the this The the the Normal Operations
Top Function the Press the and the from the selection displayed. The the the the PAL to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. to and sound to the Sound the the of the high tones. the of the tones. sound to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Effect Cursor/Stamp the and of the allocated to the the Press the and the item to displayed from the The and to the selected and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. the and of the and of the allocated to the the Press the and the item from the The the function. Spotlight the of the spotlight allocated to the the Press the and the item from the spotlight The the spotlight function. Operations to Color:
Top Function Effect the and of the allocated to the the Press the and the item from the The and selected each of the and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. Cursor Selects the of Cursor. L: to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the which appear The screen reduced when correction The of the correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. the input the functions sub-screen. The function the the The and other The and Prompt whether to the input the or ON A/V the when the [A/V pressed. and they Computer2 the the input to the Computer2/Component RGB when the input RGB when the input when the input to Black RGB Operations
Top Function the function when input. this [ON], and the the input and operations of thirty (the Press the to to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Press the and follow the instructions played the The amount of to to the or the connected to the while this to this The that The when projected. the with which to displayed. nced Press the and the from the selection displayed. the the switched The and the of the the RGB: the of the RGB (red, and Press the to the the R, and items, and then the the to the Operations ON EPSONS English ON 7500K
Top Function Rear [ON] to OFF nced from the rear. The inverted. [ON] to when from the The inverted from to right and and The optional to the from the advanced to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Infor- items the to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. the function from each to the and sound to the each The and BNC to the the the replaced. The and information displayed with the input and other than that to the input The information displays the of the input projected. the OFF Operations
the currently displayed as the the that to as the Press the and The displayed. Select and then the the (the the The to displayed. the of the with the and [Tracking buttons the the and then the the (the the The displayed. Operations Advanced About the as :Select
Select and then the the (the the The displayed. Select the and then the the (the the The to displayed. Select and then the the (the the The the completed] displayed. amount of the process. the or connected while to this The that The the input :Select the :Select the If the :Select this Operations
This section and the of of them. IIII Troubleshooting think first of the the The with and to the Recovery or Reference Stand-by (Not Projection when the pressed. Cool-down (Not The acount of the to cool (cooling the the The the This once the cool-down completed, the once then. Projection (Not Troubleshooting Troubleshooting A/V
Recovery or Reference Warm-up (Not The and become once the completed. Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. Extinguished The The switched switched the the supply to the Recovery and Reference with (ELPLP12). If the to and to repairs. that the and cover attached the The with that the from switched the and cover securely to the with (ELPLP12). Extinguished (Not The switched or Troubleshooting
Recovery and Reference internal (overheating) Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. High-temperature (This the cooling operating the increases further.) the within the of and the and that the and outlet Extinguished (Not The switched or to the section the the following the appear the covered the Troubleshooting the within the of and the well-ventilated and that the and outlet Clean the Clean the
IIII the to each item the following the The sound The The The The The The Nothing Nothing the the switched off and then immediately? The finished the cooling The the cooling cooling operations: the completed. the ON? the [ON], the extinguished operations and input of thirty the the brightness of the correctly the the [A/V the the input completely There where input become completely to input? displayed the OFF. this to or to the to the items when the displayed. the
[Not Supported] displayed the the of the from the higher than the (EMP-7600: EMP-5600: to that the the of the from the to the instruction to to the and of the from the the connected correctly? the input selected the Press the [Computer] or buttons the ([Comp1], [Comp2/YCbCr] the to switch the the supply to the connected or switched from the connected or and type to the externally because they to the LCD the switched to There which to the LCD when externally.
The The areas. the correctly? the increased the There where the to the too the The and (EMP-7600)/1.1, and (EMP-5600). the within this the the light right the the the of the when the brought from and this to the this switch the off and the to while. the Tracking and The the and buttons the while the the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of Select the with [Advanced] There where the input the the
The appears the the connected correctly? the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the and The the and buttons the while the the the There where the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of Select the with Format]. There where the input the the [Computer2] to [RGB]. to or input RGB to [RGB].
The The The The There that the correctly selected. Press the the with the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the note-type and type computers. Either the that the the or the that only the brightness correctly the connected correctly? the correctly the correctly the and correctly (The the or the match with the of the this abnormality.) to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with input, the [Computer2] to or input the
The sound the it to the The the that to the the to the near, the appear and the this the with the correctly the correctly the sound input connected correctly? the which sound selected? sound from connected Confirm the sound from connected the turned right the to the the [A/V function There that the [A/V Press the [A/V the or the to the [A/V the sound to Sound from the connected to the
The A/V R/C ON OFF the pressed) OFF If abnormality the of the inspections, the from the and with the [R/C ON OFF] switch the the the The of the to the and right, and and the the and the too The of the approximately the and the the the light-receiving the the light-receiving to sunlight, light or other light the mounted the the mounted back to front? the The that the Operation extinguished when the switched off. The extinguished when the disconnected from the The operations. The cool-down (to allow the to cool the operation the switch off the The when this completed, the from the this *The amount of the cool-down the the
This section of the items and other procedures. IIII Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the it becomes or the of the Please the about hours of operation. other than the high-voltage the that shocks. or to internal inspections, repairs, cleaning and other when the and Connector. the outbreak of fire and shocks. the following when the or that become or to them. that the and the as as they to and with to the immediately to this burns or other Turn off the and allow the to cool least first. Disconnect the and Connector from their when carrying to this shocks. Switch off the supply and the Cord to cleaning of the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning
Cleaning the the of the with cloth. the the with cloth with medium-strenth cleaning with and then with cloth. thinner or other active to this or from the Cleaning the Clean the with the and cleaning The of the easily and anything other than Cleaning the and the internal of the the becomes with and and this that the its and the cleaned with to the and from If to the from the or to crack, to this with the the the as the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the
IIII the Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surrounding the that the its when the to the and from the the catch to the of with regulations community. the
IIII the the the following ELPLP12). displayed thirty seconds the of the the brightness and below the the when light the as as the displayed to the brightness and The hours of to the and Although the of there where the characteristics of each and other lighting this hours this reason, from OA Inc. from freedial or purchase them from If the should the shards to and or to repairs. The A/V Warning the
Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to the surround- the cover the cooled sufficiently. It least the to cool sufficiently. the screw fixing the with the screwdriver with the the right-hand of the cover slightly forwards to release the to the and then the cover. the the screws holding the and then the the the as as and then with the screws. the when the cover The of force the the
Attaching the cover. First the the of the cover, and then the right. the cover and with the screw. the and cover firmly. The reinstated the and cover with the the the as the that the with the following the with the Press the or seconds. The the the displayed. Select Press the [Tracking the the the and Press the the or the the to the process. A/V Tracking Tracking :Select ON the ON Comp1 Comp2/BNC the
This section optional items and service as as specifications, terminology and other technical information. IIII Optional The following optional purchase with MAC ELPAP01 Soft Carrying ELPKS10 ELPDC01 ELPKS25 (XGA) ELPDC02 ELPAW01 ELPDC03 Throw ELPAL01 ELPKC02 Plate ELPFC01 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 Plate ELPFC03 VGA-HD15 ELPKC10 ELPFP01 VGA-HD15/BNC PC ELPKC11 ELPFP02 VGA-13W3/BNC WS ELPKC12 ELPFP03 VGA-BNC/BNC WS ELPKC13 ELPFP04 VGA-EVC WS ELPKC14 ELPFP05 VGA-EVC/BNC WS ELPKC15 ELPFP06 ELPKC18 ELPSC06 ELPKC19 ELPSC07 I/F (DVI-D/DVI-D ELPKC20 ELPSC08 I/F (DVI-D/DFP ELPKC21 Remote ELPST02 HDTV HD15/D ELPKC22 Remote ELPST04 HDTV 3BNC/D ELPKC23 ELPSW06 ELPKC24 ELPLP12 Optional Others
IIII Transportation The and that the following to the from the to the repairs, the which the the of purchase. If the the shock-proof to and then strong repeatedely the the optional (ELPKS25) and clearly that the and then It recommended that the With attached to the carrying the optional (ELPKS25). Carry the as that the warranty cover to the caused the when the Transportation
IIII Terminology This section the terminology within the items which and other A/V Temporarily the and sound the The sound and muted the [A/V the Press the [A/V once or the or the to the DVI-D The input that conforms to the DVI to transmitted). tion and tracking The that the broadcasts within Remote with this SVGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and SXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Sync(synchronization) The clearly this with the of the tor. the known as synchronization. Projected to and VGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and XGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and USB This interface paritively to the UXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and The of the that light. when the high, and when the through three as Red-Bright (R-Y), Bright (Y) and Blue-Bright (B-Y). This the (the red, and and their to clearly. The software to the Cool-down cooling to the supply switched off and the extinguished. The cooling to when the entinguished, and operations This known as the cooling The amount of the cooling with the surrounding
strengthening or the tone of the to acters and clearly and tint. This known as to the of with the of to increase brightness. Theft-protection theft-proof the through the the to to or These the Security Inc. Tracking The clearly this with the of the tor. the known as to and Terminology
IIII Specifications Product EMP-7600/EMP-5600 Height the and 1.3-inch Corner-to-corner TFT 12-phase writing EMP-7600: Count EMP-5600: (approximately (light UHE ELPLP12 rated 200W 3W 3W Sound AC100-240V approximately 285W, 9W power-saving to +40(with to +60(with Approximately DVI-D (switch) Specificationss Computer2/Component RCA (L, R) DIN RCA DIN Remote RS-232C
IIII Sheet of the and the items to with the of the that occurred with The supply switched Nothing displayed the NO SIGNAL The input The to the back) (the displayed) property) LCD Refresh MAC EWS DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The or too which nothing The than the The The clear The or focused. displayed characters The or the or too The or The or The TV and CRT the Connector firmly? Specially Switching The ON Information ON SYNC polarity SYNC Negative Negative Refresh Information ON AUTO NTSC Others EMP month the of the and the of and Connector it firmly? Computer1(D-Sub15 Computer2 DVI-D firmly? switch when
Sound sound heard The too The sound sound MAC EWS the sound DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The displayed Sound Connector firmly? the sound when to Sound input firmly? RCA A/V Specially Switching EMP Purchasing month input Computer1 Computer2 when
IIII World-Wide Warranty Terms This includes warranty, which allows the to repaired than forty-five countries of the that covered the terms of warranty stated the of warranty the warranty when the purchased each country. The warranty the the following countries: Greece Ireland United <North America and United States of America <South Chile and South Thailand The warranty to the following and 1)The warranty when the together with the warranty or of purchase issued the country of purchase. 2)The warranty implemented based the warranty and established or service countries the instruction The of warranty months from the of purchase. The warranty cover the of and with the within the of the warranty. The with the of as basic 3)The warranty apply the following a.Defects or optional the owing to or the instruction c.When repairs or third other than or service through the of optional or tured or otherwise authorized The with the to the supply of the country of purchase. the overseas, that specifically that country purchased. of the warranty This of as of Access the information. If the www.epson.com. World-Wide Warranty Terms
<EUROPE> AUSTRIA EPSON Austria Address: BELGIUM EPSON Address: BULGARIA PROSOFT AI BG-1113 Sofia CROATIA HR-10000 Address: CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 World-Wide Warranty FINLAND geographical excluded) FRANCE EPSON F-92300 Address: GERMANY EPSON D-40549 Address: GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. H-2040 IRELAND ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO- LUXEMBURG EPSON Address: MACEDONIA NETHERLANDS EPSON Address: NORWAY POLAND FOR EVER PL- PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. Address:
DENMARK ITALY EPSON F. (MI) Address: SLOVENIA SLO-1001 SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN At. SWEDEN <NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEAN ISLANDS> CANADA CANADA L4B IJ3 Address: COSTA RICA S.A. Address: SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 Address: TURKEY TIC. A.S. MEXICO S.A. C.V. AV. DF Address: World-Wide Warranty SLOVAKIA SK-98401 Address: UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ Address: YUGOSLAVIA BS U. S. A. America, Inc. Airport CA90806 Address:
<SOUTH AMERICA> ARGENTINA S.A. Aires Address: BRAZIL SP Address: <ASIA OCEANIA> AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street Chatswood NSW AUSTRALIA Address: HONGKONG EPSON Technical (Information Harbour Road, HONG KONG Address: JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VD Customer Group: JAPAN World-Wide Warranty CHILE Chile S.A. Address: COLOMBIA Address: KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD 17F HANSOL KOREA MALAYSIA EPSON TRADING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. U1, SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Commonwealth Technocentre SINGAPORE PERU S.A. VENEZUELA S.A. Address: TAIWAN EPSON 10F, East Road, Section THAILAND EPSON (Thailand) Tower, South Sathorn Road, Sathorn, Thailand EPSON Technical Tower, Road, Rachataewee, Thailand
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B. V. EJ AMSTERDAM, that the Product of LCD ELP-7600/5600 EMP-7600/5600 Conforms to the following Directives and Norm(s) Directive 89/336/EEC Directive 73/23/EEC The EN EN EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to tion and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, includ- interference that operation. EPSON of Product LCD EMP-7600/5600 ELP-7600/5600 According to 47CFR, and Airport CA Telephone:
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC United States
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this only. IBM/International Inc. Windows/Microsoft Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
Printed 01.04-1A(C01)