Printed 402529901E 02.06-.9A(C05) WARNING to the thoroughly this Printed QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE the while the turned
"Screen and the the and the the obtained. The should as the from of to of of about the and the Checking the You the of the the the to the below and the of and The should when the this Press the or the to about seconds, the to (the light Projection Warm-up finishes, when input. Warning (Warning) High (overheating) The off and about without operating the the and then back The to its previous Then the or the to the back flashing the and If the or further Stop the and service. High-speed cooling If the too high automatically. that the and outlet clear, and that the internal too high. repairs, or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty of flashing and Troubleshooting
the Troubleshooting Connecting to "Connecting to Computer" "Connecting to Source" The that with the match the of the computers. such to purchase to the to the If (such as DVD the optional to the to the the of the the Press the the selected the Press the Select the item to Press the the This with function which when the the To clear the displayed. The then Turn off the both the and the other them. To (accessory) Connecting to To (yellow) To of (commercially-available) RCA (accessory)
Projecting the cover. "Turning On the "A/ the to the the other of the to The light Turn the the input the of VCR, the PLAY projected. Press the or the to the The flashing and (Warm-up Momentarily turning off and sound The and sound momentarily and or the projected. It when to of operations such as selecting when projected. Press Press once Projection of the and sound restarted. If this function while the and sound to played back, and to the where the A/V function activated. and then "A/V Then the type of to when The following choices available.The the The EPSON recorded as the the to Remote Functions Enhancing Projection
To the around the and to the Projection Functions If appear If the to with built-in or to to the of the the (such as with or or The normally the and of the Function Once the the to the with of NEC TOSHIBA IBM SONY FUJITSU the that Mirroring active Right or Press that to Press or the to the to the of the If or the appear the of the projected. of the input Each pressed, the Computer/Component and If other to the information. Press the and follow the which appear to the as its with the pressed, the Remote reduced pressed, the ratio Remote to "Troubleshooting".
the If the front they retracted and holding the foot buttons both of the and the front of the correction reduces If the become appearance correction the "Sharpness" "Selecting the the the foot buttons to the of the the and Turn to to Turn to to reduce Selecting The following the characteristics of the that You easily the selecting the that to the The brightness of the which selected. Application to the If the connected both the and the to Normal Brightness bright using their tints, with Theatre tints. Brightness bright Press The as follows each the pressed. Normal Theatre The the "Normal" when input, and "Theatre" when and input. While pressing the foot buttons, the front of the the to appear the this corrected the correction function as as the of within of If to further to the of correction, the Remote Functions
operating with the otherwise the USB that USB (accessory) USB USB the as follows. wireless to using the as "Wireless Function" Enhancing Functions Manually Correcting Distortion" If the to "OFF" (the this item "ON"), Press the to the this or back through (Each to Press or You the to the from The that it the operations as the Wireless Selecting the A/V each function. to the of the the The following functions previous To to the To to the To further correction To further correction the the too the top too right clicks: Press clicks: Press clicks and Turning the release to or to At the While
Other the Remote Press to to the previous Turning the "Turning the The (cool-down progress/about seconds). If other than the or the while the displayed, the and the to its Press the the to the the You then the brightness, and sharpness Press the The appears. and to the item to and then The selected then appears. and to and then and to the or "ON" or "OFF". Press to the To the another and To the Turn off the the connected to the Press the or the the to off the To mis-operation, appears when or once. The off when the once You or to off the the lights steadily the If the disconnected while the flashing with operation. Turning the
Press to to the Remote the Other Turning the "Turning the The (cool-down progress/about seconds). If other than the or the while the displayed, the and the to its To the and another the "ON" or "OFF". Press to to the or and then and and to The selected then appears. item to and then and to the The appears. Press the the brightness, and sharpness Press the the to the the You then To the Turn off the the connected to the Press the or the the to off the To mis-operation, appears when or once. The off when the once You or to off the the lights steadily the If the disconnected while the flashing with operation. Turning the
Functions "Wireless Function" the as wireless to the as follows. USB USB (accessory) USB the USB that with the otherwise operating Manually Correcting Distortion" If the to "OFF" (the this item "ON"), Press the to the this The following the to the of the each function. Selecting the A/V the The that the operations as You the to the from Press or (Each to or back through To to the To to the previous To further correction To further correction the the too the top too clicks and clicks: Press right clicks: Press Turning the While or to At the release to
the "Sharpness" appearance correction If the become correction reduces the and the front of buttons both of the and holding the foot they retracted If the front the "Selecting the the and the foot buttons to the of the the Turn to to reduce Turn to to Selecting The following the characteristics of the that You easily the selecting the that to the The of the which selected. Application to the If the connected both the and the connected to Normal Brightness bright their tints, with Theatre using tints. Brightness bright Press The as follows each the pressed. Normal Theatre The the "Normal" when input, and "Theatre" when and input. the of correction, to further to the of If would as the of within correction function as this corrected the to appear the the buttons, the front of the While the foot Remote Functions
Functions the and to around the To the If appear If connecting the to with built-in or to to the of the buttons the (such as button with or or The normally holding the and pressing of the Function Once the the to the with of NEC TOSHIBA IBM SONY FUJITSU the that Mirroring active of If or the appear the of the projected. Press or the to the to the of the that to Press or Right the input Each pressed, the Computer/Component and If other to the information. Press the and follow the which appear to the Projecting Remote pressed, the with the as its ratio pressed, the reduced Remote to "Troubleshooting".
"Turning On the the cover. Projecting "A/ (Warm-up flashing and The to the or the Press the projected. the of VCR, the PLAY Turn the the input The light the other of the to the to the Momentarily turning off and sound The and sound and or the projected. It when to of operations such as selecting when projected. Press Press once Projection of the and sound restarted. If this function while the and sound to played back, and to the where the A/V function activated. First and then "A/V Then the type of to displayed when stopped. The following choices the The EPSON recorded as the the to own Remote Functions Projection
Troubleshooting the Connecting to "Connecting to Computer" "Connecting to Source" The that with the match the of the computers. such to purchase to the to the If (such as DVD the optional to the to the the rear of the the This with function which when the Press the Select the item to Press the the the selected Press the the The then displayed. To clear the the Turn off the both the and the other connecting them. To (accessory) Connecting to To (yellow) To of (commercially-available) RCA (accessory)
and The should as the the the obtained. the the and the of about the and from of to of Checking the You the of the the the to the below and the of and The should when the this Press the or the to Cool-down about seconds, the to (the light Warm-up warm-up finishes, when input. Warning (Warning) High (overheating) The off and about without operating the the and then back The to its previous Then the or the to the back flashing the and If the or further Stop using the and service. High-speed cooling If the too high automatically. that the and outlet clear, and that the internal too high. repairs, or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty of flashing and Troubleshooting
02.06-.9A(C05) 402529901E Printed WARNING to the thoroughly this Printed QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE the while the turned