Printed 02.06-.9A(C05) Printed
About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following three The cover the following topics. Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes warranty and troubleshooting to this thoroughly the (this This information the operation, the troubleshooting and Reference of the commonly-used functions easy reference. You should this Reference the and to and while the to of operation. Notations Used This Information Indicates which or Indicates information and which to know topic. Procedure of and or appears the text of this to items which or optional to the Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the "Appendices". Indicates operating and the of operations. The indicated should the of the numbers.
the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. (with cover) D- connecting the to Soft carrying (with shoulder and carrying the Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty Terms (this Reference A/V ESC Remote (including CR2025 lithium battery) RCA the to the to outlet USB the to with USB that the wireless function
of the correction function The of the detected, that the corrected. function the from the connected and that the people the the obtained and reconnecting the computers. Each manually. function The selecting the from the following to the used. other necessary. Normal Theatre Compact and lightweight The with footprint the of B5 (D) (W) (H) (D) (H))) and light easy to carry. Brilliant, attractive its the high with high of beautifully clear bright to The accessory operations such as and of the to the around the "Wireless Function" If using the wireless function, the to back and forth through when
C
the This chapter the the and Functions Rear....................................................................................................... Remote the Remote the Remote and Remote the and Connecting to Computers from the If the If the 5BNC If the Sound from the the Remote to the (Wireless Function)................................................................. Connecting to Source Projecting Projecting Projecting RGB Sound from the
and Functions the the Flashes or lights to the operating of the foot and to the cover when the to the from becoming or Remote light- from the foot and to the (Warning) Flashes or lights to with the or that the to replaced. Security and other from the the the also. Foot Another foot located the right Press both foot buttons when and retracting the front
the and off. [Source] Switches the input the Computer/Component S- and each the pressed. while displayed, the item that currently selected. the to Press to manually while displayed, selects items the
and Functions Rear to the from other the RCA this to the from other the Computer/Component from and from other cover this when the the Remote the accessory when fixing the optional mount when the from the using Remote light- from the USB the to the USB
Remote buttons the as wireless these buttons to back and forth through when the and off. buttons [Computer]: Switches the to the input from the Computer/Component Switches the input from the and the or the the of that using the the as wireless these buttons the the to the that pressed. or displayed, these items and this to to the when to "OFF". Remote light- A/V ESC [ESC] the function. the previous or while Acts as right-click when the as wireless Selects the The the of Normal, Theatre, and each the pressed. [A/V Momentarily off the and the or the the of without the of the item or the or while or Acts as left-click when the as wireless
the Remote the Remote and the the first the that from the the pulled the then used. the Remote The the following Procedure the light-emitting of the light-receiving the and the buttons. allow sunlight or light from to directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the If the of the or that the If this the with the the the back of the that Remote light-receiving (front) A/V Remote light-emitting A/V ESC Remote light-receiving (back) ESC
the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the vertically from the vertically light-receiving light-emitting A/V ESC A/V ESC Within
the The the following four methods, allowing to choose the the to first the World-Wide Warranty of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this The optional mount when the to the the or "Rear the "Advanced" to match the
and Projection The the and the the While to the below, the that the the the The should as the The and the of about the and the The allows ratio of to about The the about than the the The reduced when correction Recommended from of to of of
Connecting to connecting the to to the following. Turn off the both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of to the or Computers The connected to of or of that the to the below. Condition The output that the such as "RGB or "CRT which If the built-in or to the to the or alternatively to purchase to the heading such as "Connecting or further Condition The and of the the of Displays". "Appendices: of Supported allow to the necessary, the to that matches the of Displays", while to the with the You to purchase the of the to the with the further If the and too from each other the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 PC "Appendices: Optional Accessories"
from the The and specifications of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. If the the accessory to the Computer/Component the of the to the of the the the to "RGB" the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Computer] the to the as the input the and the together, otherwise interference or To (accessory) To Computer/
Connecting to If the 5BNC the optional VGA-HD15 PC to the Computer/Component the of the to the of the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" the the to "RGB" the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Computer] the to the as the input the and the together, otherwise interference or To VGA-HD15 PC (optional) To Computer/
If the workstation-type commercially-available to the Computer/Component the rear of the to the of the the the to "RGB" the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Computer] the to the as the input the and the together, otherwise interference or workstations the workstation further To (commercially-available) To Computer/
Connecting to Sound from the The built-in with output of W. If the that connected to the sound from the through the connecting the and the the rear of the using (commercially-available). It recommended that with To To the following to the of the sound Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the the and buttons to the The increased or reduced each pressed. the the to the Advanced About Select Advanced About Select Tone
the Remote to the (Wireless Function) You the as wireless to the the To this, the accessory USB to the USB of the to the USB the of the XP Edition/ USB USB (accessory) XP Professional USB USB (accessory) (OS 9.2/X/10.1) the as wireless the and buttons the to back and forth through when The USB connected to with USB interface. If which the of Edition/XP Professional If the of Edition/XP Professional that from of guaranteed. It to the function of both the and operating to the function to used. the the further Applicable To USB To USB USB (accessory)
Connecting to Once the the operated as follows. the Press the or to the the of the pressed. A/V ESC Right and Press the [ESC] While holding the the or to items. Release the to the items the If the the the operation of the The wireless function while or or while the function used. A/V ESC Press the If the the of A/V ESC A/V ESC
Connecting to Source connecting the to other the following Turn off the both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or the accessory RCA to the to the the of the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the the to the as the input To (yellow) RCA (accessory) To
Connecting to Source (commercially-available) to the to the the of the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the the to the as the input the optional to the to the Computer/Component the of the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" the the to or the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Computer] the to the input to or the type of input. To output To (commercially-available) To (optional) To Computer/
RGB RGB when RGB that protection input and projected. the accessory to the to the Computer/Component the of the the the to "RGB" the RGB or might required. To RGB To Computer/ (accessory)
Connecting to Source Sound from the The built-in with output of W. You sound from the through the the and the the of the It recommended that with the following to the of the sound Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the the and buttons to the The increased or reduced each pressed. the the to the To (commercially-available) Advanced About Select Advanced About Select To
Operations This chapter operations such as turning and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Turning On the and Projecting Turning the the the the and Correction Function....................................... Manually Correcting Distortion the Quality.............................................37 Focusing the the the Selecting the
Turning On the Turn the to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms projecting Connecting the Procedure that the turned off the and connected to the the or other to the the cover. the top of the cover and to the cover. the accessory to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to earthed the lights The and buttons operated while the flashing
Turning On the and Projecting Procedure that the flashing and Turn the connected to the the the to playback necessary. Press the the or the to the the The flashes it flashing and lights steadily, and the lights normally about seconds to The and buttons operated while the flashing the the appear. from flashing to Remote A/V ESC
Turning On the If than connected, the or the buttons to the which the that would to while to the following to top-right of Remote [Computer] The Computer/ each [Source] pressed. The items selected the command the appear. If connected, the from that without to of the buttons from the If the the If or with LCD connected to the the straight the that the to externally. The following shows of to to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or NEC IBM If the of the become the You should the displayed Remote A/V the that Mirroring active
Turning the Follow the below to off the of the Procedure Turn off the the that connected to the that the turned off. Press the the or the The following confirmation appear. Press the once The switch off. The and cool- The cool-down about seconds. (This factors such as the The and operated while the flashing lights steadily. that the cool-down cool-down the lights OFF? Please to off If to off the the If the seconds. (The off this flashing and lights A/V
Turning the the from the the from the while the flashing otherwise and reduce the operating life. the front they Gently the while the foot buttons. the cover. the cover to the when the to the from or Foot buttons
the You and the to the the The of the basically the from the to the The following to the once the The function of the Procedure Turn the the to the The this to the If would to the further, the further from the Turn to "W" to increase the Turn to "T" to reduce the
the the and Correction Function The should that as to the as from the from of If to the that to the instead. You or the front to the within of the to appear the The with correction function that this as as the of within of correction approximately the turned and the positioned. below
This when the turned to the "T" If the turned to the "W" the of become correction when the "Rear" or commands the "Advanced" to "ON". If to further correction the the Procedure While the foot the front of the that the front the front the obtained, and then release the foot buttons. To the front the while the foot buttons. If the horizontally, the of the front to the foot correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness If correction required, the to "OFF". Foot
the Manually Correcting Distortion The with correction function which the of the and correction automatically. If further correction correction the the to the Procedure correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness correction the If the displayed the the when correction that the correction exceeded. that the which the If the of the If the top of the elongated elongated
the Quality The of the as follows. Focusing the Procedure Turn the to the Turn the of the the If the of the or as of to the correctly. If this or the If the the of to the If the the the of the from the connected and these that the obtained. It of the following three items: Tracking and If the to "OFF" (the this item "ON"), If the the while projected, then Remote ESC
the Quality If the while the or function or while or displayed, the function when the and then the the correctly the type of the such the commands to the tracking and manually. the Tracking If appear the and this to the manually the following Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the Press the and buttons to the The increases or each pressed. the the to the The when tracking this Advanced About Select Advanced About Tracking Brightness Sharpness [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF
the If or interference appear that input from the and this using to the manually the following Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the Press the and buttons to the The increases or each pressed. the the to the If the without the first, to the Incorrect tracking noticeable with of However, with of and to incorrect tracking clearly, to the tracking first. It to and the brightness, sharpness and correction Advanced About Advanced About Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( ON OFF Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( ON OFF Select [Normal [Normal
the Quality Selecting the The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily the selecting the that to the The brightness of the which selected. Application to the If the connected both the and the to Normal Brightness emphasised. bright using their tints, with Theatre using tints. Brightness bright Procedure The as follows each the the pressed. Normal Theatre The appears the top-right of the each the The the "Normal" when input, and "Theatre" when and input. The the the Remote A/V Normal
Advanced Operations This chapter the of and to the Functions Projection................................42 A/V Projection of and the Aspect the of "Advanced" "About" the
Functions Enhancing Projection This section the that to A/V This function the and sound. when to of operations such as selecting while projected. this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where the function activated. Procedure Press the [A/V the The and sound then Press the [A/V the to You the "A/V function the to the appearance when the and sound to of the following three The the EPSON You the recording and Remote A/V
This function the The sound without The back the while and it to from the where Procedure Press the the The then To the the or the [ESC] Pressing the clears displays and The function while the function used. this the function the Remote A/V
Functions Projection of and the Aspect This function the aspect ratio of from to when and or or projected. which recorded or Procedure Press the the and then "Aspect Ratio" from the this operation, to the Press the and buttons to the aspect ratio to or and then the the the to the Advanced About Advanced About Select Brightness Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio Brightness Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio
This function and reduce of such as and Procedure Press the the indicating the the to appear the the to the of the that to or reduced. Press the and buttons the to the pressed, the with the as its pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the bottom-right of the You around the the and buttons. The selected to of To the the [ESC] Remote ESC ratio
the Functions The to of and The hierarchical with that which further other The to the to the the of Functions The the from and while input. The functions which appear the the type of input the Functions which the input Advanced About Select Advanced About Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( ON OFF [Normal
Function the vertically and Press the and the using the that appears. Tracking when appear the when or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness or You the the first and then the Brightness the brightness. the light and the Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness emphasised. bright their tints, with Theatre using tints. Brightness emphasised. bright Selects the input to used. Select "RGB" when or RGB Selects whether the function when the input turned ON or OFF. Normal ON
the Functions Function the the to their Press the to the and Select to to their *If to the the the "Advanced" to 6500K. Advanced About Select Function the vertically and Press the and the using the that appears. Brightness the brightness. the light and the (Not RGB the the (Not RGB when or NTSC input.) the tint. Sharpness the sharpness. Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( [Theatre Aspect Ratio Advanced About Select Brightness Sharpness Select Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio
Function Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness emphasized. bright their tints, with Presentation: Theatre tints. The white function operates that and of that or bright, to them to Brightness emphasized. bright when input.) Selects the input to used. only when input.) the Press the and choose the from the selection which appears. to the automatically. Aspect Ratio the functions the and to their Press the to the and Select to to their *If to the the command the "Advanced" to 6500K the aspect ratio Theatre
the Functions Advanced About Function the Tone the the functions to their Press the to the and to to their The individually each input Advanced About Select Function Corrects correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness ON OFF OFF Black Prompt ON OFF ON OFF Prompt A/V Black ON OFF
Function the function correcting when the of the to ON or OFF. This function when the "Rear and commands the "Advanced" to "OFF". If "Rear or to "ON", this selected. the and background such as when input. to "OFF", the background becomes and displayed. To the to and Prompt whether the input the ON or when the input whether the displayed the ON Prompt or when the A/V the when the [A/V the pressed. To the to and own the when input. to "ON", and then the cool-down finished, the to operations while the displayed. (The lights when the the or the pressed. the to their Press the to the and Select to settingsincluding the and menusto their ON Black ON
the Functions Advanced About Select Function Records Press the and follow the appearing the "Advanced" Advanced About Function the displays. Press the and the from the selection that appears. whether the screen displayed or To the to and own Select [English] Screen ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF 21L ON OFF EPSON English ON
Function the and of each RGB each input bright within from to bluish If the lower, appear and tones appear If the higher, appear bluish and tones appear Press the and the the that appears. RGB the intensity each RGB the Press the "R" (red), "G" or "B" and the the that appears. (This item selected selected as the the Rear when from to "ON", the reversed. when the to to "ON", the and vertically reversed. whether the "EMP software or the off the the cool-down finished, the back The EMP software then used. Software" the Instructions/World Warranty Terms the "Advanced" the to their Press the to the and Select to including the and to their OFF OFF OFF
the Functions "About" The "About" shows the the The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of Computer/RGB Advanced About Select Function the operating the warning reached, the characters appear red. the operating this selected, the operating to the Source the input which currently projected. the input appear when the input or the appear when the input or RGB the and appear when the input or SYNC the polarity. Polarity appear when the input or 0H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate Advanced About Select 0H Source 0H
Function SYNC the attributes. appear when the input or the input appear when the input or Refresh Rate Advanced About Select Function items to their Press the to the and Select to the the items each The and to their the refresh appear when the input or
the Functions the The operated the only. Procedure Press the the The displayed. Press the or to to item to selected. Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of The selected then displayed. Select Press the or to to item to selected. The items appearing the and the "About" the type of input projected. Select [English] Screen Rear ON OFF 21L Select [English] Screen Rear ON OFF 21L Remote A/V Advanced About ON OFF RGB ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF RGB ON OFF ON OFF
Select Press the and buttons to the commands which ON/OFF the and buttons to the and then the items which another to displayed when they selected them. If such items and the button, then the the which appears. to of the of each Select other items the to to the other items. To to previous the [ESC] the Press the 8000K
Troubleshooting This section to and what to found. the Trouble (Warning) the
the If with the the function on-screen displays to the It of and Procedure Press the the The displayed. Select If the the Select function as the and If the the and buttons to Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of the operations and to through the to items. You the the If the function to the to or the If the the the from the outlet and Remote ESC the the sound selection Select A/V ESC appears the The distorted. The displayed the of too too The of the The too The Select
Trouble If with the first the The with the following These to with operation. The following what the and to that they or (Not The should only when the this Press the to Cool-down Please The cool-down about seconds. You the cool-down. Press the cool- Projection (Not Warm-up (Not Please Warm-up approximately seconds. warm-up the flashing to steady Warning flashing
Trouble (Warning) or High internal (overheating) The off and about without operating the about the and then the following that the and outlet clear, and that the If the dirty, should cleaned. the back the to its the the or the to back If the to overheat the checked, or the when the turned back the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" World-Wide Warranty Terms with the from the outlet and then the and If the Then the and the the or the to the back If the the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms If the or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) flashing
If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the or the "International Warranty Instructions/World-Wide Warranty using the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms High-speed cooling that the and the cover securely If the or securely the switch (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which ventilated, and that the and clear. Clean the
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear appear of appear or distorted) sound heard of the displayed (Large/small) The right appear (Nothing appears) appear the turned off and then straight back the off cool-down the buttons the and the cool-down finished. You then the buttons. active? to "ON", the off operations while input. The lights this the the brightness correctly? "Brightness" A/V active? the completely input such as completely input? If the to "OFF", displayed. to or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. of the The The off
appear appear) Supported." displayed of or The of the of The whole of the which to the of the from the to the with the and of the from the the connected correctly? the input match the the [Source] the (or the [Computer] or the to the the the or turned If or with LCD screen connected to the to the to the rather than to the Normally to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or the correctly? the cover attached? the front that the too If the too the of vertically. the the The recommended from the to the within the that the within this
the interference the to the the dirty? the If the from to the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the off the and the to the Tracking and correctly? If the the to "OFF", the the to these If the correctly using the function and the the manually the respective the correct? If or RGB connected to the the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the command the to the the connected correctly? the selected? the that the that with this to the with the the Tracking and correctly? If the the to "OFF", the the to these If the correctly the function and the the manually using the respective
of the (Large/small) of the used? If used, interference the the accessory and this the correct? If or RGB connected to the the command the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the command the to the the "Aspect Ratio selected correctly? the "Aspect Ratio" the to the aspect ratio to the function to the Press the [ESC] the to E- the correctly? the the to the selected? the that the that with this to the with the the the or with LCD the that the displayed the whole of the or the to only. the If activated the of the connected the about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further
the The right appear the correctly? "Brightness" the connected correctly? the correct? If the the to or when connected, the appear purplish. If or RGB connected to the the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the the to the the correctly? "Contrast" the correctly? "Advanced" the intensity and correctly? (The exactly match the the the or LCD this and the of "Color", "Tint" the the nearly the become and the become this the should with the the nearly the become and the become this the should with the correctly? "Brightness" the correctly? "Contrast"
appear sound heard. The the input match the from the connected If the the to "RGB" when connected to the the appear the the connected the connected correctly? the to the A/V active? The A/V Press the [A/V the to the A/V the light-emitting facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the approximately and vertically. A/V the too from the The operating the approximately ESC sunlight or light from the light-receiving the there the the the correctly?
the The off the pressed) The This that the when the turned off. The switch off when the from the The cooling the to turn off the the cool-down this, the to steady and then the from the The cool-down about seconds. The the
This chapter information to the of performance the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the Battery.......................................................................................... the the the Optional Accessories........................................................82 of ESC/VP21 Commands...........................................86 Command USB of Supported Displays.................................88 Specifications Appearance........................................................................91
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should clean the becomes or the of projected to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available or cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the While the to the from the If the to or should replaced. with The should when the replaced.
This section to the battery, the and the the Battery the following type of as CR2025 lithium to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the battery. Procedure the While the catch of the the the battery and the battery. the of the the to that that the the the the clicks. of with Catch New
It to the when: The appears the seconds when the (Warning) flashing The or to The to appear about hours of to the and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The warning appears about of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready displayed. Flashes
the If the and to replaced, there the that the when If the of that to the should that the and the cover the cooled sufficiently the cover. It further hour the cool-down finished the to cool enough. Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the cooled and then the from the of the It approximately hour the to cool the cool- finished. While the the cover to the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the or screwdriver to the fixing screws that the to the
the the the the to and from the the the that the to the and then the clicks and the fixing screws. the cover. the cover the and then the other of the clicks the securely. If the the off as the the or the cover correctly. with The should when the replaced. of properly with
the The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the to displayed. Therefore, the counter to the with You this using the the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. Procedure the the and then the the The displayed. from the "About" and then the Select and then the The operating then 1400H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate A/V NO YES
the Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the the and the to the the and then the clicks of properly with regulations.
You the that currently as recorded, the Procedure the that would to as and then the the Select the and then the If correction or they when the selected. Select the and then the The to recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to Press the and the to the of the to as the and then the Advanced About Select the as YES NO Select
Select the and then the Select the the and then the the and then the The then Once the the the completed." displayed. the (about seconds). the or other which connected to the while the otherwise operation. to If the XGA or projected, the Once the to the factory this YES NO Select the Select the YES NO If the previous written. Select
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without Soft ELPKS16 this to the hand. ELPLP18 as ELPSC06 which easily. ELPSC07 ELPSC08 roll-type VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 to the to VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 this the accessory too VGA-HD15/BNC PC ELPKC11 to the to with 5BNC ELPKC19 to mount ELPMB10 when the to ELPFC03 inches)/silver) ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 when the to high or with ELPDC02 ELPDC03 ELPDC04 when OHP and of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this
Following of of the terms this which or which the text of this Further information to other commercially- publications. 5BNC to input Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM The of the and the which the The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of Cool-down The cooling the the the or the to turn off the the off, the cooling operations The of that this the "cool-down The cool-down about seconds. The the sound Normal which which to this and EMP software that allows the to connected to that the to the the software and instructions using the software and please of the service offices the HDTV High-Definition It to high- which the following of or or scanning Screen aspect ratio of reception and (or
Interlaced of whereby the which displayed from to right and then from the top to the of the The and displayed alternately. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and This function to that or than or than the to that they the whole of the Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM computers. which the and to quality. It to which of and C SXGA type of with of which IBM computers. Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the USB Universal USB interface connecting to which relatively The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as and interference
UXGA type of with of which IBM computers. VGA type of with of which IBM computers. XGA type of with of which IBM computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
of ESC/VP21 Commands Command ON to the the the the ready the Furthermore, when the The to whether the ready or If terminates with output and then the ON PWR ON ON/OFF selection ON MUTE ON A/V ON/OFF A/V Selection Item Command OFF PWR OFF Computer/Component SOURCE (RGB) Computer/Component SOURCE Computer/Component SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE OFF MUTE OFF Black MSEL MSEL MSEL
USB to the ESC/VP21 commands, the connected to of USB The following to USB Procedure Download the EMP software from the EPSON the software, please of the service offices the The USB (USB-Com together with the software, this USB the that to used. to the EMP that downloaded together with the software instructions the USB the 21L" the "Advanced" to "ON". Turn off the the the cool-down finished, the back Once the turned back USB then
of Supported Refresh PC98 EGA VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA text VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" NTSC PAL/SECAM HDTV the VGA It to which the with such
Specifications Product EMP-730/720 (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) including inches Polysilicon TFT active 12-phase writing XGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP18 (light 1W supply AC, 2.6A AC, 1.2A +35C +60C Approx. Connectors Computer/Component The USB to correctly with USB- RCA DIN USB: USB (B
Specifications USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
Appearance M3X8-3 Units:
Printed 02.06-.9A(C05) Printed