interactive teaching with the throw EMP EMP
The interactive teaching with whiteboards. to and this allows with its and interactivity with Perfect with interactive whiteboards The perfectly with interactive whiteboards. With whiteboards teachers and instantly publish, and interactivity with Projecting without of teachers and to and to this throw to focused 60-inch from of from the caused people and front of the with and The EMP software to and the You the internal of or to to anti-theft features The with security features, which that becomes The and only switched with To the and the each the turned and whenever input to warning appears. Security warning With With the and functions WARNING Protected FOR EDUCATION USE ONLY If this education Please immediately. tracking this Warning and
classrooms throw only to the to This and allows the teacher and with or with DVD player. security with the inclusion of tough security connectivity and protection. Bright, with 3LCD Warning If this educational tracking this protection. The only with the E-TORL money and with E-TORL These low-wattage high brightness with with and The teachers and IT to and the its IP the EMP software. built-in 10W or to without throw the and the Thanks to the throw free of buttons with with the and change. WXGA EMP 10W
EMP Specifications Projection (3LCD) 0.56-inch with MLA TFT Native WXGA Native VGA UXGA Brightness High/Low brightness ANSI ANSI Projection Focus/Zoom type protection cover 170W UHE (E-TORL) Life: (Low/High brightness hours hours Reproduction Low/High ratio to inch to Throw ratio correction to (RGB (White/Red) RS-232C Network (LAN) Direct On/Off Security Security and Other Source Search, Detection of RGB, Protected Function, Protected Function, High A/V 5C to 35C to (High supply AC 236W stand-by 5.5W off) 6.4W (D H) On-screen (English Spanish Swedish Dutch Polish Simplified Chinese Traditional Chinese Network performance and Function SNMP Software EMP EPSON Accessories Security Informations and instructions Warning Warning cover included With type Software (CD-ROM) included Protect included included Warranty years including Education 1EN_INT further information please office or Austria Greece Ireland East Norway South Africa United EPSON of SEIKO EPSON Corporate. other and other and or of their respective owners. and excepted, specifications to without Entity carrying and to of BV YEAR LAMP WARRANTY RJ IR Rear and Top inches of offset V1 Projection aspect ratio inch inch Projection aspect ratio inch inch RS-232 C cm/inch/foot