Functions and the software Troubleshooting Others
to that the following items included the when the and from the items found to Remote cover with the RCA RCA USB (Red/White) PS/2 PS/2 MOUSE PC software Instructions/World-Wide Warranty CD-ROM Terms (this Reference PC SERIAL Accessory MAC MOUSE MAC SERIAL SERIAL MOUSE
About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following three The cover the following topics. Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes World- Warranty Terms and troubleshooting to this thoroughly the (this This information the basic operation, using the troubleshooting and Reference of the commonly-used easy reference. You should this Reference near the and to and while the to of operation. Safety-related displays of displays this and the to that the correctly and to to users and other and to to property. Explanations these below. that they reading this that death or Warning that or to property information Includes and Indicates reference Indicates that of the or front of this appears the "Terminology." to the "Terminology."(see of the termsthis and this this The this and this appear this and these terms cover the with the and other optional products. The and apply to when the About the and Notations Used
and Operations Foot light-receiving Theft-protection cover foot and Operations
Remote light-receiving I/O Rear foot Rear foot (suction and Operations
the of Press this when Switches the and (BNC and the Switches the supply and off. [Computer] Switches the and BNC (RGB). [A/V Temporarily the and sound. Projection when this once or when the or when the displayed. when the Switches the and the when projected. Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the when the of or This as the and when the or text displayed. the when with the functions that currently the to the when this and text the when appear the and right when this and the item and the the when the or text displayed. (Switches the input to when the when the and Operations A/V
I/O the switch Switches the to or DVI-D the switch with the of or other pointed 1-DVI-D the 2-BNC R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb H/C the BNC the A/V or the RGB Remote the optional (ELPST04). Mouse/Com Establishes with the when the software that to or when the as wireless the from the and A/V connected to the the A/V the from the and A/V connected to the BNC or the the sound connected and A/V the the A/V the the A/V sound the to when the input from the DVI-D This R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Remote and Operations
Remote Temporarily the Press this once to the Remote light-emitting the when the [A/V Temporarily the and sound. Projection this once or the when the the with the function. the sub-screen when Press the to this [Effect] the allocated function. Press the to this (Light)] The buttons approximately seconds. Switches the supply to the and off. [R/C ON OFF] switch Switches the and off. The operations when this switch [ON]. the item when pressed, and then the to the items when or right. This function operates as the when The when this or right. and Operations A/V R/C ON OFF
the function used. to the when the or text displayed. This function operates as right-hand the when of the and the [Comp1] Switches to the from (Switches to the DVI-D when the switch the Switches and the [P P] the within the or the as sub-screen. This function this once the the of Press this when [Comp2/YCbCr] Switches the from the BNC Switches the and the when projected. Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the input Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr and Operations
Rear Battery cover and Operations
of Operations the and from the light there where the function. that the within the lowing Approximately Approximately Light-emitting the that the [R/C ON OFF] switch [ON] when the the the light-receiving There where the of the when reflected off the type of that and lighting directly the light- If the function or malfunctions, there that the this the accordingly. the optional to of or Rear Approximately Approximately Approximately Approximately and Operations
the Remote The with the following that of the type used. the cover. Apply to the the cover, and then upwards. the that the correctly with the and the the cover. Apply to the clicks LR6 (AA). The should once three months when thirty and Operations
Procedure the and to the the outlet the back of the or the (suction the There where or the the when the to this. the location where to the from or heaters. the to that there least of the and the the with cloths or other The locations that to the and from the front from the front with the optional and the to [ON]. from the the to [ON]. with the of the optional Procedure
and the that the from the to the The approximately and the about the of the the following reference the that the than the 30-inch to to 40-inch to to 60-inch to to 80-inch to to 100-inch to to 200-inch to to 300-inch to to The the when the If optional to used, to the instruction further The become when the correction function used. Procedure 300-inch 200-inch 100-inch 80-inch 60-inch 40-inch 30-inch 81X61 61X46 610X460 410X300 200X150 160X120 120X90 of the from the
Projection the with the of the right-angle to the to the of when the tor inposition. from the The and turning the from the top or Although the with the foot there where the this the with the correction function. A:B A:B Procedure
Connecting the to Switch off the supply to the and attempting to the Computers There with which established and that though established. of to that established with the Conditions Condition The with to that the with that such as the "RGB the and the If this, to chapter the instruction There computers, such as and that allow or which optional purchased. the there when to switch the with the and the NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU The and sound to to The shown products. to the instruction further Condition The and of the within the boundaries the chart the the the and shown the chart the (there where Confirm the and with the instruction There that allow the to this the to within the shown the chart the Connecting the to
Refresh Rate VGACGA VGAEGA SVGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC SECAM HDTV (750P) HDTV PC98 VGA VESA XGA PAL SDTV Used On) Connecting the to Used
the of the Switch off the supply to the and to the to this Confirm the of the and the of the the nection. force when the or of the and and to the the to the the with the supplied. the switch to the (right-hand with the of or other pointed the the Connecting the to with the
the the 5BNC the and the together. to this when the the of the to the instruction further There where the optional and when to It to establish with both the and the when to connected. the The Computer connected to the with the of the when the connecting the to station. The connected to the with the the the switch to the (right-hand with the of or other pointed with the the Connecting the to
the of 5BNC (when connected to the the to the 2-BNC with the supplied. the BNC to [RGB] when establishing the the with the 5BNC 5BNC the when the 5BNC. to both and when to connected. Connecting the to with the 2-BNC with the first with the
the of DVI-D* to the without the or the to the 1-DVI-D with the optional Select the with the of the (DVI-D/DFP). the switch to the with the of or other pointed There where the to switch the to the DVI-D. to the instruction the further 1-DVI-D (optional) Connecting the to
Sound The with built-in of outputing of 3W, and to sound from the Connecting the to the to the with the supplied. Connecting the to the to the (RCA with the RCA the The the selected sound. Connecting the to Computers Computers with the RCA the
Connecting It to the with the the to the with the attached to the There where the optional and when to when the connected to the DVI-D attached to the Connecting the to
Connecting the (wireless function) This the to operated with the the as wireless the Mouse/Com to the with the and to to PC/AT PS/2 PS/2 (supplied) DOS/V (supplied) the USB mounted USB the of the supported. Operations to There where the wireless function with both and the OS connected to the Mouse/Com used. The when the function There where the to the instruction the further Switch off the to the and the It to the Connecting the to (supplied) USB USB (supplied) USB USB (supplied) PS/2 with the to the selection. with the Mouse/Com
the following operations the established: -Press the Right -Press the the The operations the of the with the The when the Effect, and functions A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF Remote Connecting the to
Connecting Switch off the supply to the and to attempting to the The the selected sound. the of the to the with the RCA (Yellow). the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the To the (red) the of the to the with the the the RCA (Red/White) to the the sound to from the To the (white) To the (red) Connecting RCA with the To the the RCA with the (White) (Yellow) RCA with the (White) (Yellow) (Red) (Red)
the of the 2-BNC to the with the the that the following supported. the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the (red) the the BNC when connected. the the with the the the BNC to when the established. R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb RCA with the G/Y R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb To the R-Y To the To the B-Y the Connecting (White) (Red)
the of RGB the 2-BNC to the with the the the RCA (Red/White) to the the sound to from the To the (white) To the (red) Purchase the that matches the BNC type the and the other matches the the the BNC to [RGB] when the established. Connecting the RCA with the G/Y R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb To the To the To the (White) (Red)
completed. Preparations directly the once the supply switched to this the light eyesight. that the used. The of other than the the outbreak of fire or shocks. with the cover attached. to this the cover becoming to heat. the to and the cover. the to the to the of the and the the and then as as the the The operations when the Warning Projection
Commencing Projection Press the to the supply. The operation to and started. The and then approximately thirty seconds. operations when the operation Projection A/V input] when input. the this displayed. the R/C ON OFF switch to [ON] first of when using the A/V R/C ON OFF
Select the to which the when than item of connected. Press the connected to the or to switch the input Connected [Computer] when- pressed) BNC (RGB) BNC(RGB) BNC when- pressed) when- pressed) Projection without the item of nected. when input the and when the the connected The BNC that switches [Computer] and the and [Comp2/YCbCr] the BNC (RGB) or BNC the BNC A/V to the top right-hand of the Unit Remote Comp1 [Comp1] Computer1 [Comp2/ BNC(RGB) Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr
Starting Switch the supply to the or If the nected then the [Playback] or buttons. The and If displayed, the once the there when necessary to switch the with the or the establishing the tion. NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU the and sound to to The shown products. to the instruction further Press the when that DVD players or input. The and whenever the switch pressed. There where of Projection
with the following Press the to that the to switched off displayed. Press the once The extinguished, the operation and the cool- The from to once the cool-down completed. The amount of the cool forty seconds the Press the to switched off. The seconds (the It to the as than the as with operations when the operation this please attained. A/V OFF?) Please to off. A/V A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
to that the operation and then the from the the from the when the operation to this to the and the the the R/C ON OFF switch to [OFF] when using the The when the [R/C ON OFF] switch the [ON]. that the [R/C ON OFF] switch the to [OFF] when the front foot Steady the hand, and then the foot with and the the cover. A/V R/C ON OFF Foot
the The the following the of the as the necessary while that the facing the right the foot with and the front of the The front foot from the foot and then of the the of the front foot to the height. There where the when foot This with the of the correction function. The front foot the foot with and lowering the higher the Projection Foot
the It to the of the and function to the screen and function the to the to of The when the If optional to used, to the instruction further the when the with foot Press the to lengthen the The corrected The corrected The reduced when correction The of correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. correction from the the A/V Computer A/V
Quality and the of the the to the It to the the or with this the accordingly. Correct the of and and If optional to used, to the instruction further (when Automatically the to the The items include the and synchronization. Press the the (the the If initiated when the A/V or the function the type of the there when correctly. this the tracking and A/V Quality Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
Tracking (when when the Press the [Tracking the Synchronization (when when flashing, and the Press the the Calling (when It to and them when required. Press the the The and whenever this pressed. There when these the from the flashing and There where flashing and caused the and the tracking tracking and synchronization input the such as when or The Quality Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
Introduction of Functions The functions that operated buttons when below. Function the of when A/V Temporarily the and A/V A/V sound. the the of the the Effect to the Effect sub-screen to the Preset Corrects correction Automatically the Tracking that appear Tracking the flashing, and that appears the the the Reference Remote Unit Introduction of Functions
Functions Function The of when sections and below when Press the The displayed. Computer Select the Press the the the and the to the the the item the the (the the Functions A/V (HELP the the sound selection(Language) If follow the instructions to the unsuccessfully, the from the and with :Select A/V R/C ON OFF Comp1 Comp2/BNC
the operations and to and the items. to "Troubleshooting" this the text The the or buttons. (HELP appear the The The The displayed the off/too The of the correct. The too The :Select Functions
Cutting It to temporarily and and sound. A/V Function Temporarily and sound. It to the this Press the [A/V button. The and sound erased. A/V when the [A/V when the or when the displayed. the three of selected when and sound. Black The EPSON the and to the Function Temporarily the however, the sound muted. Press the The Press the once to this A/V A/V A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
Switching The and switched when switched aspect ratio of and Press the The switch. the of Projected the There where the and the with the reduced or expanded that the fits the of the the of the of The switched the of the the as the of the displayed the than the of the the the to through the displayed. the right and when SXGA displayed. Press the while the the to full-screen A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Switching
the of Switching and recorded with and DVD Switching
function) It to without Press the The displayed the right-hand to the to reduced or with and of of the displayed when the the to the and this ingly. Sub-screens when the function used. The displayed. A/V R/C ON OFF function)
Function The [Effect] to displayed The tion the Cursor/Stamp the Press the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. the the to the of the The the location of the when the the pressed. The function and the when the pressed. The when the pressed. The when the function the Press the the the to the to the Press the to the Function
the the to the to the Press the to the The function and the when the to the The when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function Spotlight spotlight of the Press the switch three spotlight whenever the pressed. the to the spotlight. The function and the when the pressed. The when the function Function
the Press the to the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. the to the The function and the when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function Canceling Effects Press the The boxes, and other Effect Function
Function The as sub-screen the or Press the [P P] instructions displayed the of the and the sub-screen displayed the top right-hand of the the the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to switch to sub-screen sound. Press the to to the main-screen sound the sound switched. Press the to the sub-screen The operation the The when the [P P] The or displayed the and the displayed the sub-screen, and the the with the Switch the and sound of the sub-screen to fixing the sub-screen's The sub-screen switched Function
The when sound from the Press the while the the when sound input. A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr
The the and to Items The top and and of Also, the with the input (connected items Computer 15/BNC) (DVI-D) Effect Advanced About Advanced About The items the with the input and other than that to the input The when input. Top Advanced About :Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal Preset Select :Select (BNC) Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Select :Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal Preset Select Effect Advanced About Select Effect Advanced About Select Brightness Sharpness Normal :Select Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Select :Select
Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select The of 0H and hours, and of hour hours. Sound SRS SPACE SRS CENTER Prompt A/V BNC OFF Black ON OFF Black RGB ON OFF Information Screen Comp2Sync Termination Rear Select [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Advanced About Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About Select :Select The information displays the and the of the input Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor ON Source Negative On Polarity Refresh Rate
Operations The operated from both the and the Press the The top displayed. Select the Press the the the or the to the the selected Press the the (the the to the selected The displayed. Then the Press the the the or the to the The items the and information with the input A/V Screen Comp2Sync Termination Advanced About Select [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Select Operations
Select the Press the [Tracking the the or right the to the attached to the of the item that the and the Press the to this selection, and then the to the of further information the function of each of the other items the Press the The Press the to to the the hierarchy. The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input when input. The when and then (the as immediately to the with Operations Comp2Sync Termination Rear Select [English] ON OFF Select ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF
Items Top Function the and right. Press the to the the displayed. Tracking that appear the the and that appear the and as of the and It to the of the the synchronization the Brightness the brightness of the the of the the of the the of the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of the with clear Normal: without correction. with tint. the input Automatically the input Press the and the from the input selection played. It to the input (input tracking, tion brightness, sharpness, and Press the and the which to from the tion displayed. The the of the that the this The the button. Smooth Motion smoothly when this [ON]. this [OFF] the appear to Operations Normal ON
Top Function the Press the and the from the selection displayed. The the the the PAL to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to to the the the of the high tones. the of the tones. SRS the of the sound. SRS the of the sound. sound to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to to the Effect Cursor/Stamp the and of the allocated to the Press the and the item to displayed from the The and to respectively the selected and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. the and of the allocated to the Press the and the item from the The the function. Spotlight the of the allocated to the Press the and the item from the spotlight The the function. Operations to Color: Shape:
Top Function Effect the and of the to the Press the and the item from the The and selected each of the and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. Cursor Selects the of Cursor. L: M: H: to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to to the The screen reduced when correction The of correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. the input the functions sub-screen. The function the [P P] The and other The and Prompt whether to the input the or ON A/V the when the [A/V pressed. The user and BNC the the input connected to the BNC RGB: RGB to input. to input or Operations to Black RGB
Top Function the function when input. this [ON], and the the input and operations of thirty (the Press the to to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to to the user Press the and follow the instructions played the The amount of to to the or the connected to the while this to this The that The when the with which to displayed. Press the and the from the selection displayed. the the switched The and the of the Automatically the Press the and the item from the displayed. the to the The and white when the formation. Operations ON EPSON English ON
Top Function Comp2 the termination to Termination cessing from ON: Terminated OFF: TTL input Usually [OFF]. with the switcher when termination required. Rear [ON] to OFF from the rear. The inverted. [ON] to when from the The inverted from to right and and The optional to the from the to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to to the About the items to their Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. the function from each to the and sound to the each The and BNC to the the the replaced. The and information with the input and other than that to the input The information displays the of the projected. Operations OFF OFF
the currently as the the that to as the user Press the and The displayed. Select and then the the (the the The to displayed. the of the and then the the (the the The displayed. Operations Advanced About :Select the as :Select :Select
and then the the (the the The displayed. Select the and then the the (the the The to displayed. Select and then the the (the the The the completed] displayed. amount of the process. the or connected while to this The that The when the projected. :Select :Select :Select this the the If the previous Operations
Introduction of Software The software includes the following. of Software The of software below. EMP the to from the This allows to to the [Effect] and user to edited to the EMP Users (PDF)). Introduction of Software
the and when EMP used. The and connected together with that the supply to the switched off to establish the to this Confirm the of the and the establishing the If forced the and malfunctions and the of the to the instruction further The connected to the and to tions. the that to to the or Switch the and that the using the software. Computers the Mouse/Com to the with the of the PC and supplied. PC with the with the PC SERIAL Mouse/Com
Computers the Mouse/Com to the or with the of the and supplied. or with the with the MAC SERIAL Mouse/Com
This section to the EMP V. the following to that the software the NEC PC98-NX or DOS/V operating the NT4.0/2000 platform CPU: or memory or when operating the capacity EMP /EMP PDF or of High or or the Chinese and OS CPU: PC or memory or when operating the EMP /EMP PDF or capacity or or the and or the or or
This section to the software using the Software the platform follows the The EMP the CD-ROM the PDF to this, recommended that the as EMP that this function. the of and the CD-ROM The automatically. If the automatically, the [Specify and from the [Specify and and [CD-ROM \SETUP]. the and the to and then the [OK] then Proceed with with the instructions The selecting [EMP V] from the Computer] [Con- and Applications] and then and
the of the the and then the CD-ROM Double-click the EMP The automatically. Select the and the [OK] Proceed with with the instructions provided. the [EMP V] and [EMP V] the to the Reading the the of Select [EMP V] to the the of the Double-click the within the [EMP V] to the
Troubleshooting think first of the the The with and to the of the Reference Recovery or Stand-by (Not Projection when the pressed. Cool-down Projection (Not Warm-up (Not The amount of the seconds. The and become once the completed. Cease operations, the from the and or "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World- Warranty included the and repairs. Troubleshooting (Not The amount of the to cool (cooling the the The the cool-down This once the cool-down completed, the once then.
Reference Recovery or Extinguished The The switched switched to that the or correctly the replaced. If the or correctly attached, the the as the switched the Check the to the Reference Recovery and the and to the If the Next, the and the If the or the or "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World- Warranty included the the replaced). to that the or correctly attached the replaced. If the or correctly attached, the the as the switched Nearing the the Extinguished (Not The switched or It recommended that the as as as there where the earlier than stated the of Troubleshooting
Reference Recovery and internal (overheating) Cease operations, the from the and or "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World- Warranty included the and repairs. High-temperature Not Projection cooling the increases further. There where high-speed cooling activated the when the although this the which and the which used. Although continued, recommended that the with below the well-ventilated and that the and Clean the Extinguished (Not The switched or to the section the the following the appear the or "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty included the covered the Troubleshooting The off and becomes with the that passed, the once, then If the overheats, the following and the the with the and covered, and that the the If the dirty, the the recover to the the and the If the overheats when the and when displayed the and when the turned the of the and repairs the where purchased or the service office the "International Warranty Conditions" World-Wide Warranty included the
the to each item the following the The The The The The sound The The EMP function The Nothing Nothing displayed the cover the switched off and then immediately? The finished the cooling The the cooling cooling operations: the completed. the ON? the [ON], the extinguished operations and input of thirty the the of the correctly the the [A/V the input completely There where input become completely to input? the OFF. this to or to the to the items when the displayed. the
[Not Supported] displayed displayed the the of the from the higher than UXGA to that the the of the output from the to the instruction to to the and of the from the the connected correctly? the input selected the Press the [Computer] or the ([Comp1], [Comp2/YCbCr] the to switch the the to the connected or switched from the or and type to the externally they to the LCD the switched to There which output to the LCD when externally. 5BNC input and the [BNC] to [RGB]. input and the [BNC] [RGB]? to
The The screen areas. the correctly? the increased the There where the to the too the The recommended and and the within this the the light right the the the of the when the brought from and this to the this switch the off and the to while. the Tracking and The the and the while the the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of Select the with There where the input the the
The appears the the correctly? the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the Tracking and The the and buttons the while the the the There where the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of Select the with There where the input the
The The The The There that the correctly selected. Press the the with the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the note-type and type computers. the that the the or the that the of the with the with the the to the to the with the further the brightness correctly the correctly? the correctly the correctly the and correctly (The the or the match with the of the this abnormality.) to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the
The sound the to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the brightness correctly the correctly the sound input connected correctly? the which sound selected? sound from connected Confirm the sound from connected the turned right the [A/V function There that the [A/V Press the [A/V the or the to the [A/V
The A/V the pressed) OFF the [R/C ON OFF] switch the the the The of the to the and right, and and R/C ON OFF the the and the too The of the the connected and the the the light-receiving the the light-receiving to sunlight, light or other light the mounted the the mounted back to front? the operation The that the operation extinguished when the switched off. The operation extinguished when the from the The operations. The (to allow the to the the switch off the The operation when this completed, the from the this **The amount of the cool-down the the
EMP function If abnormality the of the inspections, the from the and with or "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty included the the the correct? Select COM that or the connected correctly? the established with the supply switched off? the too normally? the supply to the switched the
Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the becomes or the of the Please the about every hours of operation. other than the the cover that shocks. or "International Warranty Conditions" tions/World-Wide Warranty included the to internal inspec- tions, repairs, cleaning and other when the and the outbreak of fire and shocks. the following when the or that become or to them. that the and the as as they to and with to the immediately to this burns or other Allow the to cool least sixty the supply switched off. the and from their when carrying to this shocks. Switch off the and the to cleaning of the Cleaning the Gently the of the with cloth. the the with cloth with with and then with cloth. thinner or other active to this or from the casing. Cleaning the Clean the with the and cleaning The of the easily and other than Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning
Cleaning the and the internal of the the becomes with and and this that the its and the cleaned with to the and from If to the from the or to crack, to this with the the the as the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the
the Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the cord. The amount of the to cool the surround- the that the its when the to the and from the the catch to the the
the the the following ELPLP11). stating displayed thirty seconds the of the the and below the the as as the to the brightness and The of to the brightness and If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as Although the displayed approximately of there where the characteristics of each and other lighting this hours this reason, the The
Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the cord. The amount of the to cool the surround- Once the cooled sufficiently, the sixty the to cool sufficiently. the screws holding the the the three screws holding the and then the the the as as and then with the three screws. the
the the the and then with the screws. that the reasons, this that the supply when the It to switch the the and properly fitted. with the the the as the that the with the following the with the Press the or seconds. The the displayed the displayed. Select Press the [Tracking the the the and Press the the or the the to the process. the A/V :Select ON the ON Comp1 Comp2/BNC Preset
Optional The following optional purchase with ELPAP01 ELPKC18 (XGA) ELPDC02 ELPKC20 (DVI-D/DVI-D, ELPDC03 ELPKC21 (DVI-D/DFP, Bracket ELPFC02 ELPKS15 Plate ELPFC03 Throw ELPLL02 ELPFP04 Throw ELPLL03 ELPFP05 ELPLP11 ELPFP06 Rear ELPLR01 WindowScreen (40-inch) ELPHS01 ELPLS01 WindowScreen (60-inch) ELPHS03 ELPLW01 ELPKC02 ELPMB04 (HD15/HD15, ELPKC09 ELPMB05 (HD15/HD15, ELPKC10 Mount ELPMB06 (HD15/HD15, ELPKC11 Screen ELPSC06 (HD15/5BNC, VGA-Work Station ELPKC12 60-inch ELPSC07 (5BNC/13W3, VGA-Work Station ELPKC13 80-inch ELPSC08 (5BNC/5BNC, VGA-Work Station ELPKC14 Remote ELPST02 (HD15/EVC, VGA-Work Station ELPKC15 Remote ELPST04 (5BNC/EVC, ELP ELPKC17 **A to the from the Please with to the from the when Optional
Terminology This section the within the items which and other A/V Temporarily the and sound the The sound and muted the [A/V the Press the [A/V once or the or the to the through three as Red-Bright (R-Y), Bright (Y) and Blue-Bright (B-Y). This the (the red, and and their transmitted to clearly. Cool-down cooling to the supply switched off and the extinguished. The cooling to when the entinguished, and operations This known as the cooling The amount of the cooling with the surrounding The of the that light. when the high, and when the strengthening or the tone of the to acters and clearly and tint. This known as DVI-D The input that conforms to the DVI to transmitted). tion and tracking The software to the Remote The optional connected. SRS The three-dimensional acoustic This and sound to These with the and tons. to the of with the of to increase brightness. SVGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and SXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Synchronization The clearly this with the of the tor. the known as synchronization. to and Theft-protection theft-proof the through the the to to or These the Security Inc. Terminology
Tracking The clearly this with the of the tor. the known as Projected to and USB Universal This interface connecting paritively to the UXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and VGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and XGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Terminology
Specifications Brand EMP-8200/8200NL Height the and 1.3-inch Height Corner-to-corner TFT 12-phase writing Count (light UHE ELPLP11 rated 230W 3W 3W Sound AC100V 360W, 8.5W power-saving 100-120VAC 4A 200-240VAC 2A Approximately DVI-D (switch) Specifications +5C to +40C (41F 104F) (with -10C to +60C (14F 140F) (with with Computer with Computer2) RCA 2(L, R) Mouse/Com DIN BNC RCA DIN Remote DIN RCA 2(L, R)
USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class Specifications
Printed 02.02-.1A(C01) Printed