01.11-.7A(C05) Printed
Checking the and from their that the following items included. If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. Remote cover with the (A/V) (red/white/yellow) USB PS/2 Instructions/World- Warranty Terms Instruction (this Reference Soft
This Started and function of each and of the operation instructions, and and Connecting with and and What You Can Functions to the of Functions (Remote Only) functions and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting and other Performing and other and Notes Optional
Compact and Lightweight The lightweight of and roughly pounds) allows easy carrying. Clear, Sharp Though clear, well-illuminated areas. of the including NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM. Clarity of from and input Correction Function and This built-in function allows easy correction of caused Wireless Remote Operations The allows wireless operation of including and and reduction. Effects Function Effect of the Effect effective Cursor/Stamp
Function (Remote (from to vertically and horizontally). with Allows and reduction. Reduction
About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following three The cover the following topics. Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes World-Wide Warranty Terms and Troubleshooting to this thoroughly the Instruction (this This Instruction information the basic operation, the troubleshooting and Reference of the commonly-used functions easy reference. You should this Reference near the and to and while using the to of operation. information Warning: Indicates which death or serious Indicates which or Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of to the the Notes. of and "this or "this appears the text of this Instruction they to items which or optional to the
Started and Functions Remote
and Unit foot Remote [Rear] foot Rear foot cover foot Foot foot
Switches and off. *Press to the off. (Select) when the displayed, as "Select" items. Source the Computer, and the displayed, functions as Ports] Computer/Component input from or input of from of from Press the of the to reduce the Press the of the to the input of from A/V Used when using the as wireless USB Used when using the as wireless input of from A/V input of from A/V
Remote Temporarily To release the the A/V Temporarily and sound. To release the or the Effect assigned function. To terminate activated function, or right-click function when using as wireless or Battery Cover Lights from Switches and off. *Press to the off. R/C switch Switches and off. the function. Used scrolling, item selection, and as the topic-specific this when Computer, Switches to the selected
Remote The and from the the the following 393.70inches Vertically The R/C switch switched to "On" to the the the the the operating 393.70inches of the when the pointed the to its the of sunlight, light, and light These the to malfunction. If the malfunctions or the the with fresh Remote Remote Approximately Approximately
the Remote This section to the cover. the catch of the cover the shown the arrow. to fresh of the type as the batteries. to match the polarity to that indicated the Battery type R6 (AA) of of approximately months. the cover. Press the cover the clicks firmly
Notes Instructions Screen and Projection
Notes The obtained when the and facing each other directly, as shown below. and this from right or approximately correction allows correction of from or below] the the of the or the the right and rear of the the with heater, or other the near allow least from walls.
Instructions allows the following the as location from the front] [Projection and from the rear]
and Projection Select from to that The recommended 39.37inches m)515.75inches to the following (inch (inch the as to Projection and other factors correction reduce of about inches the and the
Projecting Connecting to Computer......................................18 Connecting to A/V Device.................................21 Sound Through the Projection....................................31
Connecting to Computers which allow and others allow projection. that the specifications of the using the following [The that the that that "RGB or or the the section to or the the instruction the that and that the Computers with integrated and other as as purchase of other attached. [The and of the within the of shown the following The and of the with to allow allow clear obtained). the and of the the instruction of the
Compatible Chart Computers If the and of the which from the to of the the below, those to such they clear the instruction the the and of the Furthermore, the If this the the to the below. Refresh PC (RGB) VGAEGA XGA* SXGA*1 SXGA2 SXGA3 MAC19 MAC21 PC (YUV) HDTV525I HDTV750P HDTV1125I NTSC VGACGA VGA* Text VGA Text VESA SVGA* MAC13 MAC16 HDTV525P PAL SECAM displays (when EMP-71 EMP-51
Connecting to connecting, switch off to the and that and interfaces match each other. You from (accessory) If interface, that this interface. connecting to Macintosh, to the optional connected the and the together. instruction or the From You from the built-in allows 1W. selected or when input specified the from the that matches the of and the separately)
Connecting to A/V To (R) (Red) (L) (White) To To (L) (White) To (R) (Red) A/V (accessory) (R) (Red) (L) (White) A/V (accessory) To (L) (White) To (R) (Red)
If DVD player, (optional To (L) (White) To (R) (Red) or the Select using DVD and using HDTV To the aspect ratio of the and Aspect Ratio Computer/Component To To or To or (Red) (L) (White) A/V (accessory) (R) (Red)
Sound Through Connecting the of to PA active or other with built-in amplifiers pleasing sound. to 0.14inches connected the the sound switched from the built-in to sound Though the outputs the of A/V the to the to the s. purchasing thoroughly the interface of the connecting. separately)
Projecting from A/V Preparation Warning: the when the switched The the supplied. of other fire or with the cover Heat the cover. that the and or A/ connected. the cover. the (accessory) to the the with the the and the and completely the the of the The operation light with operated while the flashing
Projection ready Remote displayed. there The lights To the turn the R/C switch to "On". Press the to switch The operation to and approximately seconds, the from flashing to steady
Remote input Press the Source the or the Computer, or the to the to the Source the pressed, the Computer, and If there input the the Source switches the from to If the to Computer. Switch to the or A/V to projection. The and from the or A/V projected. If the the If the the
and integrated LCD (when connected)] or integrated LCD to the commands or to the of while "F0" to the the instruction of the Switching F3 NEC F3 F5 F7 IBM F7 SONY F10 restarting, the and sound the to the to displayed the the as they projected. such only
This section to the performance. and the Projection the of the the to the as directly as Foot the to of to the foot Release the foot to the height. Turn the of the front to to height. back the front
the This section to the Correction the foot to the the correction function to or roughly Turn the the to the the or covered with off or If succeed, the 39.37inches and 515.75inches Press the button the to the correction reduces The correction memory. You to the the to location or the If correction the noticeably reduce the sharpness with the commands Sharpness
(Remote Only) the This function to input If the input this function and and Press the and the to Functions (Remote Only)" the (Remote Only) Press the to the to easily This function the types. these the commands to functions such as or A/V these there
the Projection Remote lights Press the displayed. Press the The the operation flashes and cool-down* the switches to steady If to the another action the seconds. that the operation lights The flashing that (which about operated If the pulled of the the
finished the front the Foot the of the the of the while the operation flashing This malfunction or the life. the R/C switch to the R/C switch switched off, amount of to the and the If the or the the R/C switch to the with the foot with and the slowly. the cover.
What You Can the Wireless Effects.............................................38 and
the Wireless The included allows to operations location. The the action as and the the action as right operation allows to the without Unassisted If functions the the as follows. Right This function while Function, function, function, or Remote function Remote
switch off to the and Connecting with the malfunction or the supplied. other IBM PC/AT Compatible PS/2 the (DOS/V and the USB* USB the USB and the USB USB the following. The those with the USB interface and If the of that from earlier of guaranteed. Compatible with OS The USB only USB with other USB Mouse/Com and USB (accessory)
The included of Reduction factor displayed. Press the the to or reduce the (The releases this and reduction factors of the or right to the that right
The the allows to the of the of the the reduced. the of the The ratio with the This function active the
Effects the Effect1 and Effect2 buttons, effects to (to this function, the "Effect Cursor/Stamp This displays the and location. This displays the and allows to or Press the Effect1 to the to the to Press the and the as the to the To the the Effect3 Press the Effect2 to the or to the or To the the
and Moving (Remote Only) You or other and Sound (Remote Only) You temporarily and sound and or Press the the (To release the the button Press the A/V the (To the the A/V or another the A/V the of the when and muted
You topic-specific this function when Remote Remote Remote Press the to the function. (Press the to this function.) If the function, the "Troubleshooting" section this the Select the or to topic the the or Press the to selection. Select topic as and and follow the instructions displayed.
Functions (Remote Only) Learning Operations Effect Advanced About
Learning Operations This section the The the functions each the each of the or the or right. Press the button. Press the and Closing Press the to the top To this the To this the the when the closed. Selection] the selection] Press Press the or to the or the Press the to to the the the and the to the top Press the to clear the
Press the button, the to from the top displayed, and the to to there from the there from only the to as follows when Computer/Component Projection Projection vertically and the from (such as or the when broad appear when input RGB). when or only when input RGB). tracking of tracking Computer/Component
Brightness brightness. Contrast* Increases Decreases brightness/ depth. tint. red. Sharpness sharpness. sharpness and sharpness and If correction distinctive, reduce the sharpness. of Increases (Used when containing and graphics) Normal to (Used to the input of the RGB: YUV*: DVD HDTV input (Can only when the input RGB) ON active OFF active Select the to Selection of PAL to Aspect Ratio the aspect (Can when to factory factory To to factory the Computer/Component
Press the button, the to from the top displayed, and the to to the of sound from the Increases Decreases the tone of sound from the Increases Decreases Select input the input input matching that of the displayed selected. displayed, input selected). input from selected. input from A/V selected. to factory factory To to factory the
Press the the to "Effect" from the top displayed, and the to to Cursor/Stamp the function assigned to the Effect1 Select the of the Rate Select the factor the the function assigned to the Effect2 Select the Select the of the from Cursor the High to their factory factory To to factory the
Press the the to from the top displayed, and the to to If the to Normal You the with the the correction reduces The correction memory. You to the the If correction the noticeably reduce the sharpness with the commands Sharpness. the when there OFF displayed. displays Black displayed background (when the English). displayed background (when the English). Prompt whether the input currently selected displayed/not displayed the ON input switching, the input displayed seconds. OFF The input displayed.
A/V Temporarily the A/V the Black displayed. displayed. activated, the when input from of ON active OFF inactive to their factory factory To to factory the
Advanced Press the the to "Advanced" from the top displayed, and the to to Select the Select from English, Spanish, Chinese and Korean. or RGB to the displayed the of the Select and the to The (K). Increases (strengthens Decreases (strengthens red). RGB: red, and intensity. Select "RGB" and the to Rear This from the of ON vertically. OFF This with the from ON vertically and OFF Advanced to their factory factory To to factory the
About Press the the to "About" from the top displayed, and the to to and Information The information displayed the About as shown below from Computer/Component Projection Projection to this function when the Source the the displayed input H: the V: the SYNC Polarity polarity. SYNC attributes. input Refresh Rate refresh A/V to the (NTSC)" displayed.) Computer/Component Projection
Press the and the to from the top-level displayed. to and excluded) that and cleared this operation.
Initial Initial shown below. Initial (Computer/ Tracking the connected Brightness Sharpness Normal RGB ON Aspect Ratio Brightness Sharpness Normal Aspect Ratio Tone Effect Cursor/Stamp Color: Width: Cursor Prompt ON A/V Black OFF Advanced (Computer/Component 7500K, 6700K) Rear OFF
Troubleshooting Not
If think first the the includes and which information Operation or Steady (Not Press the to Flashing Cool-down (Not Please Cool-down* about You the cool- Press the cool-down Steady (Not Flashing Warm-up (Not Please Warm-up seconds. the flashing to steady Not If the replaced, that the and attached securely. the the
and or Steady High internal Flashing with with ELPLP16 Flashing Stop using the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World- Warranty included the The off and about without operating the the and If the overheats, the following the location ventilated? that the and outlet clear, and that the the with If the dirty, should cleaned. reconnecting the the operating restored. Press the to switch the supply. If the to overheat the or the when the turned back the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty included the If the to and or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty included the the replaced). If the or attached securely, follow the instructions to securely.
or Flashing High-speed cooling If the with to Not the following If showing which appear the previous or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty included the Not to further The of the 5C35C, and the should this the well-ventilated location where and Clean the
Not [Nothing Displayed] the cover turned the off and then immediately The operated immediately the switched off. The becomes cool-down* If to and input the off automatically. correctly? "A/V active? the or the [A Appears] "Not Supported". shows the of the from higher than SXGA that the of the from instruction to to the or of the from the connected correctly? correctly selected the input connected? Press the Source the (Computer, or the to switch the to or A/V from connected or A/ or integrated LCD-type to the normally to LCD externally. Switch the to LCD when externally.
Unclear Blurry only focused Not focused sections such as and to Externally Connected the instruction of the connected the correctly? the The recommended 39.37inches to 515.75inches the this the dirty? the beam facing the directly? the covered with If the from the become covered with and the the should to Press the the and the to the correct? the items to to input the correct? Select the input selecting RGB: YUV*: DVD HDTV
or Disappears connected correctly? the selected? to with the instruction with to the Press the the and the to the correct? the items to to input the correct? the input selecting RGB: YUV*: DVD HDTV included or separately? too should with than 393.70inches the items to the selected? to with the instruction with to the the of or integrated LCD- type the to LCD or the only to the the If activated the of the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further
There Sound brightness correctly? connected correctly? correctly? correctly? and correctly? and to or LCD match, this the nearly or and should with fresh the correct? Select the input selecting RGB: YUV*: DVD HDTV the nearly or and should with fresh brightness correctly? correctly? connected correctly? connected correctly? selected the whose to to the the A/V function activated? The A/V active. Press the to release the A/V the input correct? Select the selecting
The Remote Not Switch off Pressing the OFF the R/C switch to On? the the operation? The of approximately or right and approximately or below the the the too from the The approximately 393.70inches the the the the of sunlight or light? the worn? the correctly? The steady The of the to switched off. the pulled of the the operation The the and turned off, cool-down* cool-down, the lights and should the of the Cool-down about
Cleaning
Cleaning Clean when or Clean the every hours Warning: The should only trained service The high which shock. internal repairs and cleaning, or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty included the when the and fire or shock. the the following. or or or the and and completely. the or with to the immediately Heat burns or other switching off and the the cooled completely. operations, the and of the outlet and respectively. Switch off to the and the cleaning. Cleaning the Unit from the lightly with cloth. the lightly with cloth of and thoroughly, then with cloth. thinners, or other These the or the finish. Cleaning the Clean the with or cleaning The of the easily scratched and should or with
Cleaning the the increases the and malfunction. To from the the upright with the upward. Then or other to suck from the If to the from the to them.
the with the following instances. optional ELPLP16) the following seconds the of the the the the displayed. the flashes flashes brightness or to its If the light, the expired. To the brightness and approximately hours. If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as Though appears approximately characteristics or hours, and that hand. the securely. when the cover the warning flashes red, and the If the or cover improperly, the light.
Switch off to the and the cool-down* Cool-down to and other factors. the cooled completely, the cover. The approximately to cool completely. Press the catches and the cover the screwdriver to the screws, then the and the the properly, the the of the housing, and screwdriver to the screws firmly. the cover. the cover and the hear the catches that the catches securely the About to to its
Notes Optional Specifications..........................................................73 Index.......................................................................76
Optional The following optional purchase required. of optional as of November of to without Soft carrying ELPKS16 (type this to the hand. Soft carrying ELPKS24 this to the hand. ELPLP16 as inch) ELPSC06 which easily. inch ELPSC07 inch ELPSC08 ELPAP01 to the to when the accessory or optional the ELPKC02 to the to when would to UXGA ELPKC09 ELPKC10 this the accessory too ELPKC19 to ELPDC02 ELPDC03 when OHP and
This of terms which this the or to to other publications. A/V to temporary of and this function when the A/V pressed. the A/V or this function released. Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to The or of and that or of characters and This to as Cool-Down the and the cooling the cooling and buttons become inactive. Cool-down about the of the compensated. SVGA to IBM (DOS/V) SXGA to IBM (DOS/V) (synchronization) If the of match that clear obtained. Matching of phases offset) to as synchronization If synchronization achieved, displays and type of which actually consists of three (R-Y), (Y) and (B-Y). than which the red, and and the transmitted
Tracking If the of match that clear obtained. of to as matched, displays broad USB interface connecting with relatively low-speed peripheral VGA to IBM (DOS/V) XGA to IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V) The which the TV (NTSC The from the and the The which contained the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the YUV This consists of three the (Y), (U) and (V). The brightness than this the assigned to the brightness To of the high used. This
Specifications Product EMP-71/51 11.81(W) 3.15(H) 8.46(D)inches (300(W) 80(H) including Format Polysilicon TFT Count <EMP-71> <EMP-51> (Light Source) UHE Rated 160W ELPLP16 1W 240VAC 2.9A 1.6A 41F 95F (+5C +35C) 14F 140F (-10C +60C Connectors Computer/Component Mouse/Com DIN RCA DIN, RCA (L, R) USB USB (B-type) Specifications without
USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
Units: inch
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the Declaration of Conformity Products the FCC (United States only) EPSON AMERICA, INC. MS Airport CA Telephone:
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Approved Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this publication only. Inc. IBM/International Windows/Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION
Printed 01.11-.7A(C05)