Projection Functions and the Function Troubleshooting Others
to that the following items included the when the and from the items found to 2AA with the (three-cell Cord PS/2 Temporary Memory Card (this Warranty PC PS/2 MOUSE Software Dummy (CD-ROM) (Dummy and Accessory RCA (Red/White/Yel- USB *The memory the
IIII clear Clarity clear bright areas, of newly-developed high Compact and light easy carrying around. Supports the Supports to D4 ratings. Mounting the PCMCIA The the memory USB mounted to the of USB this allows to to the memory when connected to when of displayed with EasyMP.) Features
IIII this displays of displays this and the to that the correctly and to to users and other and to to property. Explanations these displays below. that they reading this that death or Warning that or to property Includes and Indicates reference to the terminology of the termsthis and this this The this and this appear this and these terms the with the and other optional products. cords The with the conforms to the Appliance and and that that to when the overseas of the the International purchasing overseas The following to The three-core (with earth included) that the authorization of the authorization of the country which the to used. The of 7A, official rated of 125V, or of 250V. The than length. The (the to the the with wall-mounted to EN60320/IEC rated C13.) Authorization organizations each country Country Authorization Country Authorization America UL SEMKO CSA DEMKO Great BSI VDE IMQ Norway NEMKO EANSW FIMKO Austria OVE UTE SEV CEBC The cords America and three-core SJT or SVT type cords. this
IIII Precautions and the following to of the If of the following switch off the supply immediately, the from the and or The of or or the of the the or the Continuation of operations these the outbreak of fire or shocks. Repairs should attempted the The to the should other than service The of the high-voltage that the outbreak of fire, or other other than that displayed. The of other than that specified the of fire or shocks. the of the Cord. The Cord with the conforms to the specifications of the country of purchase. If the to other location, the and of the country and purchase that to that countrys specifications. Cord. to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. that the following strictly to the Cord. anything heavy the Cord. or the that the heaters. or the becomes Precautions Warning Other than those specified
the when the switched light that sight households with when and to these instructions the outbreak of fire or shocks. the following when and too to or to which or other that the and as as they to or with the Cord when and tors. that the or The includes such as the and If of these should them with to and then or and repairs. or that top of the If the and the the of fire or shocks. or or or other the suction and outlets the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the or the battery-operated locations with such as with closed to sunlight, or the of and heaters. to this heat-distortion that would the of the and the outbreak of fire or shocks. Warning Precautions
the or heavy to this becoming aged, or causing the such as or to this becoming aged, or causing injury. or the within the reach of to this becoming aged, or causing the or locations, or locations where would to or such as or to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the suction or outlets. to this the of high the leading to the outbreak of fire. the the following locations. areas, such as or On top of or cover the with cloth or other Also, that least of the and the to the immediately hour the off to allow the to cool. to this the outbreak of fire. Precautions
that the switched off, the from the and other when the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. to the immediately the tor used. the to ciently leaving least sixty the supply switched off this. to this burns or other of the to the and leading to the outbreak of fire, and the following to combinations of or together with that specified the instruction If should from the battery, the with cloth and then the accordingly. the immediately when the arrives. the when the to of apply heat to the or them or that the with the polarity and If that from the off immediately with of with the regulations each that the and nected from their when to this shocks. Precautions Confirmation
the of the (+5C to +35C) and the lead- to to the the of the (-10C to +60C) of the to the sunlight of the with the cover The heat the the cover to become The with high-accuracy and than active that there of of and that constantly nated. Precautions Precautions
This section and and the items that should operating the IIII and Operations Operation PCMCIA Card Access PCMCIA Card Foot Foot Remote This and Operations
Rear Mouse/Com USB I/O Rear Foot Rear Foot and Operations
top of the Switches the supply and off. Press to switch off the supply. the of Press this when [Source] The switched when input. when memory as (to selections) when the text displayed. (Select) the necessary when the This as the [Select] selection) when the displayed. Source Select and Operations
I/O and AV the sound from connected to the when the the sound The sound from the when connected the the sound from A/V connected to the or the The established with RCA the sound connected or A/V the A/V Mouse/Com Connected to the when the to as wireless USB the with the USB when the to as wireless the with the USB when to from the to the memory and Operations Computer/
Remote Remote light-receiving the when the Light when the or when the [R/C ON OFF] switch [OFF]. Temporarily the Press this once to the [A/V Temporarily the and sound. To the once the or the It to the user when the A/V function operating. and reduces the of the The the sub-screen when projected. Press the to this function. [Effect] the function. Press the to this (Light)] The seconds. Switches the supply to the and off. [R/C ON OFF] switch Switches the and off. The operations when this switch [ON]. A/V R/C ON OFF and Operations
the item when pressed, and then the to the items when or right. This function operates as the when projected. The when this or right. the function used. to the when the or text displayed. This function operates as right-hand the when of the Cover and the [Comp] Switches to the from Switches the [P P] the within the or the as sub-screen. This function pressing this once the the of Press this when Switches the memory to the Switches to the Switches the and the when projected. Switches the aspect ratio and when and Operations
Rear Battery Cover and Operations
of Operations the and from the light there where the function. that the within the that the [R/C ON OFF] switch [ON] when the the the light-receiving There where the of the when reflected off the type of that sunlight and lighting directly the light- If the function or malfunctions, there that the this the accordingly. and Operations and Approximately to the and right Mouse/Com
the Remote The with the following that of the type used. the Battery Apply to the holding the Battery and then upwards. the batteries. that the correctly with the and the the cover. Apply to the clicks batteries: Phase-3 (LR6) The should once every three months when thirty and Operations
This section of installation, and the tion and IIII Procedure This section of installation, and and the outlet the front of the or the (suction the top. that there that of cloth or the the top of the the location where to the flow from or heaters. the to that there least of the and the cover the with cloths or other Procedure
and the that the from the to the The and the about the of the the following reference the that the than the Projection 30-inch to 40-inch to 60-inch to 80-inch to 100-inch to 120-inch to 150-inch to 200-inch to 300-inch to The the when the If optional to used, to the instruction further The become when the correction function used. the least from the 300-inch 200-inch 150-inch 120-inch 100-inch 80-inch 60-inch 40-inch 30-inch or 610X460 410X300 305X229 224X183 200X150 160X120 120X90 81X61 61X46 This the of the from the Procedure
The the of the and right-angle to the from the It to the and with the function from the top or Although the with the front foot there where the this the with the correction function. Procedure A:B
This section the to and IIII Connecting the to Switch off the supply to the and attempting to the There with which established and that though established. First of to that established with the Conditions Condition The with to that the with that such as the [RGB the and the If this, to chapter the instruction There computers, such as combined and that allow or which optional purchased. the there when to switch the with the and the NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with the The shown products. to the instruction further Connecting the to
Condition The and of the within the boundaries the chart the Projection the the and shown the chart the (there where Confirm the and with the instruction There that allow the to this the to within the shown the chart the Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA VGA Text VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM SDTY HDTV (720P)16:9 HDTV The EMP-505 with UXGA. Connecting the to Used On) Used
the of the Switch off the supply to the and to the to this Confirm the of the and the of the the nection. Applying force when the or of the and and to the the to the Computer/Component with the supplied. the the the input the to [RGB] once the established. bunch the and the together. to this appearing the and malfunctions. when the the of the to the instruction further optional MAC (ELPAP01) when connecting to with the Connecting the to Computer/Component Computer/
the The Computer/Component connected to the with the of the when the connecting the to station. the to the Computer/Component with the Sound The with of of 1W, and to sound from the the to the with the The the selected sound. Connecting the to Computer/Component the the Computer/ Computer/
Connecting It to sound connecting the the to PA active or other with built-in amplifiers. the The sound externally the The sound from the this The sound the Purchase that matches with the the to used. the Connecting the to Computer/
Connecting the (wireless function) This the to operated with the the as wireless the to the Mouse/Com or USB with the to to PC/AT PS/2 PS/2 (supplied) DOS/V USB USB (supplied) (OS9 or higher) PS/2 USB to the selection. the USB mounted USB the of the supported. tions Supports OS9 and higher with the There where to with both the and platforms the of the OS. There where the to to the instruction further Switch off the supply to the and to the The with with to or ADB Connecting the to USB USB (supplied) PS/2 with the USB with the Mouse/Com Mouse/Com USB Mouse/Com
the following operations the established: Press the Right Press the the The operations the left/right of the with the The when the displayed, when the in-Picture or or when the of the play(resize off). The of the [ENTER] [ENTER] A/V R/C ON OFF Remote A/V R/C ON OFF Connecting the to
IIII Connecting the Switch off the supply to the and to attempting to the The sound the selected the of the the and the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) supplied. To the (yellow) the of the to the with the the the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) to the sound from the To the output (white) To the (red) Connecting the To the (white) To the (red) RCA with the To the the RCA with the (red) Computer/ (white) (yellow) (red) Computer/ (white)
the of the to the Computer/Component with the optional (ELPKC19.) the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) to sound from the To the R-Y To the To the B-Y the input the to or with the the established. (optional:ELPKC19) To the L(White) To the (Red) the Connecting the Computer/ (red) (white)
the of the the to the Computer/Component with the optional (ELPKC22). the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) to sound from the To the the input to or with the when establishing the Establishing with Supports to the D4 Connecting the To the (white) To the (red) RCA with the The (optional:ELPKC22) Computer/Component Computer/ (red) (white)
This section and and the basic functions IIII Projection completed. Preparations directly the once the supply switched to this the light eyesight. that the Cord used. The of other than the the outbreak of fire or shocks. with the attached. to this the becoming to heat. the to and the to the to the of when the to the the Projecting Warning Projection
the Cord to the to the of the and Connector, the the and then it as as Connector Cord the the The operations when the Projection
Commencing Press the to the supply. The to and started. The from to while. operations when the the cover when to used. Source input] played when input. that there where this the the R/C ON OFF switch to [ON] first of when using the A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF Projection
Select the to which the when than item of connected. Press the connected to the or to switch the input Source to Select the top right-hand of Unit Remote the Computer [Source] when- pressed) Memory [EasyMP] [EasyMP] without the only item of nected. It to switch to with the [Source] when input It to switch to with the [Source] when memory Source Select [Comp]
Starting Switch the supply to the or If the nected then the [Playback] or buttons. The and If displayed, the once the there when to switch the with the or the establishing the tion. NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with the The shown products. to the instruction further Press the when that DVD players or input. The and whenever the switch pressed. There where of Projection
IIII with the following Switch off the supply to the connected Press the to that the to switched off displayed. Press the once The extinguished, the and the cool- The from to once the cool-down completed. The cool-down seconds the surrounding Press the to switched off. The seconds (the operations when the this please attained. Source Select OFF? Please to off. Source Select A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
to that the cooling (the operation and then the from the the from the when the to this to the and the the the R/C ON OFF switch to [OFF] when the The when the [R/C ON OFF] switch the [ON]. that the [R/C ON OFF] switch the to [OFF] when the Foot Steady the hand, and then the Foot with and the Unit. A/V R/C ON OFF Foot
the cover. the to the the
IIII the Projection The the following the of the the Foot with and the front of the The Foot from the Foot and then of the the of the Foot to the height. There where the when foot This with the of the correction function. The Foot restored the Foot with and lowering the the Foot higher
IIII the It to the of the and function to the and function Turn the to the to 1.2X The when the the the [W] and [T] projection. If the that the from the [W] the the and the of the
the when the with foot Press the the to the Source The corrected The corrected It to with correction (through as as the of the within of The of the slightly with the with the Approximately upwards Approximately The reduced when correction The of correction This to match the the and the sharpness correction. correction from the Select Source Select Select the Projection Select Mouse/Com
IIII Quality and the of the the to the It to the the or with this the accordingly. Correct the of to of the of the of the [W] to [T] (when Automatically the to the The items include the Tracking, and Press the the If initiated when the A/V or cuting, the function the type of the there when correctly. this the Tracking and Quality
Tracking (when when the the with the [Tracking] function. Synchronization (when when flashing, and the the with the function. Quality
IIII Introduction of Functions The that operated when below. Function Reference the of when A/V Temporarily the and sound. A/V Temporarily the of the Proportionally the to the (Effect) sub-screen to the Corrects correction. correction Automatically the the the Introduction of Functions Unit Con- Unit
This section the effective and useful such as tions, with this IIII Functions Function The of when sections and below when Press the The displayed. Select the Press the [Select] the the and the to the Functions Source Select HELP the the sound selection(Language) If follow the instructions to the unsuccessfully, the from the outlet and with Functions
the Press the to the the operations and to and the items. to [Troubleshooting] this the The the or buttons. Functions Source Select HELP appear the The The displayed the off/too The of the correct. The too The :Select A/V R/C ON OFF
IIII Projection It to temporarily or and sound. A/V Function the and sound. Press the [A/V the The and sound To the [A/V once the or the It to the to when the and sound temporarily from the following three with the A/V the Black The the user and to the Function Temporarily the of the sound muted. Press the the The Press the once to this A/V R/C ON OFF A/V A/V R/C ON OFF Projection Cutting
IIII Switching Switches the and the when Switches aspect ratio of and when Press the the The switch. the of with the input There where the of the and the of the or the that the of the fits the the input than the the of Switching the the to scrolling.
the input than the the of The switched the of the the as the of the displayed the than the of the the the to through the displayed. the of Switching and recorded with and DVD Switching
IIII function) The as while the proportionally Press the the The displayed the right-hand to the to reduced or Press the the to the with and of of the when the the to the and this ingly. Sub-screens when the function used. function) A/V R/C ON OFF The displayed.
IIII Effect Function Effects to the with the of the [Effect1] to [Effect4] tons the The the [Effect] Cursor/Stamp the Press the the The Cursor/Stamp displayed. the the to the of the The the location of the when the the pressed. The function and the when the or pressed. The when the function A/V R/C ON OFF Effect Function
the Press the the displayed. the the to the to the Press the to the the the to the to the Press the to the The when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and four corners. the of the corners this The when the function Function A/V R/C ON OFF
Spotlight spotlight of the Press the the The spotlight displayed. the to the spotlight. The function and the spotlight when the or pressed. The when the function A/V R/C ON OFF Effect Function
the Press the the displayed. Press the to the The function and the when the or ton pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function effects Press the the The and Effect Function A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
IIII Function It to as within or It to output the sound. Press the [P P] the operation the top of the and the displayed the top right-hand of the Press the the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to the The sub-screen when the The or played the and the displayed the sub-screen. The displayed the with the the and of the sub-screen to The sub-screen switched the of the sub-screen displayed the ously the the function executed. Function
This section the and operations. IIII The when sound from the Press the the when sound input. when sound to and
IIII The the and to items The top and and of Also, the with the input (connected items Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input the input switched with the displayed as the switched to the the input The when input. Top Advanced About :Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Normal Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal RGB YUV( ON Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select OFF Brightness Sharpness Normal Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF
Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select The of 0H and hours, and, of hour Tone Prompt A/V OFF Black ON OFF Black ON OFF Advanced About [English] ON OFF RGB Select Rear ON OFF ON OFF Advanced About Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select The information displays the of the input Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor ON Source RGB Negative On SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
IIII Operations The operated with the Press the the The top displayed. Select the the the and to the the selected Press the to the The selected. Then the the and to the The items displayed the and information the input projected. Screen RGB Rear Comp1 Effect Advanced About [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Operations
Select the the to the and right to the to the of the item that the and the Press the to this selection, and then the to the of further information the function of each of the other items the Press the The Press the to to the previous the hierarchy. The items the with the input and other than that to the input when input. Operations RGB Select [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF
items Top the of the and right. Press the to the the Tracking that appear the the and that appears the and as of the and It to the of the the synchronization the Brightness the brightness of the the of the the of the Press the to the and then the of the red, and the of the the of the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of the with clear Normal: without correction. with tint. the the input connected to the Computer/Component RGB when RGB input. when input. when input. the input when ON [ON]. to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Function Operations the Normal RGB
Top Function the Tone the tone sound to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Effect Cursor/Stamp the and of the assigned to the the Press the and the item to from the the selected and The the function.(see and the necessity of the the assigned to the the Press the and the item from the The the function. Spotlight the of the spotlight assigned to the the Press the and the item from the spotlight The the function. the and of the assigned to the the Press the and the item from the The the function.(see Selects the of Cursor. L: to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Operations Color: Shape: Color: Direction: thickness:
Top Corrects The reduced when correction The of correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. the input the functions sub-screen. The function the The and other The user and it Prompt whether to the input the or ON A/V the when the [A/V pressed. and they the function when input. this [ON], and the the input and operations of thirty (the Press the to to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the the currently the memory Press the and the operations as directed with the displayed.(see amount of the process. Press the and follow the instructions played the The amount of to to the or the connected to the while this to this The that The when projected. Function Operations Black ON
Top Function the with which to displayed. nced Press the and the from the selection displayed. the the switched The and the of the the Press the and the the displayed. RGB: the of the RGB (red, and Press the the (red), and items the displayed, and then the the of the when the Rear [ON] to OFF from the rear. The inverted. The inverted and right OFF when this [ON]. to the Press the and then the confir- mation screen displayed. Select to and sound to the About the items the to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. the function from each to the and sound to the each The ON and BNC to the The and information displayed with the input and other than that to the input The information displays the of the input projected. Operations English ON
The currently the memory the that to Press the and then displayed. Select and then the to the to displayed. Select and then the The the played. Advanced About :Select :Select the to the Memory Card? this Operations
amount of the process. the or connected while to this the memory the memory while created the memory when and the of that the when USB established with the the memory Operations
the currently displayed as the the that to as the Press the and displayed. Select and then the to displayed. the of the then the displayed. Effect Advanced About :Select :Select the as :Select Operations
Select and then the The displayed. Select the and then the to displayed. Select and then the The the played. amount of the process. the or while to this The that The when the projected. It to the to the once Operations :Select the the If the this
This section the that the of memory to confirmed and to created and played back. Function The following functions with It to and memory the Browsing memory It to of the and the ory to the and the ory Replaying It to replay the the memory The playback and or created with the [EMP software the and USB tions It to the to with USB to allow the operation of the ory the Function Function
the memory memory when the Memory that The following memory which with the II ATA used. Compact PC PC Memory PC mounting) ATA PC when of insertion the memory the to the instruction the should the memory the the PCMCIA the to the back, as shown the The to to the back back to front. apply force this The the PCMCIA as follows: Extinguished: Access achieved or the Access achieved.(Do the memory while accessed.) red: FAT12/16 memory the there that write-protected and malfunction when to write them. that the write-protect released to using the memory Rear Access
Removing the the memory when the or when played back. the memory with to and from the Press the the of the PCMCIA The Press the the of the PCMCIA once The memory the this the memory from the necessary. Press the the of the PCMCIA This the its the memory from the necessary. to the instruction the memory the memory
It to the and the memory with It to of within the memory the and each (preview). The function the following with the function. creation. SXGA or SXGA or with the function. normally displayed. There where with and other software when the The function with the function the with the [EMP software the to the characteristics of the ratio high, the when displayed.
Switching to Press the [EasyMP] the The switch to of and the of the memory displayed. Memory Card] when memory The functions this that the memory as ically played back.(see The switch to the and the replayed memory containing that the when the other
Operations the operations The of and with the function. The or selected with the the the with the and then the The within that displayed. the with the and then the This the and of The the the the with the Press the ton to to the the Press the to the to the information. Selected Selected of
Press the [ESC] when the displayed. The and the to the of Functions the To of of the selected selected, the within that displayed. [Preview] selected, of the that shown. If the then pressed, the and then shown Operations when selected. The to when selected. of other than Switches the of the and the the when selected. the and from the when selected. the when selected. To to the the higher hierarchy. information the operations that this
It to through the memory from that USB tion when the displayed. each It to of within with the the with the and then the The selected and the the the with [Preview], and then the of the within the displayed. Select the Press the the to to the Select the to and of the one-by-one. Press the when and displayed to to the Press the to to the (this the optional Press the to the and displayed to the Press the the the of the that displayed as icons. The and the Selected
the This the and playback the with the or and then the The or selected and the the the with and then the The displayed. the items the the and then the to The and displayed one-by-one the selected this to the whether to and or this item displayed when selected. switching the amount of proceeding to the this specified, the displayed when the pressed. the which the to displayed. Select background the of the background to displayed. Select Selected the item
It to back the memory back Press the [EasyMP] the to switch to The switch to of and the of the memory displayed. with the Software] software the that the memory as ically played back from this the with the to played back, and then the ton. The played back. The to the the playback completed (the repeated Although the with the the to to the the or to the previous the Press the to the playback. It to to the with the or to the with the the switched with the [Source function the
The playback the of creation, the and with the displayed when the playback. Press the to playback. Editing the with the the and then the The selected and the the the with and then the of the within the shown. Select to the Selected
the following to the the with the to and then the the with the the to to, and then the the following to selected from displayed playback. the with the that to displayed, and then the the with and then the to that Select [Display/Hide] Select the Select the the to to Select the Non-display
the with and then the The of the and the to the of Select the to The played back with the edited when selected.The of editing this Select
Creating created with the software] software. the Software to that this software operated the Computers that CPU or higher II recommended) Memory or (96MB or recommended) MB or of VGA or higher explanatory the procedures the with and the Software CD-ROM The If the the [Specify and with [Specify and and then [CD-ROM \SETUP]. Select the and then the [OK] button. The procedures Follow the instructions to with the process. [EMP with and Applications], and then and to the Creating
Creating It to that Microsoft or and with the of Software]. Supports both (SR-1 or higher) and recommended). that the and to already created. The effects with If these to when switching the the Prop- Created played back with the function. Specify [EMP [EMP The Software software Specify New]. displayed. the items the and then the [OK] displayed. The of the This without that the of characters the and the characters. Upper-case characters and the the that the created to Background the of the background to displayed back. with the created the when created. Creating
Specify the to to the with the the of displayed the the of the selected, each win- thumbnails that created with or displayed. the when thumbnails displayed. the and that to to the the from the the the from the thumbnail the right-hand The selected and to the If the of to included the the top of the [EMP The following displayed when the Creating
Follow the to items to the to switch to other such as or the playback, the right-hand the and specify [Source to that switch the The PC when this with the Property] to the or effects, the right-hand the and specify Property] to allow the with The displayed. The amount of switching seconds and seconds. Switching manually the playback. This when ticked. It the and attached to that (The clicking the right-hand the and specifying (Inactivate)]). It to and other screen switching when switching of these shown below. The displays specified the Other selected clicking them while pressing the or In/Out: Switches the from the or right. In/Out: Switches the from the or from the Random Creating
It to the switching when with the switching function. It to to playback clicking the right- and specifying Effect]. The functions activated with buttons to the rearranging the of the the the switching of the to the with the Specify The created Select and then the the to they with the and the each the located the when the converted to the this to the functions further each of the [EMP Creating
It necessary to created to the memory the memory the the memory necessary. Specify Option] The displayed. the which the memory and then the [OK] displayed. Click the [OK] started. the played when completed. Creating
Click the Click the and the following the and to Click these function to Operations clicked. the and then the [OK] the to the from the the and then the The specified the the right-hand the to the from the the and then to the field. Click the [OK] button to terminate operations. If memory which that as the the played back when tion The selecting Operations] the transmitted. The specified from the or specified with the they the which they the It to created directly to memory the when the and connected with USB The the of the memory when transmitted to the These edited with the the as and (thumbnails). Creating
Connecting with USB the and together with USB to the of the memory the from the The that connected to the with USB and restricted to those that the and platforms. the USB the to the to connected to with USB and memory used. The following with the to the OS to and below to the USB the Software contained the CD-ROM provided. the USB as with the OS, or the USB the Software the CD-ROM with the If the USB as with the OS already to the USB with the The USB nected and without the USB as with the OS. The USB with the used. and of the USB the to the with USB the USB Switch the supply to the the and the software CD-ROM New the The automatically. New the USB nected with supply. Connecting with USB Mouse/Com
The New and the with the [Specify and with and [CD-ROM name:SB-Driver\Win98\language\Disk1\Setup] the field, and then [OK]. Proceed with procedures the instructions. Series\Easympun.exe] to the Browsing the memory from the the connected to the with USB and the the memory displayed as the as Double-click Computer] the Computer] Connecting with USB
Select the operations the as operations. You to or to Macintosh, as might crush. memory operations from connected when the displayed as Operations when the memory accessed. to the following when USB established. the memory or the USB when the to this to the memory or malfunctions the Confirm that the extinguished selecting (or to the to the when the Abort USB Access played. to this to the memory or malfunctions the from the the Abort USB Access displayed. Access the to the selection Devices] when memory the platforms. The function USG Connecting with USB
This section and the of of them. IIII Troubleshooting think first of the the The with and to the of the Recovery or Reference Stand-by (Not Projection when the pressed. Cool-down (Not The acount of the to cool (cooling the the The the cool-down This once the cool-down completed, the once then. Projection (Not Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Operation
Recovery or Reference Warm-up (Not The and become once the completed. Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. Extinguished The The switched switched the the supply to the Recovery and Reference to the the with (ELPLP14). with (ELPLP14). to that the or correctly attached the replaced. If the or correctly attached, the the as the switched If the to and to repairs the replaced). Nearing the the Extinguished (Not The switched or It recommended that the as as as there where the earlier than stated the of Troubleshooting
Recovery and Reference (overheating) Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. High-temperature (This the cooling operating the increases further.) the within the of and the well-ventilated and that the and outlet Extinguished (Not The switched or to the section the the following the appear the defective. or covered the Troubleshooting the within the of and the and that the and Clean the Clean the
IIII the to each item the following the The sound The The The The The The Nothing displayed Nothing the Cover the switched off and then immediately? The finished the cooling The the cooling (cooling operations: the completed. the ON? the [ON], the extinguished operations and input of thirty the the of the correctly the the [A/V the input? displayed the OFF. this to or to the to the items when the displayed. input? displayed when the and [OFF]. or to the to each item when the displayed. the the
[Not Supported] displayed the displayed. memory displayed. the the of the from the higher than UXGA to that the the of the from the to the instruction to to the and of the from the the connected correctly? the input selected the Press the [Source] buttons the ([Comp], the to switch the the supply to the connected or switched and type to the externally because they to the LCD the switched to There which to the LCD when externally. It necessary to the the from the and then switch the supply. If the the from the and or information the memory the memory the the
displayed. displayed. displayed. [This displayed] displayed. displayed. the memory The that displayed with and Other Although with of the platform as they the to .JPG or the specified There where the of from the of the memory when memory PC with USB Press the [EasyMP] to the specified? with JPEG specified? displayed with the specified There that the of the or incorrect. There where with or with software displayed. with SXGA specified? and with that SXGA displayed. the with the EMP with count other than specified? with count other than displayed. the to the
displayed. displayed. the the memory If there to increase the of the memory other while the connected with USB It to when USB the USB
The The areas. the the of the of the of the [W] to [T] that the within the [W] to [T] the correctly? the increased the There where the to the too the The recommended and the within this the the light right the the the of the when the brought from and this to the this switch the off and the to while. the Tracking and The the [Tracking] and buttons the while the the the the correctly? the with There where the input the the input match the connected the type with the [RGB] and or the the
The appears The The The the the connected correctly? the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the [Synchronization Tracking correctly Press the to the The to to the There where the Either the or and the the the correctly? the with Format]. There where the input the the input match the connected the type with the [RGB] and or the There that the correctly selected. Press the button. the correctly with the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the note-type and type computers. Either the that the the or the that only
The The the brightness correctly the connected correctly? the correctly the correctly the and correctly (The the or the match with the of the this abnormality.) to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the input match the connected the type with the [RGB] and or the to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the correctly the correctly the
sound The A/V R/C ON OFF the the sound input connected correctly? the which sound selected? the to the sound from connected Confirm the sound from connected the turned right the [A/V function There that the [A/V Press the [A/V button, the or the to the [A/V the sound to Sound from the to the the [R/C ON OFF] switch the the the The of the to the and right, and and the the and the too The of the approximately the and the the the light-receiving the the light-receiving to sunlight, light or other light the mounted the the mounted back to front?
The switch off the pressed) OFF with when using the Software If abnormality checking the of the inspections, the from the and or the The that the extinguished when the switched off. The extinguished when the from the The operations. The cool-down (to allow the to cool the operation the switch off the The operation when this completed, the from the this *The amount of the cool-down the The acts (distorted) with that normally used. If the displayed normally, the that the and the or There should with created with the Software or with (VGA, XGA.) the created with and the edited with the Software. These first the or they used. Not to or thumbnails. It that the MS-Office the and [Graphic option from the Office97 and then or the (the with the Office2000 Created edited. that to the memory edited. the temporarily the Software. the
This section of the items and other IIII Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the becomes or the of the Please clean the about hours of operation. other than the age the cover that or to internal inspections, repairs, cleaning and other when the and Connector. the outbreak of fire and shocks. the following when the or that become or to them. that the and the as as they to and with to the to this burns and other caused heat. hour the off to allow the to cool. the and Connector from their when carrying to this shocks. Switch off the supply and the Cord to cleaning of the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning
Cleaning the Gently the of the with cloth. the the with cloth with medium-strenth cleaning with and then gently with cloth. thinner or other active to this or from the Cleaning the Clean the with the and cleaning The of the easily and using other than Cleaning the and the of the the becomes with and and this that the its and the cleaned with to the and from If to the from the or to crack, to this with the the the as the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the
IIII the Switch off the supply, allow the to and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surrounding the with screwdriver or to that the its when the to the and from the first, and then the other to of with regulations. the
IIII the the the following ELPLP14). thirty seconds the of the The the and below the the as as the to the and The hours of to the and Although the displayed hours of there where the characteristics of each and other tions lighting this hours this reason, from OA Inc. from the
Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surround- the cooled sufficiently, and then the cover. hour the to cool sufficiently. and the screw holding the the the screws holding the and then the towards the the as as and then with the screws. the
the cover. the the and then with the screw. the firmly. the switches off the matically when the cover The the and cover with the the the as the The when the with the
This section optional items and service as as specifications, and other technical information. IIII Optional The following optional purchase with MAC ELPAP01 (XGA) ELPDC02 ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 ELPKC19 Soft Carrying ELPKS16 ELPKS24 ELPLP14 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Optional Others
IIII Transportation The and that the following to the from the to the repairs, the which the the of purchase. If the the shock-proof to and then carrying the supplied. Carry board as when the covered the warranty. Transportation
IIII Terminology This section the terminology within the items which and other A/V Temporarily the and sound. The sound and muted the [A/V the Press the [A/V once or the or the to the The that the broadcasts within SVGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and SXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Sync(synchronization) The clearly this with the of the the known as synchronization. Projected to and chronized. VGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and XGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and USB This interface comparitively to the UXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and The of the that light. when the high, and when the through three as Red-Bright (R-Y), Yellow-Bright (Y) and Blue-Bright (B-Y). This the (the red, and and their to clearly. The software to the The EMP with the operates the with the of the operating the the NT operating the operating and the or higher operating Cool-down cooling to the supply switched off and the extinguished. The cooling to when the entinguished, and operations This known as the cooling The amount of the cooling with the surrounding Terminology
strengthening or the tone of the to characters and clearly and tint. This known as Tracking The clearly this with the of the the known as Projected to and chronized. Terminology
IIII Specifications Product EMP-715/505 the and 0.9-inch Height Corner-to-corner TFT 12-phase writing EMP-715 Count EMP-505 (light UHE ELPLP14 rated 150W 1W Sound 240VAC Rated 230W, 5W Approximately Computer/Component Card PCMCIA TYPE II Card Supports CFA Conforms to ATA The USB the operations of that USB. Specifications to +35C (with to +60C (with RCA DIN RCA (L, R) Mouse/Com DIN USB USB B)
IIII of the and the items to with the of the that occurred with The supply switched Nothing the NO SIGNAL The input The to the back) Projection (the displayed) property) LCD Refresh MAC EWS DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The or too which nothing displayed The than the The The clear The or focused. characters The or the or too The or The or The TV and CRT the The displayed ON Information ON SYNC polarity SYNC Refresh Information ON Connector firmly? Specially Switching Negative Negative AUTO NTSC Others EMP Purchasing month the of the and the of and Connector firmly? firmly? switch when
Sound sound heard The too The sound sound MAC EWS the sound DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The displayed Sound Connector firmly? the sound when connected to Sound input firmly? RCA A/V Specially Switching EMP month input when
IIII World-Wide Warranty Terms This includes warranty, which allows the to repaired than forty-five countries of the that covered the terms of warranty stated the terms of warranty the warranty when the purchased each country. The warranty the the following countries: Greece Ireland Norway United <North America and United States of America <South America> Chile and South Thailand The warranty to the following terms and 1)The warranty when the together with the warranty or of purchase issued the country of purchase. 2)The warranty based the warranty terms and established or service countries the instruction The of warranty months from the of purchase. The warranty the of and with the within the of the warranty. The with the of as basic 3)The warranty apply the following a.Defects or optional the to or the instruction c.When repairs or third other than or service through the of optional or tured or otherwise authorized The with the to the of the country of purchase. using the overseas, that specifically that country purchased. of the warranty This of as of the information. If the www.epson.com. World-Wide Warranty Terms
<EUROPE> AUSTRIA EPSON Austria Address: BELGIUM EPSON Address: BULGARIA PROSOFT AI BG-1113 Sofia CROATIA HR-10000 Address: CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 World-Wide Warranty Terms FINLAND geographical excluded) FRANCE EPSON F-92300 Address: GERMANY EPSON D-40549 Address: GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. H-2040 IRELAND ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO- LUXEMBURG EPSON Address: MACEDONIA NETHERLANDS EPSON Address: NORWAY POLAND FOR EVER PL- PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. Address:
DENMARK ITALY EPSON F. (MI) Address: SLOVENIA SLO-1001 SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN At. Address: SWEDEN <NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEAN ISLANDS> CANADA CANADA L4B IJ3 Address: COSTA RICA S.A. Americana, Address: MEXICO S.A. C.V. AV. DF SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 Address: TURKEY TIC. A.S. World-Wide Warranty Terms SLOVAKIA SK-98401 Address: UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ YUGOSLAVIA BS U. S. A. America, Inc. Airport CA90806
<SOUTH AMERICA> ARGENTINA S.A. Aires Address: BRAZIL SP Address: <ASIA OCEANIA> AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street NSW AUSTRALIA Address: HONGKONG EPSON Technical (Information Harbour Road, HONG KONG Address: JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VD Customer Group: JAPAN World-Wide Warranty Terms CHILE Chile S.A. COLOMBIA Address: KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD 17F HANSOL KOREA MALAYSIA EPSON TRADING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. U1, SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Commonwealth Technocentre SINGAPORE PERU S.A. VENEZUELA S.A. TAIWAN EPSON 10F, East Road, Section THAILAND EPSON (Thailand) Tower, South Sathorn Road, Sathorn, Thailand EPSON Technical Tower, Road, Thailand
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EPSON EUROPE B. V. EJ AMSTERDAM, Declares that the Product of LCD ELP-715/505 EMP-715/505 Conforms to the following Directives and Norm(s) Directive 89/336/EEC Directive 73/23/EEC The EN EN EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to tion and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, includ- interference that operation. EPSON of Product LCD EMP-715/505 ELP-715/505 According to 47CFR, and Airport CA Telephone:
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC United States
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this publication only. IBM/International Inc. Windows/Microsoft Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
Printed