of EMP NS Advanced This chapter of EMP NS EMP NS to the of EMP NS the of Wireless LAN Security Countermeasures.......... the and Functions
With the to existing This type of when to and the of the or apply security. Advanced EMP NS and "Advanced LAN With the SSID temporarily the off, its assigned to the to operations from the to their
The leading to the creation of EMP NS the and the the both the the of the LAN This the to to establish while covering the to "Advanced and "Advanced to the of EMP NS wired LAN with the EMP NS the to connected. with the wireless LAN Advanced the of the using wired LAN to establish the the optional Ethernet to the and the the of and the the "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" The incorporates the wireless LAN the The displayed to four with With the switching function and that EMP NS the computers, the and their without the to Distribution function Switching function SSID. The following to with and EMP NS the and then establish with the and the the of with EMP NS such as the and
based the SSID. "Advanced search the search that the connected to. search the of EMP NS displayed. The of each or item EMP NS started, the following the following search the based specified IP or "Advanced search the SSID selected from search You search the network with Profile The of indicated of the following the Currently another the Advanced appears only those with the SSID. The of with connected to disconnected, and and checked, clicking the previously to established with that both the Not found. Searching cleared, that the currently the Once the search and establish
the of EMP NS displayed when found as of search IP to search specified or profile-based search. checked, the of the to The IP displayed. The displayed. The SSID displayed. (only "Advanced IP (only SSID the of those displayed the Select this to other while established. the of search the as the currently of Clear information (only displayed the of the function. this selected, and Select this when the Whenever with clicked once displayed. You the such as the when EMP NS started. option options
LAN Security Countermeasures To these the with the following One of the of wireless LAN that to easily within the of the such as walls, the of the On the other hand, waves through intercepted, and the breached without waves, with wireless LAN through security waves. security and intercepted, should deciphered. Whenever establish "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" and unauthorized third from connecting to and which that the wireless to the the The this when wireless LAN "Advanced to establish (Authentication)
Indicates the of the Stop established. This allows to and The displayed the EMP NS and the with the the used. the of while connecting to the While projected. While output from the To the or to or while the A/V function. Also, or canceled. Stop and Functions Select of when connected to the The the While from the Slideshow the Slideshow presented, Slideshow presented, the projected. when displayed, and It to specify when to to the to that the function or "ALL" that of the connected connected The below the that to from of that the following to displayed. Clicking While the connected to the the "AV from both the and the operating "Switch PC and "Switch Indicates the of assigned of the of the that from the Indicates the of the Select the to
the performance the of options the following to displayed. Clicking This displayed when the the the increases, the of Disconnects the to the Wireless LAN Used to immediately back intensity Disconnect using this the as when the Switch Switch PC Switch PC A/V A/V The switched as follows. The as switched. Switch Normal This switches to the input from to the input or input this clicked, the switched that and that from the connected through the from the connected to the input EMP NS the Switch Screen Clicking this of the with the to appear. Clicking each each to to full-screen.
EMP NS Functions of the Function............................................................................. the the only)......................... Allocating the to The projected..................................... Procedure the directly to or that which allows to to from This section those that or when such as the to Slideshow Supported back from
Projecting Slideshow the displayed. This when only when Slideshow to with to the Slideshow. with the If necessary, another to the Click the Procedure C the to
from back Procedure smoother than when Also, the the as the there they played back repeatedly and directly to the and the from PC. Select the The appears. and the "OK" the The selection displayed. Click the reception, the and sound or only. It to apply to than the and the C Click the "Select The the following Supported back. MPEG with sound played The MPEG1 Linear PCM and AC-3 played MPEG2 back. to which DRM Rights projected. Notes type
from the operation buttons below to and the Select the to back and then the back from the of the that the that back the back. Repeatedly back the there the to repeatedly back of those Click the to back from the of the fast-forwards the that back. The reappears. The selected to the
the the that to when or from to right. of the and each the This function Whereas the to the allows to from with to the of the Macintosh, the operation to the With displays the the connected to the to the of the function. that connected to the physically connected specifications. of of of
Procedure the Function and the Macintosh, the necessary. both the as then the to the the to projected, and to the the Allocating the to that connected through to the and then projection. The allocated of Slideshow
Click the "OK" The following to the the At this the to the to "OK", the the the Those users below to or (Macintosh). this operation. the the only) Those users who displays EMP NS Those who computers. EMP NS the of the displays and the The follow the below. the Macintosh, to separately, below. the then to used, three such that to displays, The EPSON displayed. to four this the to used. (or "EPSON of the displays selected. as displays as necessary. Procedure To EMP NS (or "EPSON "EMP NS Procedure
Click the the and buttons the of the C Click the The displayed.
the appears as follows, connected. the displayed and where the the while the assigned to the terminals to those of the the PC the the right. physical Click the "OK" The Properties" to this the fixed. to the the of the secondary other than the displayed the the and that connected as secondary the that screen projected. the type shown other than "secondary".
C Click the the EMP NS EMP NS "Applications" of the which EMP NS and then EMP NS Double-click the Select "Advanced and then The "Advanced displayed. Select the The displayed. and the of the
the and where Click the button. to this the fixed. the to Displays.
The following to the using The allocated The following to the Allocating the to Select the of the to to and which to from which Procedure the which the and the appears the while the appears the the right. the to the right it and where the to the to the projected. the the to and Procedure Click the
C To terminate "Disconnect" the The allocated to each the the EPSON such that the the using clear the when of the location of the such that the the of the there of the To "Add/Remove EPSON the To clear the following. Colour Several You each tone. the while the the the of the such that To mouse-based operations the to the To the the the appears the
Connecting to This chapter to to wired LAN or wireless LAN existing Connecting to only) Searching Specifying the IP and "Advanced Performing search with Searching Specifying
Connecting to The IP input directly. Also, the of the the found. as the Therefore, search this searches the You however, and to connected the DNS Specify IP or and search that as follows. search. then that whenever to search Once search specifying IP or the search as with easy-to-remember and Performing search based "AirPort: On" or whether there that whether to "On". whether If search to the as follows. Proceed as the The wireless LAN of or selected. both and the of the the with the selected.
to to, and the "OK" the IP or the the Searching Specifying the IP and "Advanced only) the following otherwise noted, You when Macintosh. used. using that the search as that the found the search, The of the search shown the EMP NS such that to the that and then the to every search. selection establish Click search" the EMP NS selection Procedure the SSID. there of the search field SSID. search"
to previously Profiles searched Profile Performing search with the search using the IP and where and them with the containing of the information to specifying that whenever search, You search as such as the its IP and SSID. creating of each found quickly. selection the the displayed the EMP NS the "Searching Specifying the IP and to "Advanced only)". Procedure Location Location Location This section to and Location Location C Location The the displayed.
Performing search with and then the button. to If previously prompted to If created whether that To with and selecting the the the following displayed. the information the
Performing search with From the that displayed, the to to. You search specifying the created. Searching Specifying Profile The search the EMP NS and then to establish the identified, that selection Click the EMP NS If selection Procedure
Performing search with C the the You the and the hierarchical of the Profile Click the options" the EMP NS The displayed. Click the Procedure Indicates Indicates The displayed.
Performing search with You the You creating You the of the or the Profile Function Item Profile You the The the as the with the Copy You the and the or the You to characters the You the and the You You the information the You as as and You the information. information the Used when to to and Information selected Function Item IP or and the Click "OK".
the EMP NS You the such as the when EMP NS started. Performance the EMP NS
the EMP NS You the such as the when the option from the EMP NS EMP NS started. Click the options" the EMP NS Procedure Confirm the of the items the the the "OK" to the each of the items. options" The displayed.
the EMP NS the full-screen If, however, that the only full-screen full-screen and intercepted, deciphered. "Encrypt". the already "Advanced whether or the the when EMP NS started. checkbox. Selection Encrypt The displayed. Select of the following to search the that to when EMP NS "Search with the network "Specify search search started. Search when necessary to switch the search. when wired LAN to search when The "Switch LAN" displayed. This of the to as the Switch LAN
the EMP NS Performance the the this to to them The layered when such as whether or to layered the The performance to "Normal", and to when interrupted. Performance layered the the performance displayed.
to and This chapter to that connected to the to and to the the IP of the the Items the that Function If the Notification Function to SNMP
the the Procedure If, however, You and the from the of the buttons and operations remotely of that connected to the this function used. the Microsoft or as the If characters the properly. of the browser, and the the IP of the the the displayed. "Network ON" the of the and with to the (when the off). Items the that the items the with the of the "Operation" "High following items. You items that usually the The reflected the with the following The items each the as the of of the specifying the IP of the as follows when using "Advanced the IP of the If to displayed. To the to with other than "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" The "MAC Address" displayed.
The IP the where the abnormality First The of the where the abnormality Third and of the abnormality Subject: EPSON the Function to to the to of with when or warning with This the function from the locations from the The of the abnormality with abnormalities/warnings, The following the shown the "Reading the Indicators" and with to "Network ON" the of the recorded, and If and the to of three to to three once. of the (when the off). high occurred. (Overheating) shown Item internal occurred. occurred. occurred. occurred. occurred. related cover The Select from the and the function. "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" Function the the and that the input to the supply the connected turned the with The or the of the occurred the high occurred. It to the High-speed cooling Network to allow the and to wireless LAN the "Advanced or the "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" Also, the following wired LAN the function to "On" and the abnormal/warning the following If
to when or warning with This when SNMP the from them. SNMP The function SNMP SNMP should or The SNMP function to the SNMP to the wireless LAN the to IP who with the "Network (EMP-1715/1705 To SNMP, "SNMP" from the Only)" "SNMP
Presentations PC This chapter with EMP and to and PC and that PC PC Projecting USB Slideshow the that Projected PC Projecting and (Slideshow) and PC Operations.................................. Starting and Closing PC Starting PC Closing PC and PC Operations Rotating the Conditions and Operation and
back. MPEG with sound played The MPEG1 Linear PCM and AC-3 played MPEG2 back. Notes type that PC and You PC to and USB (where DPOF to projected. DPOF when back and with BGM (when back correctly or the sound or USB using AC If USB with higher the or USB If with JPEG with the and MPEG to which DRM Rights JPEG the connected to the The with the projected. clearly too high. Format the the FAT16/32 supply. USB that incorporate security functions used. that Projected PC Notes type The following PC These created using You as BGM combining and instructions creating EMP that with the EMP- You created the You as they or the of creation. ELP-735/715/505. with than with than and with CMYK than with than
that Projected PC and If that then USB memory, then EMP the Slideshow the Slideshow without the Projecting USB PC to USB Convert and played back using of the following One to the while another displayed the Convert and "Turning The playback the to as follows to playback "Projecting Select and and and them continuously (Slideshow) with BGM
USB connected, Press the [EasyMP] the Then, the displayed. of USB displayed the and and USB PC back and from This section the of PC PC Operations or USB "Connecting of the following to the USB Devices (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" Starting and Closing PC Starting PC Procedure "Connecting USB (EMP-1715/1705 USB (when memory Only)"
PC Operations that as thumbnails displayed as the following C the button the to the to the the and then PC and the of the USB the MPEG JPEG PNG BMP GIF displayed as Other or JPEG and MPEG displayed as thumbnails displayed as
PC Operations Closing PC Procedure If the and USB connected highest priority. If to from back, If the USB that this played back as the to the the following displayed. the the the the to the the PC and the displayed. Press the the JPEG displayed as instead of thumbnails. this displayed.
PC Operations when the and the selected, the to immediately without the the selected, the specify the displayed. and or the USB C turning off the to the from the USB the and the following operations selected and the PC and the EasyMP displayed, the USB and If the USB connected when PC The The following displayed. selected and the Slideshow The to back. the type, of following displayed. To the operation and Conditions and
PC Operations Press the the The displayed. The following the procedures and PC the to back immediately. There and back using PC Operations the the to the the or to access. Procedure and displays the within the Select the that and the to to the previous Cursor C Select the item from the and the the selected operation and the options the Slideshow the or the Slideshow To to the previous the the If and the the the the or the to the "Next and and the the or the the "Previous the the
PC Operations You JPEG when them with PC The rotating function the Slideshow. JPEG the following the or JPEG or To JPEG Slideshow. To Procedure While JPEG the The when the the to the or right. as shown below. Right To Slideshows Right Right Right
C Press the the This section the USB and the operations playback. to the USB to the using the using EMP and then the function. While the and when "Advance" to "On click", and to reached the to the If "Advance" to "Automatically once to the If selected, the repeated from the and PC Procedure rewound and playback. The that included fast- The the "Advance" EMP You JPEG the while they projected. the the the the to The of the USB displayed.
Projecting The following operations the while concerning each function the The following of the when the and Sound Temporarily (A/V or with PC A/V displayed when the selecting The to the the and the playback selecting the and the Proceed to the or to the Switching of the
the displayed and or and then the The or the or to back. C Press the the to back. and This function the of USB PC from and and of and This function to of the following and (Slideshow). the USB this The USB when back PC correctly. Projecting Procedure The of the connected or USB displayed. the the to the the or to projected. PC
Projecting and You the and This function "Slideshow". the Slideshow the following and (Slideshow) While Press the the While Press the To to the the following the then the operation. repeatedly and to the when switched. To the and switching the PC option to when Slideshow, the You such as other than The of the connected or USB displayed. PC Procedure JPEG rotated that to the Slideshow then to the the the displayed, To the the the the displayed. and the the You the following operations using the while fast-forwarding, or Three fast-forward/rewind and the To to playback, the each the pressed. Fast-forward: the to the right the the to the while
Projecting and from the when the The Slideshow and the and automatically. If "Continuous to "ON" the the the then the projected, the displayed C Select "Slideshow" from the of the the the reached. as with to the to the or playback of Slideshow. Presentation" If the switching to Slideshow. Press the or the the when to to the
You the of the to displayed. You of the or and Conditions and You the and back or as Slideshow PC Procedure If to apply the the the the the "OK" and then C the the to and the the The applied. positioning the the item and the the of the items below. each of the items. You the to displayed when Slideshow. You and s. Transition), You whether to the Slideshow. This the switching Continuous the the to the the where to
EMP Summary This chapter to and These................................................72 from Computer.............................................................. the Checking the Projection that Can Included Turning without Converting operation Starting and creation Including Including Including selected while checking thumbnails Including and Editing and the of
of USB "Connecting USB Devices (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" EMP should the EMP Wireless LAN Software" and as created with extracting the of and of and allows to easily and efficiently them without the EMP Summary From Creating and and Converting without From On the the EMP and the to There of EMP Conversion EMP From the Starting and the created to them USB connected to the Then, the USB to the that the function to the Projecting PC
the "Slideshow" reflected to and Effects other than those Strips The following and to Swivel Fly that Can Included of the following combined to Notes CMYK and played back. than with Microsoft Microsoft the to played back as they the to USB the that the and the and with PC connecting the USB to the The following whether created the included software of other EMP of this that of or the as DVD header AC-3 played back. MPEG1 Linear PCM and each GOP) The played back. MPEG2-PS EMP Can with this Software Can EMP EMP-765/755/745/737 EMP-1815/1825 EMP-1715/1705 EMP-7950/7850 EMP-835 ELP-735 PCM, EMP ELP-8150/8150NL EMP ELP-715/505
the animations following animations reflected Strips other than those creating with to the the Swivel Fly Turning converted to the following four methods.When to as or "Converting operation without of the batch-converted Batch without EMP the batch to or then to another "Starting and Include from the The created with with high quality, to "Normal" from "Highest Quality", "High Quality", and "Normal". to Reflection Quality The following shows the to Select the and then them to Include only the from the thumbnails Not reflected operation Reflected "Normal" Continuous operation Reflected Quality", "High Quality" and Select from "Highest "Normal" Quality", "High Quality" and Select from "Highest "Normal" creation the creating the displayed.
C the and the Converting operation without The following created easily, without EMP started. EMP the incorporated, they include the with with this that the following EMP first. the and the If the Slideshow the without It the to The Slideshow displayed created. the to the and them as batch.Select that, this to of EMP the the USB that the to the Procedure Once the Slideshow reaches the the The displayed. EMP
Converting without connected and the "OK" Select the and the where the USB to of (where
Starting and Procedure that Can Included The to combined to such as the following creating and created used. (or "EPSON EMP and the displayed. the then "EMP each of the items with reference to the following then the "OK" EMP and the (such as background and quality). created with the following creation "Including and Include the to the "Including Once the created, the Sort the included the to the
and The the "Properties" of EMP of to alphabetic characters the the created to the The characters of the and the directory the to or and the of while creating the The of the Specify where to the to the as the of the selecting the the clicking the The (WAVE selection this selected. On this the to If would to BGM the Stop clicking the the the right. as BGM. BGM and This item the You the from "Highest "High Quality" and If If JPEG included directly and "High Quality" recommended. JPEG when the converted to JPEG this and the JPEG with its to other "Highest the With EMP each Quality Selects the background the Background
and included with the following methods.The including the release the Batch Including Including The following displayed. If include only selection of the that with with this the incorporated, they include the Including selected when thumbnails using of of This to included played back the individually to of the that clicked the to the EMP the EMP The the that selected the appear
Starting and displayed and the included with this to creation the the the to the Including effective. that .JPG: with the USB that the to the Procedure smoothly when played the to or Although animations the them the If of EMP animations the the the of to to that their To animations when they included the EMP that .EMA: with retained the then EMP and the displayed. (or "EPSON "EMP C the the containing the the
Starting and the and the the from the the the to the The to and the Slideshow the Slideshow canceled. that the If the the the Slideshow, created. automatically. The to the of the the Slideshow the displayed. connected and the "OK" Select the and the where the USB the and the to of creating with that easily and operation.
Starting and Including and and included Including selected while thumbnails include the animations that that when this to the following to selected from The selected the Double-click the thumbnails that to include the Click the the Procedure selected the and the Once the selected, of the of the selected then to the Click the the thumbnail If that already selected, becomes To than and include them once, that selected. where to unselected. The that the as Click the the the Click the of the the The of the displayed the the of the thumbnail Procedure to of
Starting and With PC the the You and and from or their to the from the top. Editing C Double-click the of the the The selected the and included the and Procedure To batch than the the while clicking the to and the where Once the to selected, of the selected the of the selected then to the to the and them the that displayed the that the or where they to To of the selected the white the You and the or to them to the The to
and Procedure Right-click the to and then "Clear" or from the shortcut the of Procedure You the shortcut and the to the The to then of
displayed. the and the where the to the USB connected and the "OK" It to and of The function To created the the to USB using EMP Specify USB or USB that connected to the USB as the C displayed, It to the selected. the "OK" and to PC with the as the and converted to and the created created and each to If without the with the as the created the Each Also, with the as the the the to the displayed. to the and then Once the USB Procedure
To from the first once of the repeatedly whether to If to the the to the "OK" and to selecting Option" specified the EasyMPs PC If there or they played back from the top the within the displayed the the the the the "OK" the USB from the the the finishing the USB to the and using PC with or with To to when the The displayed the the right turned the the and using and as selected. the
the when "Automatically selected "Advance". playback and to the first Stop The following shows the of each You created played back PC of the of the such as BGM, played. Checking the from These to the previous or to the effects to the performance. The or The following the Also, this when "On click" "Advance". Proceeds to the or shows the performance. At this the Select Preview". the to EMP Procedure first there and then the the of the At from to right as the The the right of the the of BGM. The Preview" displayed. the top right of the to the C the Fast-forward Stop
These or each this right-click the of each the You the that the the and Properties". With EMP to the the The following animations reflected as when they included the them the If If animations included playback. To animations to to that their to or the animations smoothly the the following You which animations those Strips Swivel Fly holding the or the the right-click and then the or animations, Right-click the or the and Procedure Select Option" Conversion Click the displayed. EMP Procedure C the animation.
These "Automatically selected, the switching from to seconds.When "On click" selected, switch the or buttons the Select the "Direction" the You the effects to screen The from the Fly: The from the The following of the effects. specified. selected. Effects the items with reference to the following and The displayed. each of then the "OK"
Supported Color.....................................................................76 of Connecting......................................................76 Others.................................................................................76 Troubleshooting
The of projected. the following apply. Confirm these of EMP NS Supported About The and About of Connecting following the as the You to with higher than The following projected. the SVGA VGA UXGA. XGA If the of the wireless LAN the might off easily and There when the the and the Applications that of DirectX played back, they back as smoothly as MS-DOS only) the match exactly. when displayed the correctly. only) transmitted. You to You to four to and Others the following displayed, the to SXGA or Supported when function UXGA SXGA+ SXGA SXGA this the projected, If with where the ratio of height and to the the selected from the of One or connected than SXGA. the and
concerning and EMP If of the following to the each concerning Troubleshooting when EMP or the with EMP abnormality the EMP NS the as and from another "Advanced or wired LAN The found when EMP NS to the when the function executed. Applications displayed from the The Slideshow the when the function executed. The the the refreshed when EMP NS Office displayed, the to appear, or the The and sound with EMP NS or EMP NS Slideshow when EMP NS when EMP with EMP
Troubleshooting ERR ERR the of the the and the following to the using EMP NS the as and from another using EMP NS EMP NS using USB the USB to EasyMP. the of traffic, and EMP NS while. Wireless Turn the the off and then back to the operation. Communication off from the when another to with the and with the that trying to the from the and the the from the and To off from the the Therefore, when the or know the With EMP NS the with the that previously connected off off the and, operation, to the the know the off off, from the Wireless LAN the the without off the
Troubleshooting that the wireless LAN securely connected. the wireless LAN connected? The found when EMP NS SSID that from that of the "Network (EMP-1715/ Only)" the SSID the as that of the While the displayed, becomes the and to the the that LAN the and the LAN and the built-in LAN function Wireless LAN If the LAN the with EMP or "Network and the used. NS selected correctly. EMP NS and to "Switch LAN" the the from found search. the and the or and their to the Turn OFF the DHCP function LAN from the "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" the DHCP function LAN turned ON? the wireless LAN. the selected correctly with EMP NS there the and the or when the wireless LAN the wireless LAN It with and and with other such as to off the firewall or the firewall as the necessary The EMP NS and to the the to the wireless LAN wave to the wireless LAN to or the firewall turned off, or the firewall as LAN that the connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the network connected correctly? LAN Wired LAN
Troubleshooting the the and the to the SSID. "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" the SSID "Advanced or wired LAN selecting WEP from "Security", the the and the to the WEP "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" the WEP DHCP, each "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" the to allow from the and correctly the such as MAC the the IP the and the the and the correctly? To and or displays, or the of displays to the Slideshow. or earlier Select search" from EMP NS the IP and Applications from the when the function executed. The Slideshow displayed the when the function executed. the and the EPSON another the this "EPSON VirtualDisplay" to another the The the the the displayed. EPSON The displayed the computer's
Troubleshooting The and sound with EMP NS displayed, the to appear, or the or the the back displayed, and the displayed normally. to back with or to the preview? DHCP "Advanced or wired LAN DHCP that connected to found, to DHCP? back EMP NS first back. If EMP NS back and the and this the playback or and The when WEP effective or connected. WEP effective, or connected? EMP NS while or the and the wave there when the and sound the function, "Advanced or wireless LAN with EMP NS first. Slideshow might connecting while started. using EMP NS Slideshow EMP NS while wireless LAN the the updated. If the the the continuously? EMP NS the refreshed when using Office specify with EMP the JPEG the Microsoft Office the JPEG created with and edited with EMP You with or as thumbnail, If included the Microsoft Office JPEG with used?
Troubleshooting to If the the and the the to the "Network (EMP- the EasyMP. Only)". to to the when EMP NS the clicked, to the The the and the The the and the other You to to that connected to another the clicked, it to the other off. the displayed the and the displayed the and the The match. The selected to the process? the that the the connecting to which the off and then reconnected, the the that displayed. Wireless LAN the the to the "Network (EMP- the the and the network the the the the the and the If the following. the following Only)". to network information. EMP NS If the appears, and then EMP NS Wireless LAN Software" to EMP NS There ELP-735 the the to SXGA or than SXGA. the One or connected and the to the "Network (EMP- You to the the and the the Only)". There that respond. the the and the the displayed the
Troubleshooting the LAN manually. the started, the to the wireless LAN manually? the of the with the to selected. the the the to the the that the the that already to when EMP the the selected. .SIT already Select and the or search using the search function and The containing the with EMP The to another with EMP The the to found. of the following. The trying to the containing the the the containing the that the the that includes the included. the that includes the The accessing. The trying to to the corrupted or because incorrect. another The specified the "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" the correct? with this already the and then Specify or directory that the wireless LAN securely connected. the wireless LAN connected? abnormality the If, the the or the the to the World-Wide Warranty To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? abnormality and the to
Troubleshooting that the connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the connected correctly? that or functioning correctly. to the the "Network (EMP-1715/1705 Only)" the correct? that the wireless LAN securely connected. the wireless LAN connected? Uninstall and then EMP EMP correctly the or the with EMP Wireless LAN Wired LAN them to the and EMP To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? that the connected correctly. connected or connected properly. the connected correctly? that or functioning correctly. to the of the that to and to the Wired LAN (wireless LAN)" the that used.When selected whether the the to to, the LAN or "Advanced Next, the "IP the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" and the "IP Address" manually. EMP and from "Wireless LAN", the to "Advanced from the and The the If the "Network The incorrect. when EMP to the the IP that If the the and the the Wireless LAN
of Format, this recording information that to of and to with recording such as memory cards. DPOF This section easily terms that with the and terms that the text of this to other publications. of Network Interface Specification, this the of to such as wireless LAN the Microsoft and It OS, software, and to as as regulations and cards. NDIS DVI the computers, to to with of Interface, this the which than DFP, and there function the DVI of The MAC ID to each assigned to each and transmitted based this MAC used, information to each when there wireless LAN "RADIUS" of Remote Authentication Service, this that wireless LAN and authentication to wireless LAN with information such as and RADIUS authentication of services. RADIUS with authentication that RADIUS and the and the users RADIUS type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. UXGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA of Universal this interface to relatively low-speed peripherals computers. USB Communication there too wireless using the this interference from other wireless wireless each wireless LAN operations Also, because the authentication often advanced authentication effective as to authentication. authentication used, user information and user authentication security countermeasure. Authentication of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without It to with or type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA The output to displays. created using displays.
of this software based the of the or of Microsoft Corporation the U.S of Inc. the and IBM of International and of Apple Inc. and DNX of Inc. of Corporation. United States of America and other of and/or other countries. Notice: JPEG Group. Corporation. mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. rights of this reproduced, Neither from the of the with to the of the information or transmitted or information incurred the purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or comply with Corporations operating and to this or the U.S.) to strictly instructions. This includes RSA BSAFE Cryptographic software from RSA RSA and BSAFE or of RSA WPA This includes Cryptographic software from Security Inc. the United States and/or other RSA Security of TOSHIBA INFORMATION TOSHIBA INFORMATION SYSTEMS CORPORATION. SYSTEMS CORPORATION the Inc. rights Security Inc. from the of options or products Corporation or other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Other and of their respective owners. and rights those and this publication from and The of this or without further SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights
the free software concerned) the of the The free software included this the of the LGPL as as the author the (written issued this indicated Microsoft shot(s) with from Microsoft Corporation. Copyright: Furthermore, there free software of this (including that with the software concerned) influence the of the each author, the and the as the free software the terms of the LGPL, this the characteristics of the software that already this the following free software this Copyright Inc. Copyright and (written issued this Copyright Copyright Other software This software as as software to which this The following information the software this Software Copyright: the rights. to and/or the free software This software this the of the free software this based the LGPL. You the text of the LGPL the following This the of the LGPL, the the as the the GNU LESSER (henceforth "LGPL") or concerned. LGPL or warranty what The includes, rights (including, to, rights, copyrights, and of and third to, business Please follow the of the LGPL when reproducing, Also, the free software concerned offered "as with and/or the free software concerned. shown the the terms of the LGPL, this (including that with there the free software included this
rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA to and of this it allowed. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that of the To this, clear that everyone's free or The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to Preamble The terms and and follow. of software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know their rights.
You that or that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole to third the of this GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the Each as the interactive normally such If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the user to of this based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You the to that the and the of
though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: You to this However, nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its and copying, or the or based with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and software or, Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and the or with such offer, with Subsection If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the
the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that only or excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and
If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these to Apply These Terms to New END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF MODIFY CONSEQUENTIAL MAY THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WHO OR PARTY INCIDENTAL OTHER SPECIAL, ANY You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. If the interactive, this when information to and interactive Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type
Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this of Coon, of of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that informed that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or
The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they their rights. there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to free software only, the rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of this Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or library, the of the of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of
copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software functions and/or as to with (which of those and to other than as when the facility then If facility the to function or of to that the facility, to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and output from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each
If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. If such and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section Once this it that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option useful when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the which distributed the of Sections and software the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the
the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the customer's and such If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that the with the the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections
royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library. with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and or the or based This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these and You further the of the rights You third with this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would
BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE OR REPAIR THE SERVICING, TO, LIMITED NECESSARY NOT BUT ALL CORRECTION. INCLUDING, OF COST NO WARRANTY Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF MODIFY CONSEQUENTIAL MAY THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WHO OR PARTY INCIDENTAL OTHER SPECIAL, ANY
You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the information to and If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary to Apply These Terms to New END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS Inc., copyright the written of Coon, of That's there to To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA