Printed 01.08-.1A(C01) DICF43 cover-F English
IBM/International Inc. Windows/Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those REV.0 BK English and covers. the injury. as specifically directed this to service this yourself. servicing to service covers the the Warning: and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the the the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: property of their owners and this only. The following and the Please the following information about Warning: switched as the bright light the when the when the Warning: Information rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Information
C
Introduction lightweight EPSON EMP-713/703/503 and You to PC or Apple such as or You each displayed XGA of (EMP-713/703) and SVGA of (EMP-503). bright that easily light enough to AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization of from You through with switching and The as wireless to operations
Introduction the DAR Active which VGA~UXGA (The EMP-503 UXGA). what type of used, the of clarity. The NTSC, NTSC4.43, NTSC50, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60 or SECAM or S- Chapter and
the of Optional with of that to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. To of the EPSON the following optional ELPDC01 (XGA) ELPDC02 (PAL/NTSC) ELPDC03 ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 ELPKC10 Soft Carrying PC) ELPKS16 Soft Carrying ELPKS24 ELPLP14 ELPSC06 Screen ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Mount ELPMB09 You purchase these from necessary to the from the Please with to the from the when the of
About This Introduction Chapter Installation, instructions to the and to or other or PA the procedures that apply to Chapter the to switch the on/off and using the or the operation the to the to the and the of the and Chapter to and Chapter Troubleshooting, to lights and helpful information and Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical and the of the
Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the or the near or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or electricity the near where the easily the three-pin grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following when the to comply with these or fire. the outlet with the the outlets, cords or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. Instructions
Introduction the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or removing covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service If or the housing the other from where purchased the that country.
Where to World If or first Chapter Troubleshooting. If the the the section World Warranty the of this please the following information ready: Product Product of the If to the and to World Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON Corporate Info and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chart To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON Where to
Transporting EPSON incurred Introduction The and If to please follow these to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the business first the carrying then firm cushioning around the
his chapter to and and to other The connected to or such as or You to the or of the following: the to the as wireless or both The the or another such as to or PA to amplify the
the the these Remote AA (A/V PS/2 USB Softcase the of these to the the It should its or the
Additional You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right to the these To (One usually with each To the to (One by/or purchased from Apple that If include To the to or other You these items from If the the
the the the This the Warning: the when the There that the might though The light from the It that should to the the within of the or the from the The the and the the the below to the from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Turn the that the right to the If the correctly, the crooked. of the to the the other to earthed The should indicated
To the the off the cover. the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover. batteries, the following recharge the or to fire or as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the using the of the
Connecting to You the to of VGA, SVGA, XGA, SXGA and UXGA (The EMP-503 UXGA). To the and (to the wireless as the section this chapter that to The below the interface the back of the to to this as or other to the Mouse/Com USB
Connecting to PC the location of the to Connecting the To the to PC to: the the with Follow the each section the to off the and they to this while following the below. Connecting to
Connecting the The USB the USB It to other USB If the as as the the from the the back of of the to the the other of the to the the screws If to the as to the PS/2 or USB to this while following the below. USB Mouse/Com USB PS/2
Connecting the the of the PS/2 or, the USB to the Mouse/Com or USB the from the the back of and with the other of the PS/2 or USB while the as If of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound Connecting to
Connecting to PC Connecting the To the to PC to: the the to the as the with Follow the each section the to off the and they the location of the to First the to of the to the the other of the to the the screws
Connecting the If to the as to the PS/2 or USB The USB the USB It to other USB to this while following the below. Mouse/Com the of the PS/2 or USB to the Mouse/Com or USB the the of the PS/2 or USB to the or USB to with USB PS/2 Connecting to
Connecting the You to the to appear both the and the this with the function or the or instructions. If of the to the the the other of the to
Connecting to Connecting the To the to Macintosh, to: the the to the as the with Follow the each section the to off the and they the location of the to the to this as follow the below. Connecting to
of the to the the cover the and its DIP switches with the to (such as 16-inch instructions.
Connecting the the of the to the other of the the (with the attached) to the Macintosh. If to the as to the USB The USB the only connecting USB It to other USB to this while following the below. USB Connecting to
Connecting the of the USB to the USB the the other of the USB to the Macintosh. If using of the to the the the other of the to the
Connecting to Connecting the to to the To the to to: the the to the as the with Follow the each section the to off the and they the location of match the the locations necessary. First the to this as follow the below. Connecting to
allow to the directly to the without information of the to the the cover the and its DIP switches with the to (such as 16-inch instructions.
the of the to the other of the the (with the optional to the the If with the of the to the the back of the the other to the the of the Connecting to
Connecting the The USB the only USB It to other USB If to the as to the USB to this while following the below. of the USB to the USB the USB
Connecting the the and to choose Mirroring the to the LCD as as the the other of the USB to the the back of the If of the to the the the other of the to the Connecting to
Connecting to Source The with You VCR, DVD player, or other to The or RCA four-pin You the to and the The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the However, that detected. Chapter that the then to only type of The type of to the to the whether or the RCA and RCA with the the with or from or RCA To to the Turn off the and they
If round, one-prong (RCA) the RCA that with the If round, four-prong to purchase the or the that with the RCA of the RCA to the the other yellow RCA to the of the RCA to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the RCA to the of the of the the other the of RCA Connecting to Source RCA
the RCA to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the RCA to the of the
Connecting to or PA The internal when used. Although the internal enough or the to or (PA) or to To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 You from Turn off the and or PA they the to the the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the Connecting to or PA
the his chapter the following information about using Turning the and off Focusing and positioning the the with the and the operation the operating
The below the of foot operation front foot
Turning the On and Turning the On and Warning: the when the This It that children allowed to the turning the or off with the to the first with the switch. Turn the and its attached the following from or or PA necessary) off the the the the cord, the flashes seconds. Then the light Press the the or The flashes as the the this light If or attached, the or projected. Turning the On and
If the to the back while the operation there appears. the to off the appears. If to turn off the the If to off the The and the about as the cools the cooled the operation flashing and
Focusing and Positioning the Screen appears the that and correctly the To the the (the outer the To the of the the the and Focusing and Positioning the Screen
the its This the If to or the the or the the of the as follows: the and the front of it while the foot the This the they and freely. the While the foot or the the correctly. Release the to the their To the height of the the clockwise to the height or anti-clockwise to
The allows to the of input from With to XGA the EMP-713/ or SVGA the EMP-503, choose from You the the of the area(Window or the You choose from with than XGA the EMP-713/703 or SVGA the EMP-503 of the or the The reduces the to the The with XGA the EMP-713/703 or SVGA the EMP-503 the the choose aspect ratio or Focusing and Positioning the
the You the top of the or the to the following Turn the or off of the Switch input (Computer, the to the and the the Temporarily or functions the
the Remote The to commands these light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the receiver; or other (such as heater). Correct these to the or the from To the the receivers located the front of the To to the as the to the and You the to from the A/V R/C ON OFF the
This the functions the Function the or the A/V off the and of the To the and the A/V or Pressing the right of the the the of the reduces the To of the which of the the to the the or off. buttons to that assigned the the to the or the as when the connected to the with the and the You option the of this If the when or displayed, the or the the acts as the click. Lights buttons the seconds. Terminates the function. If the when or displayed, back to the or the the acts as the right click. or the the
Function Switches to the from Computer. Switches to the from Switches to the from the Switches the and subscreen the To the subscreen, the once. To the To the subscreen displayed, the following [P P]. The as follows; Subscreen input source:Computer Subscreen input To the subscreen the The subscreen to the selected the the
the Source You the to the instead of the and the using the The following the functions the operation Function the or off. the Source Switches the of S- If there input, the switch and Selects option when the displayed. to Select Scrolls and or right and when the displayed.
serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to warning light The and the top of the its operating (The Flashing The and Flashing Projection off, and the cooling Cooling the the cooling, other operations There internal The
This off when the functioning normally. The to replaced. Flashing reached the to and the with Flashing There with the supply, or malfunctioned the the internal This off when the The functioning normally. Flashing The too
The turned off of heating. The off and becomes approximately with the that passed, the once, then If the the following and the the with the and covered, and that the the If the the the recover to the the and the If the overheats when the and when displayed the when the turned the of the then repairs the where purchased or the service office the Flashing There with the cooling or the of the then repairs the where purchased or the service office the
the to The the and of the whether the or The features, such as the tone The Effect the Effects buttons the The The features such as background or The Advanced to The About information about H/ and hours The to their factory
Accessing the To the the the The appears: Advanced About ON OFF :Select Press the to the Tracking Brightness Sharpness
To Press the the to the Press the top or of the to through the Press the to A/V R/C ON OFF A/V A/V R/C ON OFF R/C ON OFF
The options whether the the or of options appears to the right. Effect Advanced About :Select Press the top or of the to through the Press the right or of the to of the finished the to the or the to back to the automatically. Position Brightness Sharpness Select
Computer) The connected and operating, and the the to to these options. The to the The following options when the Computer. item Select this item the to the Then the to the the the to to the Tracking Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the with the tracking from the this to or Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light lighter and Decrease to the light and areas.
item the (Red:Green:Blue) of the input Select this item the button. The the to Next, the to the selected Increase the or the Sharpness the sharpness. Increase the sharpness or to On to the the the imagery items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
The to and the (such as VCR or connected and operating to these options the actually from VCR). The to the The following options when the item Select this item the to the Then the to the the the to to the Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. Increase the and Decrease lighter and the of the Increase to (NTSC only) or to red. This only with NTSC Sharpness the sharpness. Increase the sharpness to or to the the imagery
item the from NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL SECAM. items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without The related to item the the and the sound quality. items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
Effect the to what when the Effects the and to the item Cursor/Stamp Selects the to as the graphic and Selects the and Selects the and Selects the and Cursor Selects the to or High. items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without The or the item the to Selects the or the subscreen.
item whether or displays when the Prompt Temporarily displays the to which or the A/V off/on the of the clears effects, and displays or You to off or the when there input items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without The the Creating user the to the A/V
the the or other while the Follow these to and the image(with the to as Press the to the Select the option the Then the to the The the as appears the Choose or or right of the button. Then choose the selection appear the To the of the to as the the Once selected the the The this appears the Select and the If to the Next, the appears the the arrow buttons, then the The this appears the Select and the If to the the the user completed appears the the or to the
the to the A/V Follow these to the to the A/V Press the to the the and the button. the option (A/V then highlight Press the the A/V the to the user Selecting the option the to their factory It or user You prompted to the action. Select or then the to the
Advanced The Advanced to item Selects the from English, Spanish, Chinese and the the the the whiteness and of the Increasing the the whiteness and Decreasing the the whiteness and Rear Mirrors the it when from Selecting ON while OFF off the when the from the Selecting ON this while OFF off items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
About The About displays the following information about or item the of hours the used. The light when the to replaced. this the with as as the and of the SYNC Polarity the polarity of the SYNC the of the the of the Refresh Rate the refresh of the item the of hours the used. The light when the to replaced. this the with as as the input
You should the or smears appear the You to the to cool the and from overheating. Warning: clean of the off the and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service The only should the and If other replacing, or service
Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with and the To the first the To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinners or other These the to
Cleaning the the with the the top from the housing. Clean the the top of the every hours of If cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the and the the with the the top. and other office to the If the to or the torn, Cleaning the
the To the and quality, the as as when the appears the The to about hours of EPSON ELPLP14. Warning: the cool Also, the of the assembly. Touching the of the the when: The or to The flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the Turn off the and allow the to cool then the cord. The amount of to cool the
the the cool. It normally about hour to completely cool cover-mounting screw with the screwdriver with the then mounting screws the with the screwdriver, and the using the Mount that the correct, and then securely. Tighten the mounting screws the with the screwdriver. Remount the cover. Tighten the cover screw with the screwdriver. Screwdriver the
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information to with the It the following with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the screen this section or the screen If to the section and follow that apply to If of the the or
with the If with the first off and Then the back and turn the If this the the lights the top of the These lights to with operation. the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the The operation flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the The operation Turn off the that the securely both the and the and the or to or the red. the as Operation
Warning: to service this as specifically this The red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then turn it back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service with the
with the or Sound appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as Chapter The selected. Press the Source button the or the Source the input operation to choose another of the displayed. If the higher than (EMP-713/703) and (EMP-503), the the If the output with this choose the Supported Displays You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the
displayed. The the the the The or of the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking and buttons the There or smears the Clean the as Chapter The of the right. The incorrect. If the red, and the If the and (NTSC only) the There sound. First that the turned the and that the RCA securely attached to both the and the Also, that the off. The selected. Press the or the or Source the operation to the with the or Sound
Technical Specications of Poly-silicon TFT of inches EMP-713/703: EMP-503: Projection inch 1W aspect ratio UHE High Efficiency ELPLP14
Technical Specifications Mechanical inches inches inches AC Rated supply AC 1.3A Operation: C), Operation: RH, C), RH,
Supported The displays of (EMP-713/703) and (EMP-503) To higher the to (EMP-713/703) and (EMP-503). The following the the ACTIVE FREQUENCY MODEL EMP-713/703 EMP-503 VGAEGA A/B A/B VGA60 A/B A/B VGA72 A/B A/B VGA75 A/B A/B VGA85 A/B A/B VGA Text A/B A/B VGA Text A/B A/B SVGA56 A/B SVGA60 A/B SVGA72 A/B SVGA75 A/B SVGA85 A/B XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA1_70 SXGA1_75 SXGA1_85 SXGA2-60 SXGA2-75 A: B: Native
The of allow the to correctly. Technical Specifications ACTIVE FREQUENCY MODEL EMP-713/703 EMP-503 SXGA2-85 SXGA3_60 SXGA3_75 SXGA3_85 UXGA60* MAC A/B A/B MAC16 A/B A/B MAC19-60 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM The EMP-503 UXGA. A: B: Native
assignments The RGB, The assignments input input input GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SDA input input SCL assignments
Technical Specifications
Brightness. The of light and type of that and information of the the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and NTSC. broadcast the National Committee. NTSC North America, and PAL (Phase New and of Africa. of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of which and SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa.
type of interface that wire.
World-Wide Warranty Terms This includes warranty, which allows the to repaired than forty-five countries of the world. that covered the terms of warranty stated the terms of warranty the warranty when the purchased each country. The warranty the the following countries: Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Poland, Spain, United <North America and United States of America <South Chile, and South Thailand The warranty to the following terms and The warranty when the together with the warranty or of purchase issued the country of purchase. The warranty implemented based the warranty and established or service countries the instruction
The with the to the supply of the country of purchase. using the overseas, that specifically that country purchased. of the world- warranty This of as of Access the information. If the www.epson.com. World-Wide Warranty Terms The of warranty months from the of purchase. The warranty cover the of and with the within the of the warranty. The with the of as The warranty apply the following a.Defects or optional the to or the instruction c.When repairs or third other than or service through the of optional or or otherwise authorized
<EUROPE> AUSTRIA EPSON Austria Address: BELGIUM EPSON BULGARIA PROSOFT AI BG-1113 Sofia CROATIA HR-10000 CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 DENMARK FINLAND geographical excluded)
FRANCE EPSON F-92300 Address: GERMANY EPSON D-40549 GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. H-2040 World-Wide Warranty Terms IRELAND ITALY EPSON F. (MI) LUXEMBURG EPSON MACEDONIA
NETHERLANDS EPSON NORWAY SLOVAKIA SK-98401 Address: PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. Address: POLAND FOR EVER PL- ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO- SLOVENIA SLO-1001 SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN At.
SWEDEN UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ Address: SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 Address: TURKEY TIC. A.S. World-Wide Warranty Terms YUGOSLAVIA BS
<NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEANI ISLANDS> CANADA CANADA L4B IJ3 Address: COSTA RICA S.A. Americana, Address: MEXICO S.A. C.V. AV. DF Address: U. S. A. Inc. Airport CA90806
<SOUTH AMERICA> ARGENTINA S.A. Aires Address: BRAZIL SP Address: CHILE Chile S.A. Address: World-Wide Warranty Terms COLOMBIA Address: PERU S.A. VENEZUELA S.A. Address:
<ASIA OCEANIA> AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street NSW AUSTRALIA Address: HONGKONG EPSON Technical (Information Harbour Road, HONG KONG Address: JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VD Customer Group: JAPAN MALAYSIA EPSON TRADING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. U1, SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Commonwealth SINGAPORE TAIWAN EPSON 10F, East Road, Section
KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD 17F HANSOL KOREA World-Wide Warranty Terms THAILAND (Thailand) Tower, South Sathorn Road, Sathorn, Thailand. //www.epson.co.th Technical Tower, Road, Rachataewee, Thailand.
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B. V. EJ AMSTERDAM, that the Product of LCD ELP-713/703/503/EMP-713/703/503 Conforms to the following Directives and Norm(s) Directive 89/336/EEC Directive 73/23/EEC to ISO/IEC and EN The EN EN EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: Telephone responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product LCD EMP-713/703/503/ ELP-713/703/503 According to 47CFR, and CPU Boards and with Class Computers Airport CA
United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC
Macintosh, IBM/International Inc. Windows/Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those REV.0 BK covers the the and covers. the injury. as specifically directed this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: property of their respective owners and this only. The following and the Information Please the following information about Warning: the when the switched as the bright light the when Warning: rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. Information
Printed 01.08-.1A(C01) DICF43 cover-F English