that the and correctly, the and the to to the or The indications and their as follows. them properly reading the to others and the of to property. Indications Notations Used This Indicates the of or to property this or Indicates the of death or serious this or Warning Information Indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates procedures which or Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that the the following Clicking this the following The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure Indicates that the from the previous Clicking this the
who the Protect to and users security The the amount of that the high-performance High restricts operation the You this to people from without and and light inform when to At to or the the the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off The with the following security with anti-theft Security Security to foot to You easily height with hand. Ease of
the foot to and the front foot. Foot Function and Functions hear the While the This hear the While the This from the cover (EMP-280 only) when to or the This and other from the when The displays To the or the to and the cover. Function C this cover when the cover that become warped or otherwise affected heat near the and or the while C and the of the such as when the
and Functions RS-232C This and to the with should normally used. the from RS-232C Function EMP-280 Rear from other from and from other from and Computer1 input Computer2 input to from and to the the the from from input input input from the Remote Function C Security The security with the Security connected to the Computer1 input to the from the or other This input to other than the Computer1 input C to the
and Functions from other from and Function input EMP-260 to from and to the the the from input from input input Also, it as when the USB the to USB B) showing to the connected to USB the to the the Security The security with the Security from the Remote Function C to with the following operating Edition/XP Professional Macintosh:OS to to the from the connected to the input to or other This input to other than the input to the C
and Functions the or off. Function EMP-280 If of or selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the connected to the and to the input that The of the and whether they flashing or the of the C [Source Search] If when or displayed, these buttons Corrects items and buttons without the as the the the the EMP-260 C shows to with they and the which displayed, to the previous If when the function. If when or displayed, these buttons Press to the items and (EMP-280 only) buttons
and Functions and the Function If when or displayed, these buttons items and the (EMP-260 only) buttons
and Functions and the C Function Remote If of the synchronization, and to the or selection and to the displayed, and the the pressed, the C of the that the without the using the the to showing to the connected to USB (EMP-260 only) (Down) to with the following operating Edition/XP Professional Macintosh:OS to to the and or off. [A/V or unpaused. the EMP-260. Turns the or off. Function connected to the and Changes to the input that [Source Search]
and Functions The aspect ratio each the pressed. [Aspect] Function If when or displayed, these buttons Press to the and to the items and these buttons when buttons C Function If when or displayed, these buttons items and buttons the function. If when displayed, to the shows to with they and the which through when to the anti-theft to the optional mount when the from Turn to and to the C Security fixing Rear foot Remote light-emitting
Functions This chapter and and the security Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the lock................................................................... (Source Search) the Functions Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect Ratio (Aspect)................................16 of the the and Sound Temporarily Selecting the Projection Quality
The following showing the of currently or when about seconds, the screen connected to If found. You the input where the when the that the the (Source Search) The input from connected and the input from the You the input the (Source Search) where input. EMP-280 Computer1 Computer2 connected, this operation. The input where input EMP-280 Procedure the the or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected.
Procedure Functions Projection You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when projecting. The of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting the the displayed the and the using bright bright This the brightest and tones using black-and- white bright Text Application such as bright This and input) them TV bright This and them to life. or input) Sports This Theatre The from the the If the while the displayed the to the this tint, when Blackboard that to the
Functions Enhancing Projection from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V Remote Procedure the button, or off. Remote Procedure while the to from the where If the while the or displayed, the or The to back the while used. displayed cleared. You choose to or A/V the "A/V If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V the activated. Each the A/V turned or off.
Functions Projection If the while the aspect displayed the to the aspect connected, that recorded or You the aspect ratio as follows. the Aspect Ratio (Aspect) This using "Aspect" from the the (Down) Procedure the the aspect displayed the and the aspect
Functions Enhancing Projection the to the of the that to Remote This when to such as and to them of the Procedure Remote C Remote selected to to You the or The ratio appears the The the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the holding the Press the to
Background", and "A/V from the You people from the the The with of anti-theft security The the following security You who the without Protect Anti-Theft Security Functions Protect) the Protect function activated, people who know Furthermore, the that displayed when as the At the of the This acts as anti-theft the the to the purchase the Protect function activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect whenever the turned from If the the supply to which the the On Protect" "On", the Protect" to "On" the following Protect" prohibited. On Protect"
Security Functions Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the button. C Turn Protect" Press the the following to Protect. Protect the the displayed, and then the The displayed as the If the shown four the buttons. The the this to Select and then the fourth the displayed. the the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure buttons If the correctly, the If Protect already activated, the displayed. the If the incorrectly, displayed The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the Select On Protect", and then the button. Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the the as further the the theft
Security Functions of the buttons the locked. You of the following to the buttons the operations from the including turning the or off. of the buttons the the locked. Restricting Operation the displayed, the the the the This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated using the outlet and then and the that appears the and the about and then the switches to If incorrect three the If the of the "The operation locked." displayed back The displays the the If this the from the that the the the buttons. the Procedure Press the and the the the the Procedure If to the and input the as "The operation locked. displayed and the thirty the following
Security Functions You about the that and the The security with the Security the mounts and the includes the following security Security the Security Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security the buttons and the operations they the the Select or the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. and the the From the from about seconds, You release the of the the displayed and the released. following
This chapter to the and its the of (EMP-280 Only)..........................................25 (EMP-260 Only)..........................................26 Info Only).................................................30
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top EMP-280 Select the to EMP-260 EMP-260 EMP-280 the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the "High" selected the becomes with and when selected the (This item selected selected as the the becomes with red. You the to their To items to their (This item selected selected as the the Red, You the of each individually. when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each (EMP-280 Only) You whether the to the (On) or when the input You the and right that of the of the You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected IP each field the This with amount of On: converted This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the Computer1 input or Computer2 input Computer1 Computer2 You the aspect ratio Aspect You the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 To items to their
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each (EMP-260 Only) You whether the to the (On) or when the input You the and right that of the of the You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected IP each field the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the input You the aspect ratio Aspect You the to their To items to their
of Functions EMP-260 EMP-280 Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and rotation reduced. about life: about You the to of Brightness Function You this to operation of the You the (EMP-260 only) to or the light too to to the that to or that interference. You the reception of the from the Remote the that the without connecting other While the and correction. To the the the or the You the You the to their To items to their
of Functions EMP-260 EMP-280 You whether to (On) or the when the input the You whether the (the when the displayed (On) or Background You the when to or A/V You the displayed A/V as or when the when input, and You related to the Function Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Protect" to You the that as background and displayed A/V You choose of the following to the the Projection
of Functions to "On" and the connected to that of electricity the to "On", the should turning off the from to to "On", this off the when input and operations High this to "On" when the of Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or to automatically. Function Clean Notice Clean Notice to "On," the which the displayed to of options. the high or this such that the Clean Notice this to "On", the becomes with or than You whether to the software EMP 21L (On) or this to "On" and the USB You and while the when this to "Network On". You and the of the "EMP software (EMP-280 only) (EMP-260 only) 21L You EMP from the section of the EMP software Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You and the of Protect" to You and "Operation the to their To items to their You the displays. "High
of Functions the of the and the of the Items displayed the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) You the input the connected currently projected. Source reaches the the characters displayed yellow. You the operating Function You the operating The as "0H" the first hours. hours or hour each This information about that occurred the This information service required. You the of "Computer1" or "Computer2" the to the "Source". You the of the This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their and You items to their You clear the and the to "0H". this when or the The following items to their and You items to their You clear the and to "0H". when the Function (EMP-280 only) (EMP-260 only)
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................34 lights or flashing o flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the displays to the the Procedure and as shown the Press the to below. the the Press the The displayed. Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this (Flashing):Warm-up Projection The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal and the Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the which to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop using the the from the and or the the the the from the and or the the The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or If the the the the from the and or the the of or "High to "On". High (overheating)
or the and cracked. the following If the the the from the and or the the If the the with and the If cracked the and the yourself, to of the replaced). If cracked with or further If the Clean the of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch The with or Clean or the that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This the too high automatically.) If the clogged, clean or High Warning with that the securely If the operating properly, though the showing to the If the or the the
to the Flashing flashing o or Notice Indicates that the to or the reached. (This Clean or the Cleaning Notice
when If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard or the sound The Other Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing projected. displayed relating to appear The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." The or of The whole appears or white, appearing the match, this and LCD performance, the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right Nothing appears the appear
relating to appear The correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the when the to the the connected the correct? the to only. the output to the LCD and the when from displayed Press the to the If to the to "Extended"-"Operation"-"Sleep to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from to the without the this to displayed. Then, the off. the and then the the
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." displayed to the to the and the refresh from the of Supported Displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The displayed or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the only to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or or with built-in LCD when from EMP-280, the recommended from to and from to EMP-260, the recommended from to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to If the correctly the from and the If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the output with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when from when the and "Tracking correctly? Press the [Aspect] the to the aspect the of "Normal", and the aspect to the projected? The or or the aspect when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the from the the correctly? If activated the of the about of the the To the the off the the Press the the to the when the that the with the of Displays" the selected? Only when
from connected to Computer1, Computer, or Computer2 the following to the the connected "Signal"-"Computer1/2 the input match the from the connected right the the "Image"-"Color the correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" the "Image"-"Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" the "Image"-"Contrast" the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? from connected to or the "Brightness" and "Brightness the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the and correctly? the "Contrast" the the correctly? when from appear The that displayed from the Computer1 or the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the from other than the Computer1 or projected? Nothing appears the
when There the or the the If this the using the the from the and or the the and the the about seconds, and the released. the operation to The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the turn and off when the touched? the to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to turn the back the "Remote the receiver" the the selected? the back immediately Direct or the turned off? There or the too Other using the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the that the connected to the the connected correctly?
The operating the about and about vertically. the the receiver. the light-emitting the the when operated? The that to to from "Remote the the location where light the receiver. the front or receiver" the correctly or the with necessary. the the receiver" the the selected? The operating the about the too from the the or the correctly? sunlight or light from the receiver? If of the buttons the than seconds, the the released, operation This the from operates when the or top of than seconds?
This chapter information to the of performance from the to ESC/VP21 Commands Command (EMP-280 Only) Connecting USB (EMP-260 Only) USB (EMP-280 Only).............................................69 Non-compatible commands information displayed "Product information of Specifications Appearance and displayed Methods.................................................47 Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the to the the operating the to the and EMP-280................................................................................... EMP-260................................................................................... Connecting to Connecting to Connecting USB (EMP-260 Only).............. Optional and Optional
from (Rear from front projection) of the The the following four its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and the mount and the or and Warning the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the the its This malfunctions to Attention You the as follows the "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" the [A/V the about seconds. optional mount when the from
The overheating. nothing the Clean the and the when the following to the Clean or the to the and or the displayed. Cleaning the and You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning there of the from the outlet shock. containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth using to the Cleaning the of the to and this to with and the service life. Clean To the to force the such that The or the immediately when the displayed. If collects the the internal cloth cleaning to the cover clean the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the the cover with or to shocks, as easily become
Cleaning C the front of the and then it or or to Turn the and this to from the the other the catches of the cover and the cover the cover. Procedure apply too force to the as this or such that used. Attention the the of the and then the the straight to the from the front of the of the
Cleaning the cleaned the from the If frequently displayed, cleaning, to the with that of the cover to each of the catches the cover. hear them click. or or whose torn. to whose with
the of the and the to the the the with batteries. This section to the the and the If the of the or that the becoming this them with ready to when required. the Remote Press the cover clicks C the cover. the Instructions/Support and Service the Instructions While the cover catch, the cover the cover. Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should high brightness: About hours continually brightness: About hours as as ready The the displayed. displayed. The flashes Flashing The or to
the off the and the Procedure and should to the of the cover, when the If of If the of which the cover gently. of the should that the the there that the or mouth, immediately. Warning to the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and to the cover. the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the cooled sufficiently the there that the the to cool enough.
the the the "PUSH", and once the screws. that fits the location the C the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or the the
The records the turned and and the the hours the when to the the operating the cover. the operating the replaced. the indicated correctly. the off as Please regulations or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with
the catches of the cover and the cover the cover. The displayed though the It to the when: The ripped. cleaned. the to of when "Clean Notice" of the to or the issued. the the of the and then the C the straight The when the from to the Procedure the off the and the
the the the The records the of hours that the the the other than cleaning/replacement. without the appears, the turned regulations. of with of properly with to the to the to displayed. Then, the of the section: PP, PET of the section: PP off. that of the cover to each of the catches the cover. hear them click.
the the the the and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the the Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", displayed and the Protect" to Aspect, or the function If selected when currently C "Choose this as the displayed, the the or the the screen as to the of the
"Select this displayed, the to the of the to as the the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed" displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while Once the This malfunctions to to the factory the the You to
Units: the following to choose the The Units: Screen and EMP-280 off Projection to B' to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of Screen of
and Units: the following to choose the The Units: EMP-260 to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to off Projection to to to to to to to to B' to to B' to Screen to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of of
Connecting to the when connected to the This that to the with the and the when input to the Computer1 input or the the Connecting to Computer2 and and to the The the and and to to To with
Connecting USB (EMP-260 Only) the USB of and the the of the with USB To USB B) USB To USB
EMP-260) ELPLP41 EMP-280) ELPLP42 as Optional and of to without and the country of purchase. the following options and Purchase The following of optional as of (high-performance) ELPAF16 as this to with the Soft carrying ELPKS16B roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional of these the with the too HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 mount with the ELPMB18 when the to ELPKC19 ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 to this of to the from or the the
The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio This section that with the and terms that the text of this to other commercially publications. of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP that the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that contained the to The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of to that of three and which the and to sound Normal that which to this and High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) to Gateway of whereby the that displayed from to right and then from top to The and displayed alternately. The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh of whereby the from from top to to Definition that to which the High-Definition HDTV SDTV to connected to IP Network which the and such as routers and to TCP/IP SNMP This the IP the SNMP SNMP Trap IP
international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to this the that they the recording these played back the they restored to their as of The of the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization This that the of the from the IP type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C of The of matching the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA
(EMP-280 Only) the ON command to the the If the terminates to and the command input, the the and and then the command. turned and ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Connector RS-232C input Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF Command SOURCE selection SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL MSEL ready DSR DSR DTR ready DTR DTR DSR TD TD RD RD RD TD Function At the (PC At the ground GND GND GND Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (CR) to the of each and Computer1 Item
ESC/VP21 Commands To the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following USB <At the <At the Connecting USB (EMP-260 Only) Connector USB B) to and the section of Download the USB (USB-COM from the to Procedure B) the USB the instructions displayed the C 21L" to "On" from the
information EPSON and Information Industries Association) as to the JBMIA and Information network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the Class established the JBMIA Association) to URL the JBMIA. (EMP-280 Only) "Product information EMP-280 Command Function AVMT AVMT AVMT commands AVMT and Command Connector INPT Computer1 input INPT Computer2 input INPT input INPT input
when other than those input, that the the VGA supported. EMP-260 supported. of Supported Used of Aspect Aspect Ratio SDTV SDTV Ratio Aspect Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" SXGA Aspect Ratio TV (NTSC) Ratio Aspect Refresh Rate SECAM) (PAL, TV MAC19" MAC21" SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
this TM DNX ICs EMP-260 EMP-280 Product (W) 111(H) (D) Specifications to to than and If the of of (W) (H) SVGA ELPLP41 ELPLP42 to to Polysilicon TFT active UHE (W) (H) XGA 235W 5.8W to AC to supply 4.1W to 5.8W to to 35C to 35C to to Approx to +60C to to
Specifications RCA input Computer1 input Connectors Computer2 input input RCA input RCA input DIN input RCA input RCA input At of to and when "Brightness to "High", the operating to +30C. Other specifications, please location (country/area) from USB to that USB. This USB2.0. USB B) USB B) RS-232C
Specifications USA: UL60950-1 This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. CSA C22.2 EU: The Directive IEC/EN60950-1 (73/23/EEC) USA: FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class EU: The EMC Directive EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 (89/336/EEC) EN55024 Australia/New Zealand: AS/NZS CISPR Class
Specifications Class to of the FCC These However, there that interference reception, which turning the off and the If this interference to and instructions, interference to or reception. and, and with the to reasonable protection interference user to to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the installation. This and the outlet from that to the or Increase the the and receiver. FCC United States or the which the connected. following Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located and interference which the established the than interface connected to FCC this It the responsibility of the to and the FCC or Declaration of this shielded interface with this If this the authority to the interfaces. or the The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, Each to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. EPSON EMP-280/260 of Product:
3-M4 Appearance of from of to fixing Units: