Printed 02.08-.05A(C05) Printed
About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following four to the the below. Unpacking and This information the procedures from the through to to the and the included Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes instructions, warranty and troubleshooting to this thoroughly the This the to using the (such as and connecting or (this This information operation, the troubleshooting and Notations Used This information Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure The indicated should the of the numbers. of and or appears the text of this to items which or optional to the Indicates procedures where or to the the correctly. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the "Appendices".
of the EPSON function You the of attaching the EPSON that with the and then the "EPSON the to "ON". This such as to the tint. function The selecting the from the following to the used. other necessary. Normal Theatre Brilliant, attractive its the high with high of beautifully clear bright correction function corrected easily. This appear correctly when the function the from the connected and that the projected. people using the the obtained and reconnecting the computers. Each manually. to The accessory operations such as and of
Operations This chapter basic operations such as turning and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Turning On the and Projecting Turning the the the Focusing the Screen the Correcting Distortion the Quality............................14 the EPSON Selecting the Projection of and the Aspect Ratio)............. the Tracking the
Turning On the This section the from turning the to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Connecting the Procedure Check that the turned off the and connected to the the or to the the cover. the accessory to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to earthed the lights The and buttons operated while the flashing
Turning On the and Projecting Procedure from flashing to Remote The and operated while the flashing the the appear. If than connected, the or the to the which the that would to connected to, while to the following to top-right of Computer/ The each [Source] pressed. *The items selected the the appear. Connecting the Turning On the and Projecting Turn the connected to the the the to playback necessary. that the flashing and Press the the or the to the the The flashes and flashing and the lights normally about seconds to A/V [Computer] Operations
Turning On the If connected, the from that without to of the buttons from the previous If the the If or with LCD connected to the the straight the that the to externally. The following shows of to to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or NEC IBM the that Mirroring active If the of the become the You should leaving the displayed Connecting the Turning On the and
Turning the Follow the below to off the the Procedure Remote OFF? Please to off flashing and lights the from the outlet while the flashing otherwise operation and reduce the operating life. Turn off the the that connected to the that the connected turned off. Press the the or the A/V The shown appear. If to off the the If the seconds. (The off this Press the once The switch off. The and cool-down The cool-down about seconds. (This factors such as the cool-down the lights the from the The and operated while the flashing lights steadily. Operations
Turning the Foot cover the front they the while the foot buttons. the cover. the cover to the when the to the from or dirty.
the You and the to the the The of the basically the from the to the If further required, the the to the Minor to the to ratio of to Procedure Focusing the Turn the to the Procedure The function of the the the Focusing the Correcting Distortion to the [T] the become Press the the to the [W] the become If the of the or as of to the correctly. If this clean or the If the the of to the If the the Operations
the the The should that as to the as from the from of If to the that to the instead. You or the front to the within of While the foot Procedure buttons the front of the that the front the front the obtained, and then release the foot buttons. To the front the while the foot buttons. Foot buttons the foot the to become distorted. the correction function to this If the the of the front to the foot
Correcting Distortion the to appear the this corrected using the correction function as as the of within of below Procedure correction using the or the The following to the the If the of the If the top of the correction the become The correction memorised. If the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the sharpness If the displayed the the when correction that the correction exceeded. that the which the the the Focusing the Correcting Distortion Operations
the Quality The of the as follows. the EPSON the accessory EPSON attached to the and the "EPSON command to "ON", the to the theatre If connected and the such appear than the EPSON and the "EPSON to "OFF". Procedure The EPSON should that the notch with the the If the EPSON correctly, or of the the of the EPSON or the when attaching the EPSON If or smears the reduce the clarity of Advanced About ON OFF EPSON Brightness Sharpness [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio Select Select "ON" and then the the the to the the accessory EPSON the the with the notch the EPSON and the EPSON Projection Press the the and then "EPSON from the this operation, to the
Selecting the The following the characteristics of the that You easily the selecting the that to the The brightness of the which selected. to the If the connected both the and the to Normal Brightness bright Meeting their tints, with Theatre tints. Brightness bright The as follows Procedure each the the pressed. Normal Theatre Projection of and the Aspect Ratio) This function the aspect ratio of from to when and or or projected. which recorded or Application Remote A/V The the command the the EPSON the Aspect Ratio Selecting the The appears the top-right of the each the The "Normal" when input, and "Theatre" when or input. Normal Operations
the Quality Procedure the of the from the connected and these that the obtained. It of the following three items: Tracking and ON OFF EPSON Brightness Advanced About Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio Select ON OFF EPSON Brightness Advanced About Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio Select the the to the If the to "OFF" (the this item "ON"), If the the while projected, then Remote ESC If the while the or function or while or displayed, the function when the and then the the correctly the type of the such the commands to the tracking and manually. Press the the and then "Aspect Ratio" from the this operation, to the Press the and to the aspect ratio to or and then the
the Tracking Procedure If appear the and this to the tracking manually using the following Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( ON OFF Select Advanced About ON OFF EPSON Tracking Brightness Sharpness RGB YUV( ON OFF Select the the to the The when this the EPSON the Aspect Ratio Selecting the Press the the and then from the this operation, to the [Normal Press the and buttons to the tracking The tracking increases or each pressed. Select [Normal Operations
the Quality the Procedure If or interference appear that input from the and this to the manually using the following Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness RGB YUV( ON OFF Select Advanced About ON OFF EPSON Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( ON OFF Select the the to the If the without the tracking first, to the Incorrect tracking noticeable with of with of and to incorrect tracking clearly, to the tracking first. It to and the brightness, sharpness and correction the EPSON the Aspect Ratio Selecting the Press the the and then from the this operation, to the [Normal Press the and to the The increases or each pressed. [Normal
and Functions This chapter the and useful that when connected. the Computer/RGB "Advanced" "About" the Functions Connected A/V
the Functions The to of and The hierarchical with that which further other The to the to the the The functions the from "EPSON and while input. The which appear the the type of input the Functions which the input Advanced About Function EPSON This the function to the and off. to "ON", the obtained the accessory EPSON attached to the of the the and horizontally. Press the and the the that appears. Brightness the brightness. the light and the (Not RGB the intensity the Advanced About ON OFF EPSON Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Select Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio Select [Theatre Advanced About Select EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( [Theatre Aspect Ratio OFF
(Not RGB when or NTSC input.) the tint. Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness emphasised. bright their tints, with Theatre using tints. The white function operates that and of that or bright, to them to Brightness bright when input.) the Press the and choose the from the selection which appears. to the automatically. when input.) Selects the input to used. Aspect Ratio the aspect ratio the functions the "EPSON and to their Press the to the and Select to to their If to the the the "Advanced" to 6500K. "About" the "Advanced" Function Theatre and Functions
the Functions Advanced About Select Function EPSON This the function to the and off. to "ON", the obtained the accessory EPSON attached to the of the the vertically and horizontally. Press the and the the that appears. Tracking when appear the when or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness or You the the tracking first and then the Brightness the brightness. the light and the Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness emphasised. bright Meeting using their tints, with Presentation: Theatre using tints. Brightness bright Selects the input to used. "RGB" when or RGB Selects whether the function ON when the input turned ON or OFF. the functions the "EPSON and to their Press the to the and Select to to their If to the the the "Advanced" to 6500K. ON OFF EPSON Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF OFF Normal
the the Selects the input The the type of input RGB and input Computer; input Therefore, input to from the to the input input to the input to the RCA the to their Press the to the and Select to to their Corrects correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness the and background such as when input. to "OFF", the background becomes and displayed. "About" the "Advanced" Advanced About Tone Select Function The individually each input Advanced About OFF Black Prompt ON OFF ON OFF Prompt A/V Black ON OFF Select Function and Functions
the Functions Function Prompt whether the input displayed the screen or when the ON input whether the the or when ON Prompt the A/V the screen when the [A/V the Black pressed. the when input. to "ON", and then the cool- finished, the to operations while the displayed. (The lights when the the or the pressed. the functions to their Press the to the and Select to settingsincluding the and their "Advanced" Advanced About Function the displays. Press the and the from the selection that appears. the and of each RGB each input bright within from to bluish If the lower, appear and tones appear If the higher, appear bluish and tones appear Press the and the the that appears. RGB the intensity each RGB the Press the "R" (red), "G" or "B" and the the that appears. You the while the the (This item selected selected as the the [English] RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF ON English
Rear when from OFF to "ON", the reversed. when the to ceiling. to "ON", the OFF and vertically reversed. the "Advanced" functions the to their Press the to the and Select to including the and to their "About" The "About" shows the the The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of hour. the operating the warning reached, the characters appear red. the operating this selected, the operating to the Source the input which currently projected. Shows the appear when the input RGB or the input appear when the input or the and appear when the input or SYNC the polarity. Polarity appear when the input or SYNC the appear when the input or the input appear when the input or Refresh Rate the refresh appear when the input or "About" the "Advanced" Function 0H Source Advanced About Select Function Computer/RGB Advanced About Select 0H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate and Functions 0H
the Functions Advanced About Select Function items to their Press the to the and Select to the the items each The "EPSON and to their
the The operated the only. Procedure "About" the "Advanced" Remote A/V Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Position Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio Select Remote ESC Remote ESC Advanced About ON OFF EPSON Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio Select Press the the The appears. The consists of and The that to the currently-selected item the yellow) appears. Select Select [Theatre Select Press the or to to item to selected. Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of The that to the currently- selected item the appears. Select Press the or to to item to selected. The items appearing the and the "About" the type of input Select Select [Theatre and Functions
the Functions "About" the "Advanced" Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Select Select Aspect Ratio Select items which another to when they selected them. If such items and the then the the which appears. to of functions the of each Remote A/V Select Press the and buttons to the commands which ON/OFF the and buttons to the and then the [Theatre Select other items the to to the other items. To to previous the [ESC] the Press the
Functions Connected This section the that to A/V This function the and sound. when to of operations such as selecting while projected. this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where the function activated. Press the [A/V the Procedure The and sound then This function the The sound without The back the while and to from the where Press the the Procedure The then Remote A/V Remote A/V Pressing the clears displays and The function while the function used. this the function the Press the [A/V the to the and sound of the following of appears the "A/V the To the the or the [ESC] A/V and Functions
Connected This function and reduce of such as and Procedure Remote ESC ratio The selected to of Press the the indicating the the to appear the the to the of the that to or reduced. Press the and buttons the to the pressed, the with the as its pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the right of the You around the the and buttons. To the the [ESC] button. A/V
Troubleshooting This section to and what to found. the (Warning) the
the If with the the function displays to the It of and The the type of Procedure Remote the the sound selection If the the the from the outlet and Select Remote appears the The distorted. The displayed the of too too The of the The too The Select If the function to the to or the Press the the The displayed. Select If using the the Select buttons function as the and If using the the and buttons to ESC Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of A/V ESC the operations and to through the to items. You the the button.
Trouble If with the first the The with the following These to with operation. The following what the and to that they (Warning) Warning or High internal (overheating) with the from the outlet and then the and If the Then the and the the or the to the back If the the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms The off and about without operating the about the and then the following that the and outlet clear, and that the If the should cleaned. the back the to its previous the the or the to back If the to overheat the checked, or the when the back the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms If the or further If the yourself, to of the replaced.) that the and the cover securely If the or securely the switch (Warning) flashing Troubleshooting
Trouble or Stop using the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms High-speed cooling or (Not The should disconnected when the this Press the to Cool-down (Not Please The cool-down about seconds. The Press the cool-down Projection (Not Warm-up (Not Please Warm-up seconds. the flashing to steady If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the or the "International Warranty Instructions/World-Wide Warranty (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which well-ventilated, and that the and clear. Clean the (Warning) flashing
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear of or distorted) Only of the (Large/small) The right the turned off and then straight back the turned off cool-down the buttons the and the active? to "ON", the off operations while input. The lights this the Press the the or the to the the the brightness the "Brightness" to "Brightness" correctly? A/V active? Press the [A/V the to the A/V the completely input such as completely input? If to "OFF", displayed. of the the connected correctly? that that correctly. appear appear appear purplish sound heard The The off Condition appear (Nothing appears) cool-down finished. You then the buttons. Turn the back To the to "OFF". the or re-check the input. the to or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. Condition appear appear) "Not Supported." displayed. displayed. Troubleshooting
the the input match the connected the [Source] the (or the [Computer] or the to the the the or Turn the turned If or with LCD connected to the necessary to output the to the rather than to the the which to the of the from the the correctly? the the cover attached? the cover. the front that the too If the too the of vertically. the the The recommended from the to the within the that the within this the to the the that the to the the dirty? Clean the the If the from to the of the and this the to appear the EPSON attached correctly? If attached correctly, the appear or of Normally to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or to the with the and of the from the Condition of or distorted) The of the of The whole of interference the front to reduce the of to or the the approximately hour to used. If the off the and the to the EPSON and
the correct? If RGB or connected to the the command to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the command to the the connected correctly? that that connected correctly. used? If used, interference the the "Tracking and correctly? connected to the selected? the that the that with this to the connected to with the the correct? the to the of the the "Aspect Ratio the "Aspect Ratio" to the aspect ratio to selected correctly? "Aspect the function to Press the [ESC] the to the the the to correctly? the selected? the that the that with this to the connected to with the the the or with LCD connected to the accessory and this If the the to "OFF", the the to these If the correctly using the function and the button, the manually the Condition too of the displayed) too the that the the whole of the or the to output only. Troubleshooting
the the If activated the of the connected connected to the only about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further the the "Brightness" command to correctly? "Brightness" the connected correctly? that that connected correctly. the correct? If the command to or when connected, the appear purplish. If the to "RGB" when connected to the the appear the the to "Contrast" correctly? the correctly? the to the "Advanced" the and correctly? (The exactly match the the the or LCD this and the of the the nearly the become and the become The accessory EPSON from the the "EPSON the to "ON". Condition The right If RGB or connected to the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the to the the to the and "Color", "Tint" this the should with the "EPSON the to "OFF". "EPSON
the the nearly the become and the become the brightness the "Brightness" to "Brightness" correctly? the accessory EPSON If to the to the EPSON and attached to the the "EPSON command to "OFF". "EPSON the the "Contrast" to "Contrast" correctly? the correct? If the to or when connected, the appear purplish. If the to "RGB" when connected to the the appear the connected correctly? that the matches the input the input the to the selected? to input. sound from the the the Condition appear this the should with Condition appear appear If RGB or connected to the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the to the Condition sound heard. Troubleshooting
the the to the the that the sound A/V active? Press the [A/V the to the A/V the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? the too from the The operating the the within this sunlight or light from the light-receiving the using the the first the that from the the the battery. the the with the incorrectly? the that correctly. The This that the when the turned off. A/V ESC Condition The The operating the approximately and vertically. the within these where the light-receiving to light. Condition The off the pressed) The switch off when the from the
The cooling the to off the the cool-down the cool-down the to steady and then the from the The cool-down about seconds. The the Troubleshooting
Appendices This chapter information to the of performance the Cleaning the Cleaning the and EPSON Cleaning the the Battery...........................................................................45 the the the Optional of Supported Specifications...................................................52 Appearance and Rear..................................................................................... Base..................................................................................... Glossary............................................................59 Index..................................................................61
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the and EPSON commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the and the EPSON Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the Turn the and cleaner to the from the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the or the EPSON with or them to shocks, as they easily become If the to or should replaced. with The should when the replaced.
This section to the battery, the and the the Battery the following type of as CR2025 lithium Procedure to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the battery. Catch the While the catch of the the the and the battery. the of the the to that that the New the the the clicks. Cleaning of with regulations. Appendices
It to the when: The appears the when the (Warning) flashing The or to the displayed. Flashes The to appear about of to the brightness and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The appears about hours of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready If the and to replaced, there the that the when If the of that to the should that the and the cover the cooled sufficiently the cover. It further hour the finished the to cool enough. The appears seconds, and seconds passed.
Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the cooled and then the cover from the of the It hour the to cool the cool-down finished. the recess, and straight to the cover. the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the or screwdriver to the fixing screws that the to the the the the to and from the If the or further If the yourself, to of the replaced.) the the that the to the and then the and the fixing screws. the cover. the cover from the and then clicks Cleaning
the The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the to displayed. Therefore, the counter to the with You this using the Procedure the securely. If the cover the off as the turn the or the cover correctly. with The should when the replaced. of properly with the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. Remote A/V 1400H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate YES NO the and then the the or the to the the Press the the The displayed. Select from the "About" and then the Select and then the The operating then
the Procedure of properly with Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the recess, and straight to the the the cover from the and then clicks Cleaning Appendices
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without ELPLP19 ELPLP19C as The of the that included with the should match the of the ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPKC19 to VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 D- VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 D- to the to ELPST07 This the as the accessory Soft ELPKS16 this to the hand. ELPDC02 ELPDC03 ELPDC04 when OHP and
of Supported the VGA It to which the with such Aspect ratio Refresh SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) HDTV (D4) (D3) Aspect ratio Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Refresh resized PC98 EGA VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA text VESA SVGA XGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" NTSC PAL/SECAM HDTV Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Appendices
Specifications Product EMP-30 (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) including and TFT active 6-phase writing SVGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP19 ELPLP19C (light 1W supply AC, 2.2A AC, 1.0A +5+35C -10+60C Connectors Computer/Component Black RCA DIN RCA (RS-232C)
USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
Appearance of of M4X8-3 Units:
and Functions the Remote light-receiving from the foot and to the Remote the accessory when using cover when the to the from becoming or foot and to the Rear Remote (Warning) The and (illuminated/flashing) with the Flashes or lights to the operating of the Foot Another foot located the right Press both foot when and retracting the front Appendices
and Functions the and off. [Source] Switches the input the Computer/ and each the pressed. while displayed, the item that currently selected. Press to while displayed, selects items the to the from other to the from other the RCA this Computer/Component from and from other The coloured from RCA (RS-232C) the to using RS-232C This service and should the customer. the to Press to the of the to the "W" the become to the "T" the become from or the from to This The coloured
Rear light-receiving from the cover this cover when the the Fixing screw These the fixing screws that to the and other from the the the also. Rear Remote the Security
and Functions Remote buttons [Computer]: Switches the to the input from the Computer/Component Switches the input from the and the or the the of that the button. [A/V Momentarily off the and buttons or displayed, these buttons items and using the function, these buttons the around the and the this to to the when to "OFF". Remote light-emitting A/V ESC [ESC] the function. the or while Rear the and off. Selects the The the of Normal, Theatre, and each the pressed. the or the the of without the of the item or displays the or while or
Following of of the this which or which the text of this Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM The and which the to The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of Cool-down The cooling the the the or the to off the the off, the cooling operations The of that this the "cool-down The cool-down about seconds. The the sound Normal which which to this rear and HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or Interlaced of whereby the which displayed from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and This function to that or than or than the to that they the whole of the SDTV Definition It to which the High-Definition Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security aspect ratio of reception and (or Appendices
international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM computers. which the and to quality. It to which of and C The from If the match this the of The (Synchronisation) of the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the