that the and correctly, the and the to to the or The indications and their meaning as follows. them properly reading the to others and the of to property. Indications Notations Used This Indicates the of or to property this or Indicates the of death or serious this or Warning Information Indications Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which useful to topic. Indicates which or Indicates where information topic found. The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness" Procedure
who the Protect to and Enhanced security The following features to the EMP-1825 and the EMP-1810. EMP-1825/1810 Common Operation restricts the You this to people without and The with the following security with anti-theft operation. corrected and matched to the of the This corrects the to Ease of the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off Security Security to easily and closing the A/V which clear The A/V You and easy to and turning the off, the without to the to cool first. cool The allows of to layouts, whether the or High mounted. foot to You easily height with hand.
This allows to of operations or other You without showing spectators increase as shown below the supplied. The EMP-1825 connected to wired or wireless LAN The which this EMP-1825 You to operations and You each the using or the displays while only the displays. Security than previous You as of the and third security of wireless LAN and wireless Wireless LAN You to the The of wireless LAN to to easily With the "Network included to easily to (Network with USB from the connecting to (USB You to and then playback to the without without
that become warped or otherwise affected heat near the and or the while Function and Functions and the of the such as when the foot C the foot to and the front foot. Foot the closing the and the sound (A/V when using the to A/V from the Remote Function the to and the A/V the the A/V Indicates that the PC function Whether they off or the Indicates that USB Indicates that abnormality Indicates that USB of USB as follows: operating. occurred. (EMP-1825 Only) USB this cover when the C cover
and Functions (EMP-1825 Only) C Wireless LAN this the the to wireless Wireless LAN Function when the PC function used. from connected to the This CompactFlash You write to the CompactFlash Card Indicates the of the CompactFlash C Card Press this to the CompactFlash
and Functions when to or the This and other from the when The displays warning Function C Function C through when to the anti-theft to the optional mount when the from Turn to and to the Rear foot C Security fixing This screw to the wireless LAN LAN wireless LAN Screw to
and Functions that connected to the or input These to the of Function input Rear RS-232C This and to the with the from should normally used. RS-232C Security The security with the Security from the Remote and USBs, and the memory and with the PC of and the LAN. LAN connected, USB A) (EMP-1825 only) (EMP-1825 only) LAN connected to the Computer1 input to the from the or other This input to other than the Computer1 input Function C LAN (EMP-1825 only). USB and the the this to with to the wireless function. USB B) the to from other from and Computer1 input the sound of the currently to to the from C input to the of the connected to the Computer1 input input from input
and Functions from other from and Function Computer2 input to the of the the USB function and to sound from the (EMP-1825 only) connected to the Computer2 input to input
and Functions If of or selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the Function If when or displayed, these the PC function however, these buttons the Corrects the following the the to USB through items and and buttons the or off. Function C displayed, to the If when the function. shows to with they and the which connected to the and to the input that that perfectly matches Press this to the the of the C [Source Search]
and Functions If when or displayed, these buttons the PC function however, these buttons the Corrects the following the the to USB items and through network and Function buttons and the The of the and whether they flashing or the of the
and Functions these buttons to to the next/previous or EasyMP* (input EasyMP), using the wireless function, or Function the and or off. C [A/V Press to the EMP-1825 C to from the input to from the Computer2 input [Comp2] to from the Computer1 input [Comp1] the pressed, the to the This the EMP-1810. (EMP-1825 only) these buttons when or ID. buttons to from the input the without the of that the button. Function [E-Zoom]button connected to the and to the input that [Search]
and Functions activated, this the or the wireless function displayed, selects items and the Function Function Decreases the Increases the Turns the or off. and the light-emitting If of the synchronization, and to the shows to with they and the which operated the Also, Press this to the to the ID. [ID] this when or ID. The aspect ratio each the pressed. or selection and to the Acts as when the wireless displayed, and the function. the function. If when displayed, to the Acts as right when using the wireless function. or
This chapter and and the security Functions used..............................32 the ID the ID of the to operated to the when Specifying the that Automatically Correcting Distortion properly the Performing Correction.......................................19 Corner..................................................................................19 Correcting Distortion the Projected Summary of Procedure............................... Correction Several Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the lock................................................................... the Projected the Projected (Source Search)................22 Directly from the Remote Automatically Incoming and Functions Enhancing Projection................. (Selecting (A/V the the Aspect Ratio Function of the the and Sound Temporarily the Remote to the Selecting the Projection Quality
that the aspect ratio of the corrects the that of aspect ratio of the corrected to to the operation. the of the correction completely satisfactory, when the to the that fits perfectly the Automatically Correcting Distortion Correcting Distortion the Projected There four to as below. Press the to the aspect ratio the vertically to the correction of to the within the separately. Select This allows to manually each of the four corners of the This allows to manually the and correction. These the Corner" and Corner" to Corner correction. correction Corner to corrected once memory the turned off. the The correction the to the required. The Corner" and the to the
Correcting Distortion the of the clearly, such as to correction within the the to the or If this correction. If this or the to "W", the Furthermore, the both vertically and function properly when The of the and should or light correction become than the effective correction when the below. If the these white with protecting from functioning properly to large-sized sheet of white the correction correctly. Vertically: Approx. Vertically: without correcting to within manually. below. manually. or or top corrects the that fits within the and or within the aspect ratio of The the of the properly the whiteboard or the mounted from the the corrected that the of the such as the fits the top and or or the
Correcting Distortion the which of four corners Corner function. Press the to selection from This function corrects each of the four corners of the to the with the Corner Performing Correction correction using the and then Select the to which to apply Press the and then, from the Corner". Procedure the the
Correcting Distortion the To the from Corner to and the about seconds and the following where the change. C the of the using the the Switch to Switches the correction to Corner: the Corner If the below displayed the correction, this that the correction amount reached. To the correction, the
Correcting Distortion the Projected Correcting To the H/V correction Correction selecting using the and buttons the "H/V the Rear foot Correcting Correcting
the the connected and the input from the You the to to the input You the the following The input from Source Search directly projected. the or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. Automatically Incoming and the (Source Search) The following showing the of currently or when operation about seconds, the connected to projecting. If found. You the input where the when only the that the input when the [Source You the as input with Search] Computer2 Computer1 The input where input when using EMP-1825. connected, playback this operation. Procedure
the You directly to the the following the Directly from the Remote from the input to to from the input from the Computer2 to input Remote the EMP-1810. This to the (EMP-1825 only) the Computer1 input to from
Remote Procedure Functions You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting the the the and the using bright bright This the brightest and tones black-and- white bright Text Application such as bright The and brought input) TV bright or The and brought to life. input) Sports Theatre The the from the If the while the the to the this tint, when Blackboard "Customized" to "R,G,B,C,M,Y" from the Customized that to the
Functions Enhancing Projection You choose to or as the A/V If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V using the "Extended"-"Display"-"A/V from the activated. or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the supply to off the A/V and A/V about from the Remote Procedure Each the or the A/V or closed, A/V or off.
Functions Enhancing Projection from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the Procedure Each the or off. to from the where If the while the while the and or displayed, the or The to the while used. displayed cleared.
Functions Enhancing Projection If the while the aspect displayed the to the aspect You the aspect ratio as follows. connected, that recorded or the Aspect Ratio from the The the (Down) Remote Procedure the the aspect the and the aspect
Functions Projection the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Function You choose from three of from the the Remote Procedure Each the the appears or
Functions Projection the to the of the that to Remote This when to to them such as and of the Procedure Remote C Remote The ratio appears the The selected to to the button to the the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the holding the Press the to
Functions Projection to It to the function of both the and the further the function to used. the operating the USB of and the USB the "USB the to rear of the with USB If the "Wireless the wireless to the the to the Once the the operated as follows. clicks the XP Professional/Vista Edition/ Right Double-click: Press with the EMP-1825. Macintosh:OS8.6-9.2/10.0-10.5 the previous or This slideshow. and To To USB To Release the to the and and the the location. To USB B) USB
Functions Enhancing Projection the of the buttons The wireless function while the If the to the While displayed While the function While displayed While following functions used. While sound function reversed.
Specifying the that to the when the ID Procedure the together with others, the that to the as below. ID". the Press the and then, from the the the to operated: ID of to operated: ID of ID: to operated: ID of ID: ID: the ID. the the operated each of the ID of the to the below the instructions. the "ID of to operated" The the ID" The the to the turned off, the "ID of the to operated" to such that operated from the the operated with the of the ID" Those which the ID" and "ID of to operated" the the following the The the as the "ID of the to operated". operated with the
Specifying the that to the when The ID of the to operated every the the ID of the to operated Choose the ID to and the C Press the to the While the [ID] the to the ID of the to operated. the the of each of the and then the following each. Procedure Once this only the specified operated with the You which operated with the the the of the to and then the [ID] The following displayed. as below. operations
each to that the match each to that they Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". Several and that the of from each the and tone of each with the brightness and tone match completely match closely. If or the locations that such as the or or heater from the might high least of each warning. to the following the that it than to the following ID to each the ID Summary of Procedure to and each to the Correction from to white the the each corrections following the with the ID. If the ID as the to the the ID
Several Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. the and corrections the the and the and Each the the displayed (B/Y)". the the brightness and tone each Correction finished, the to the to finished. You from usually Each selected, the of the selected the to or to or to displayed. Press the and from the the Procedure the and corrections the the and the and to the brightest from C the with "Brightness Correct.". to the from the the to to the brightness from
"Network Protect" to "On" "Network" Protect" to "On" the Background", and "A/V and the following from the the prohibited. "Network Protect" (EMP-1825 only) Protect" prohibited. The with of anti-theft security You people the the The the following security You who the without Anti-Theft Security Functions Protect) the This acts as anti-theft as the Furthermore, the that displayed when the to the At the of purchase, Protect activated, people who know the Protect activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect whenever the turned from the connected to the the On Protect" "On", the If the On Protect"
Security Functions Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the button. C Turn Protect". Press the the following to Protect. Protect Select "Network Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn "Network Protect". Press the the about The displayed. seconds. Remote Procedure If the correctly, the displayed. the If Protect already activated, the Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the the as further the the theft
Security Functions the displayed, the the the the and then the The displayed as the fourth the If the shown the buttons. The The the displayed, the this to While holding the four Select and then the displayed. the displayed While holding the the the pressing the buttons. Procedure Remote about and then the switches to outlet and then it and the that appears the and the If incorrect three the If the of the "The operation locked." back The displays the the and Service If this the from the that the If to the operation and input the "The operation locked. and the thirty the following as If the incorrectly, displayed The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the buttons the of the buttons the locked. You of the the the locked. off. Restricting Operation the and the operations they the the Select or This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated the The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. Press the and the Procedure about seconds, and Press and the the From the You release the of the from the following the released. the the
Security Functions the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. You about the that try and the Security the The security with the Security the often mounts and the includes the following security Security Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security
This chapter to the and its Info Only)................................................ the of Network (EMP-1825 Only) Operations the Network Soft operations................................................................49 LAN Security Wired LAN Others
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You choosing of the following. This item selected selected as the the R, G, B, C, M, You the of each (red), C individually. (This item selected when "Customized" selected from (This item selected "Customized" selected from Red, You the of each individually. You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the (This item selected selected as the the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness You the to their To items to their
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You whether, when the input the to the (On) or You the and right when of the that of the You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the IP each field the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the Computer1 input or Computer2 input Computer1 Computer2 You the aspect ratio You the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 To items to their
of Functions EMP-1810 EMP-1825 selected and to "On", of the and corrected. to manually H/V Corrects and Select of and If Corner Selects and corrects the four corners of the and correction manually. the and the You Function You this to operation of the Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and reduced. about life: about You the to of Brightness to operation or the light too to to the or that interference. You the reception of the from the You the of the You the the displayed that the without connecting other While the displayed, and and correction, To the the the or the You the to their To items to their
of Functions EMP-1810 EMP-1825 You whether to (On) or the when the input the when Background You the when to or You the (the when the displayed or A/V You the displayed A/V as or the when input, and You related to the Function Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Protect" to You the that displayed as background and A/V You from the following to the the
of Functions You whether (On) or when operations about while to "On" and the connected to that of electricity when input, or when about the A/V closed. Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or High to "On" when the of back the to turn automatically. Function You SNMP to and the of the the or using the "EMP software with You and functions while the when this to "Network On". this to "USB when the and connected USB and projected. LAN to "Wireless when the to operated the (EMP-1825 only) USB You from to white to and each 1to "Brightness Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You the the of each Brightness Correct. Corrects the the brightness of each Correct." and Correct". You the and brightness of each when and projecting. You and the to their To items to their the ID within the to that ID ID You the To EMP software, to and then the section. EMP software Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You You IP and to EMP-1810 to that with EMP You that to and the of or information and operation the Protect" to "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", displayed and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EMP-1825 Only) The following network "Wireless LAN "Security", "Wired LAN", "Others", and Once the items the to the The to the Network that Function To Network
of Functions The to the Selection from the top selection of and of selected items the as operations the Operations the Network Top to input. Press the to this the following software displayed. or or the and the to the the The items that input of alphanumerics the to the the the input. Soft operations to the following to and of or the this selected, and the the section this and selected, and the network without the the and the of the
of Functions Function You the to this to the The (where the of the MAC Address). You to characters. to "ON", to the when to to using this function, from from the Normally this should to "ON". to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the using the connected to when the software. You to characters. To third from the CompactFlash without input of to characters. Network
of Functions Wireless LAN Function WPS-compatible this allows to the easily. the to "To and the WPS displayed. the or "PIN WPS SSID. SSID the wireless LAN which the the SSID. The EPSON. You to characters. SSID "Quick" when to establish wireless "Advanced" to to the to establishing using EMP NS the wireless LAN strength. the wireless LAN Wireless LAN You input the the You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP If this to "On" You whether to DHCP (On) or DHCP You from to each of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway To the IP from displayed the this to IP To the SSID from displayed the this to SSID Indicates the MAC Address. MAC
of Functions "Network and then the From the of the Procedure the and the easily from the Either of the WPS-compatible the the or "PIN used. WPS Protected Pressing both the the and the The SSID and security displayed the The the and the already established. with the This the without to buttons the the the SSID and security to recommends the of this when the Therefore, the of this when the to this to the from the to the which then and together. from the PIN The Network displayed. WPS
of Functions using the Procedure From the "Wireless LAN" "To and then the Select and then the prompted the the the The displayed. The WPS Protected displayed. The whether the or PIN selected. below. the PIN follow follow the the the Then, the displayed.
of Functions Select and then the button. C prompted the the the This the of the the and the Press the and then the to the Select and then to the Press the or the This the The wireless LAN appears.
of Functions From the input the PIN to the and then the to this to the the and the already established using the PIN with the the PIN Select "PIN and then the Procedure The displayed. This the The "PIN displayed.
of Functions C Press the or the The wireless LAN appears. Select and then the This the of the the and the Press the and then the to the Select and then to the
of Functions Security Function "TKIP TKIP PSK to the which to to EAP and authentication These such as EAP-TLS which WPA includes user authentication WPA authentication authentication or authenticating This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA this and wireless LAN of the following and authentication This the encrypted the and the match. and without This the without authentification, LEAP which user ID and and EAP-TTLS. encrypted with (WEP WEP which of security WPA/WPA2 WEP EAP security, follow the instructions from the of the network about to access. Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security
of Functions CA EAP-TLS Authentication ID, EAP-TTLS and CA to the of and CA If using EAP, to the that match the authentication with network follow the from the of to the These with EAP-TLS. RADIUS ID, ID, PEAP/EAP-GTC ID, LEAP
of Functions Function WEP selected the which the The type of character and the that to the "WEP Encryption" If the of characters shorter than the character length, character encrypted. If the of characters You the WEP the characters following instructions from the than the character length, characters that the encrypted. "ASCII": alphanumerics, characters. "ASCII": alphanumerics, characters. "HEX": to and to F, characters. "HEX": to and to F, characters. and "Format" You the input the WEP encrypted HEX ASCII Format You the WEP WEP Selects the WEP ID ID Encryption Encryption Encryption Encryption
of Functions WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You than characters the option from than characters. You PreSharedKey (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the PreSharedKey and the pressed, the and displayed as Operation Function Function Information the displayed. You EAP-TLS selected PSK (Encryption by/Validity You authentication characters. You to characters. the You than characters the from than characters. and the pressed, the and as You than characters the from than characters. You user to authentication characters You to characters. EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, or EAP-FAST/GTC selected Function
of Functions Wired LAN Function You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP If this to "On" You whether to DHCP (On) or DHCP To the IP from the this to IP Indicates the MAC Address. MAC
of Functions this the abnormal/warning You input the of the to the to. You to three You to characters the You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP You input the the SMTP The You input to Function You whether to (On) or You the or to about the selected abnormality or the to the specified "Destination notifying that abnormality or warning occurred. You items from the items.
of Functions You the SNMP To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should Others The IP "Trap IP when the IP "Trap IP accessed. to (where from to You to the SNMP You from to each field of the the following IP used. Function the wireless or wired. Gateway SNMP IP SNMP IP "On" and the connected to AMX Discovery. when the connected to AMX or that AMX Discovery to the AMX Discovery
of Functions of the Function the the appears. To of the
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) You the of "Computer1 or "Computer2 the to the "Source". You the input the connected currently Source Function reaches the the characters displayed yellow. You the operating You the of the This information about that occurred the This information service required. The as "0H" the first hours. This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their "Computer1 "Computer2 items You items to their and You clear the hours and to "0H". when the Hours Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................69 lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the on-screen to the the Procedure and as shown the Press the to below. the the Press the The displayed. Select If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. the flashing. the this Warm-up The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop the the from the and or the the and Service Stop the the from the and or the the and Service The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or High (overheating) and or the the and Service If the the the the from the of or "High to "On". the and cracked. the following If the Stop the the from the and or the the and Service If the the with and the If cracked the and the yourself, to of the If cracked with or further If the replaced). Clean the of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the cover and the securely
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, clean or High Warning with If the or the the and If the operating properly, though the showing to the Service
when If of the following and the offer to the each the The sound heard or the sound abnormality the Other Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing Moving Projection appear relating to The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." displayed The or of The whole appears purplish or white, appearing the match, this and LCD performance, that the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right appear Nothing appears the
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the the A/V the A/V closed? when the to the the connected the correct? the to only. the to the LCD and the when from displayed Press the to the If to the to "Extended"-"Operation"-"Sleep to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from Projection
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." displayed to the to the and the refresh from the of displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the to Turn the the If the to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the own and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from The recommended from to to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? Check or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the turn the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to and from the If the correctly the If used, interference the the with the to the using causing the used? that the securely connected. the correctly? the that the with this of Supported Displays" the selected? when from when the and "Tracking correctly? Press the the to the aspect the of "Normal", and the aspect to the projected? Press the the to the The or or the aspect when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the If the correctly the from the from the correctly? If activated the of the only about of the the projected. To the the off the the the that the with the of Supported the selected? when when
of from connected to the Computer1, Computer2 input the following to the the connected "Computer1/2 the input match the from the connected right from connected to or the from the "Image"-"Color the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" from the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" from the "Image"-"Brightness" the correctly? the "Contrast" from the the correctly? when from the "Brightness" and "Brightness from the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the and correctly? the "Contrast" from the the correctly? appear The that displayed from Computer1 the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the from other than the Computer1 projected? Nothing appears the
when There the or the the and or the the and Service If this the the the from the Press and the the about seconds, and the released. the to The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the and off when the touched? the to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back Press the to the back the "Remote from the receiver" the the selected? the back immediately Direct or the off? sound heard or the sound Other the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the Check that the connected to the the connected correctly? The The operating the about and about vertically. the towards the receiver. The operating the about the too from the the light-emitting the the when operated?
the location where light the receiver. the to from "Remote the receiver" sunlight or light from the receiver? This to the If of the buttons the than seconds, the the such as when or top of the released, Press the [ID] the the of the to operated. the operation off the and then the ID and the ID matched? the correctly or the with necessary. the from the receiver" the the selected? the or the correctly? than seconds? To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? If the or the the and the to Service abnormality the (EMP-1825 only) abnormality and the to that the LAN connected correctly. connected or connected correctly. the LAN connected correctly? of to the the correctly. "Network"-"Mail" correctly the that outlet or functioning correctly. to the
This chapter information to the of performance from the to Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to Connecting LAN (EMP-1825 Only).......95 Optional and Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the to the the operating the to the Screen and (EMP-1825 Only) Connecting USB (EMP-1825 Only) to Cards..........................................................92 to Cards Card Access and Ejecting CompactFlash Cards Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) Appendices Optional ESC/VP21 Commands Command Network (EMP-1825).........................100 (EMP-1825 Only) of Supported Specifications....................................................103 specification..................................................... Software EMP-1825).................................. Appearance........................................................108 Index...................................................................109
from (Rear from front of the The the following four its mount. This serious to to the screws from and of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and the mount and the or and Warning the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the projection) the its This malfunctions to You the as follows the [A/V the about "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" from the seconds. optional mount when the from
If collects the the internal of the to and this to with operation and shorten the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with cloth to the Cleaning the cloth cleaning to the clean the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and "The overheating. nothing the and or the to the Clean the and the when the following displayed.
the of the and the to the the the with batteries. This section to the the and the If the of the or that the becoming this them with ready to when required. the Remote Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the batteries. Instructions Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should high brightness: About hours brightness: About hours as as ready incase The the the displayed when Flashing displayed. The flashes The or to
the off the and the Procedure and should to the of the cover, when the cover If of If the of which the cover gently. of the should that the the there that the or mouth, immediately. Warning to the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the straight and to the cover. the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the cooled sufficiently the there that the the to enough.
that fits firmly, and once the the the the the screws. C the fixing screws. If the cracked, with or further If the yourself, to of the
the cover. the off as Please or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with The records the turned and and when to the the the hours from the the operating the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly.
the from the and clicks C the The though the It to the when: The ripped. cleaned. the The when the from to the of properly with of the section: Polycarbonate, ABS of the section: Polyurethane resin the of the and it to the the off the and the Procedure
the From the You the that currently as the buttons and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the erased. Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to the the C "Choose this as the displayed, or the function If selected when currently the the or the the to the as to the of the
"Select this displayed, The recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed." displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while it Once the otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the You to
Units: Units: Projection the following to choose the The only and to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Screen of
Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-1825 Only) connected to the that the and and CardPlayer. "PC that USB played back and USB Operations" The following to USB using to the using USB with, or specified with as Connecting USB Devices to the Devices such as and USB should If USB the correctly. AC with the connected to the directly. To [USB A] USB To USB of USB than length. If the CardPlayer function correctly.
and Ejecting CompactFlash Cards (EMP-1825 Only) to Cards The following to and CompactFlash cards. On the EMP-1825, CompactFlash as memory the of the or the CompactFlash Doing the or the to malfunction. Press the the of the The Procedure the malfunction carrying the to the CompactFlash CompactFlash that the or to Cards Card the CompactFlash the with its top the as as facing Procedure CompactFlash
and Ejecting CompactFlash Cards (EMP-1825 Only) The CompactFlash from the the Press the from the CompactFlash the the of the indicated the lighting of the Card Access to the back If the become or other Flashing from or written to the CompactFlash Flashing Access The CompactFlash operations. The CompactFlash by.
You with built-in amplifiers to the with and with the to of sound. the Connecting to Connecting to and the the when connected to the This that to the with the input to the Computer1 displayed when the Connecting to To the the to the and from the built-in To and connected to the Computer2 and The the and and to to To with
Connecting LAN (EMP-1825 Only) with or type LAN To LAN LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN
ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 when the high plate ELPFC03 Optional and of to without and The following of optional as of January, the country of purchase. or the the and to this Service of to the from when the mount ELPMB18 This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional as ELPAF08 as ELPLP40 of these the with the HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 too to ELPKC19
AMX Discovery AMX Corporation. the AMX to this and implemented whereby this functions (ON). the easily to the AMX URL AMX Discovery This section easily that with the and that the text of this to other publications. The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio that the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that contained the to to that of three and which the and to of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of sound Normal that which to this and This (router) to of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and of whereby the from from top to to High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or greater reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV to to IP The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV
Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP this the that they the recording these played back the they to their as This the IP the SNMP SNMP Trap IP This that the of the from the IP international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to SSID connecting with counterpart wireless LAN. Wireless that to SSID. SSID of The of the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the blurriness, and interference Synchronization type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA of quality. The of the of these (the of the The from If the match this the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to to that of and C WPS of Protected Protected the as of easily and wireless LAN. WPS type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA
input RS-232C Connector If the terminates abnormally, the ON to the the and the input, the the command and and then the command. turned and ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF SOURCE selection SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL (EMP-1825 only) ready DTR DTR DSR ground GND GND GND ready DSR DSR DTR Function <At the (PC <At the TD TD RD RD RD TD Flow length: Parity: Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (CR) to the of each and Command Computer1 MSEL Item
the connected to the of the following function, and You and using The "EMP NS of "EMP NS with the or "Network features and such as the function with Network (EMP-1825) the the Turn the to the Procedure network-connected without the to The "Network function of the OS and Click From network-connected to LAN shown the of the You prompted to the the C Click "Accessories" "Network You the its IP or allow the OS to of the connected Once the OS of the connected the that to The displayed. Supported OS
and Information Industries Association) as network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and the to URL: the JBMIA. Class established the JBMIA (EMP-1825 Only) Command Function AVMT AVMT AVMT AVMT and Non-compatible commands displayed information EPSON Command Connector INPT Computer1 input INPT Computer2 input INPT input INPT input "Product information EMP-1825
Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate of Supported Used of Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA Aspect Ratio TV (NTSC) (PAL, SECAM) TV Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV SXGA the VGA when other than those input, that the projected. However, supported. SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
this TM DNX ICs EMP-1810 EMP-1825 Product Specifications to to than it and If the of of (W) (H) (D) including XGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP40 Polysilicon TFT active to to to to AC to supply to to Approx Approx to +60C to 35C
Specifications Computer1 input Connectors Computer2 input input RJ45 LAN RS-232C input DIN input RCA input RCA input Other specifications, please location (country/area) from USB to that USB. This USB2.0. USB B) USB B) USB B) USB A) USB A) USB A) CompactFlash Card USB wireless LAN
Specifications USB EMP EMP EMP NS The software with the the following operationg Software EMP-1825) SP4/XP/XP SP1/ XP Recommended: or III or SP4/XP or Edition/XP SP2 MMX or Recommended: II or Recommended: or or SP4/ XP/XP SP1/XP SP4/XP/XP SP1/ XP OS PC G3 or Recommended: or III or CPU OS or OS or Recommended: of XGA or higher Recommended: MB or MB or MB or MB or MB or MB or MB or of SVGA or higher or higher Recommended: MB or MB or of XGA of about or higher or higher Recommended: MB or MB or Memory To of Office2000/XP/2003/2007 or
Specifications USA: UL60950-1 This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. CSA C22.2 EU: The Directive IEC/EN60950-1 (2006/95/EC) USA: FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class EU: The EMC Directive EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 (2004/108/EC) EN55024 EMC Australia/New Zealand: AS/NZS CISPR Class
Specifications Class to of the FCC These there that interference reception, which turning the off and the installation. If this interference to and instructions, interference to or reception. and, and with the to reasonable protection interference to to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the This and the from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. FCC United States or the which the connected. following Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located and interference which the established the than interface connected to FCC this It the responsibility of the to and the FCC or Declaration of this shielded interface with this If this the authority to the interfaces. or the The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the to the responsibility that the following FCC forth This The wireless LAN WN6501CEP with should and operated with FCC Radiation the and of Product: EPSON EMP-1825/1810
3-M4 Appearance of from of to fixing Units: