Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates procedures which or Notations Used This Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of the section of the "Appendices". The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. Indicates where information topic found. Procedure Indicates that the from the Clicking this the Indicates that the the following Clicking this the following Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. "Brightness"
who the Protect to and Enhanced functions The following to the EMP-1815 and the EMP-1810. EMP-1815/1810 Common restricts the You this to people without and The with the following security with anti-theft operation. corrected and matched to the of the This corrects the to simplify Ease of the to and off when the to which the connected switched or off. where centrally, such as Direct On/Off Security Security to easily and closing the A/V which clear The A/V You and easy to and You the without to the to cool first. The allows of to whether the or High mounted. foot to You easily height with hand.
Security than You as of the security of wireless LAN The EMP-1815 to wired or wireless LAN The which this increase as shown below the PC supplied. EMP-1815 You to operations and You each the or the displays while the displays. and third and wireless You to the LAN easily to wireless LAN to to easily Wireless LAN USB from the to (USB You to and then playback to the without Presentations without Operation This allows to of operations or other You without showing spectators only
that become warped or otherwise affected heat the and or the while Function and Functions and the of the such as when the C the foot to and the front foot. Foot the closing the and the sound (A/V when the to A/V from the Remote Function the to and the A/V the the A/V the off, this that the light this that Whether they flashing or the the light red, this that of USB A. USB USB occurred. (EMP-1815 Only) USB this cover when the C cover
and Functions (EMP-1815 Only) C LAN this the the to wireless Wireless LAN Function when the PC function used. from connected to the This CompactFlash You write to the CompactFlash Card Indicates the of the CompactFlash C Card Press this to the CompactFlash
and Functions when to or the This and other from the when The displays Function C C through when to the anti-theft to the optional mount when the from Turn to and to the C Rear foot Function Security fixing This screw to the wireless LAN Wireless LAN wireless LAN Screw to
and Functions that connected to the or input These to the of Function input Rear RS-232C This and to the with the from should normally used. RS-232C Security The security with the Security from the and USBs, and the memory and with the PC of and the LAN. LAN connected, USB A) (EMP-1815 only) (EMP-1815 only) LAN to the Computer1 input to the from the or other This input to other than the Computer1 input Function C (EMP-1815 only). Wireless LAN USB and the the this to with to the wireless function. USB B) the to from other from and Computer1 input the sound of the currently to to the from C input to the of the connected to the Computer1 input input from input
and Functions from other from and Function Computer2 input to the of the connected to the Computer2 input input
and Functions If of or screen selection and to the the displayed, and the synchronization, and to the Function If when or displayed, these Corrects items and displayed, to the previous If when the function. shows to with they and the which the or off. Function C If when or displayed, these buttons items and Corrects buttons and the connected to the and to the input that that perfectly matches Press this to the the of the C [Source Search] The of the and whether they flashing or the of the
and the wireless function or Network the the buttons. Function the and or off. C [A/V Press to the EMP-1815 C to from the input Each the pressed, the to from the Computer2 input [Comp2] to from the Computer1 input [Comp1] to the This the EMP-1810. (EMP-1815 only) [EasyMP] these buttons when ID or ID. to from the input the without the of that the Function [E-Zoom]button connected to the and to the input that [Search]
and Functions activated, this the or the wireless function displayed, selects items and the it Function Function Decreases the Increases the the or off. and the Remote light-emitting If of the synchronization, and to the shows to with they and the which operated the Also, Press this to the to the ID. [ID] this when or ID. The aspect ratio each the pressed. or selection and to the Acts as when the wireless displayed, and the function. the function. If when displayed, to the Acts as right when the wireless function. or
Functions of or More Projectors......30 the ID................................................... the Remote ID........................................ This chapter and and the security Correcting Distortion the Automatically Correcting Distortion properly the Corner) the Projected to the Summary of Procedure............................... Correction Several Security Protect)............................... of Protect Protect................................................................ the Restricting Anti-Theft the lock................................................................... the Projected (Source Search) Directly from the Automatically Incoming and the Functions Projection................. (Selecting the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the the Aspect Ratio Function of the the Remote to the (Wireless Selecting the Projection Quality
To the from Corner to Select Corner" to and the the or the The the H/V- about seconds and the following where the change. Corner correction. Correcting Distortion the Projected There four to as below. Press the to the aspect ratio the to the correction of This allows to manually each of the four corners of the This allows to manually the and independently. separately. correction Corner Switch to Switches the correction to Corner: the Corner the to the to the The Corner", and "H/V- required.
Correcting Distortion the Projected or or top corrects the that fits within the and or within the aspect ratio of The the of the projected properly the whiteboard or that the aspect ratio of the to to the operation. to corrects the that of aspect ratio of the corrected when the to the the within the that fits perfectly the Automatically Correcting Distortion the mounted from the the corrected that the of the such as the fits the top and or or to corrected once memory the turned off. the The correction the the
Correcting Distortion the Press of and the The Corner selecting the four corners displayed. of the clearly, such as to correction within the or the to "W", the Furthermore, the both vertically and should correction become than the effective correction when the below. If the these white with protecting of white the correction correctly. Vertically: 45Horizontally: Vertically: 45Horizontally: without correcting to within below. the or Select the to corrected, and the the to the Corner) To this function the the to This function corrects each of the four corners of the to the with the Procedure
Correcting Distortion the Projected C Correct the of the the and buttons the or the the If the below displayed the correction, this that the correction amount reached. To the correction, the the or
the the connected and the input from the You the buttons to to the input You the the following The input from Source Search directly projected. the or of connected, the [Source Search] the projected. Automatically Incoming and the Projected (Source Search) The following showing the of currently or when operation about seconds, the connected to If found. You the input where the when only the that the input when the [Source You the as input with Search] Computer2 Computer1 The input where input when EMP-1815. the wireless LAN supplied. connected, playback this operation. Procedure
the You directly to the the following buttons the Directly from the Remote from the input to to from the input from the Computer2 to input Remote the Computer1 input to from the EMP-1810. This to the (EMP-1815 only)
Procedure Functions You easily the selecting the that to surroundings when The brightness of the the selected. Selecting the Projection Quality (Selecting Each the the the and the bright bright This the brightest and tones black-and- white bright Text Application such as bright The and brought input) TV bright or The and brought to life. input) Sports Theatre The the from the If the while the the to the this tint, when Blackboard Select "Customized" to "R,G,B,C,M,Y" from the that to the
Functions Enhancing You choose to or as the A/V If this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where A/V the "Extended"-"Display"-"A/V from the activated. or to such as when You this when to the what from the and Sound Temporarily (A/V the supply to off the A/V and A/V about from the Remote Procedure Each the or the A/V or closed, A/V or off.
Functions Enhancing from without the photo. Also, operations such as the the the to function activated the Remote Procedure Each the or off. to from the where If the while the while the and or displayed, the or The to the while used. displayed cleared.
Functions If the while the aspect displayed the it to the aspect You the aspect ratio as follows. connected, that recorded or the Aspect Ratio The the from the (Down) Remote Procedure the the aspect the and the aspect
Functions Projection the Remote This allows to the and to the about. Function You choose from three of from the the Remote Procedure Each the the appears or
Functions Enhancing Projection the to the of the that to This when to to them such as and of the Remote C Remote Procedure The ratio appears the The selected to to the to the Each the pressed, the expanded. You You reduce the the button. holding the Press the to
Functions Projection to It to the function of both the and the further the function to used. the operating the USB of and the USB the "USB the to of the with USB If the "Wireless the wireless to the the Remote to the Once the the operated as follows. clicks the Edition/XP Professional (OS Right Double-click: Press with the EMP-1815. the or This slideshow. and To previous To USB B) USB To USB To Release the to the and and the the location.
Functions Projection the operation of the buttons The wireless function while the If the to the While displayed While the function While displayed While following functions used. While sound function
the ID Remote of or More Procedure or the the ID the the ID the ID to both the ID the [ID] and buttons the and the Press the and ID" from the the the the the turned off and the The ID and ID to its ID Choose the ID to and the the and the operations they the the
Remote of or More You to the ID turn the the Remote ID C Press the to the this completed, only operations from matching ID or whose ID to accepted. the the the to Press the [ID] Procedure Press the of the as the You the with the specified ID ID of the to Press the [ID] the the the to operated with the following You whether or Checking operation of the to operated. operations
each to that the match using each to that they Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. (B/Y)". Several and the and tone of each with that the of from the brightness and tone match completely each match closely. If or the locations that such as the or or heater from the might high least of each warning. to the following the that than to the following ID to each the ID Summary of Procedure to and each to the Correction from to white the the each corrections following the with the ID. If the ID as the to the the ID
Several Correct. (G/R)" and Correct. the and corrections the the and the and Each the the displayed (B/Y)". the the and tone each Correction finished, the to the to finished. You from usually selected, the of the selected Select the to or to or to displayed. Press the and from the the Procedure the and corrections the the and the and to the brightest from C the brightness with "Brightness Correct.". to the from Each the the displayed to to the brightness from
"Network Protect" to "On" Protect" to "On" the Background", and "A/V and the following from the the prohibited. "Network Protect" (EMP-1815 only) Protect" prohibited. The with of anti-theft security You people the the The the following security You who the without Anti-Theft Security Functions Protect) the This acts as anti-theft as the Furthermore, the that displayed when turn the to the At the of purchase, Protect activated, people who know the Protect activated. The following three of to the used. of Protect whenever the disconnected from the supply it connected to the the On Protect" "On", the If the On Protect"
Security Functions Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the C Turn Protect". Press the the following to Protect. Protect Select "Network Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn "Network Protect". Press the the about The displayed. seconds. Procedure If the correctly, the displayed. the If Protect already activated, the Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect". Press the the as further the the theft
Security Functions the displayed, the using the buttons the the and then the The displayed as the fourth the If the shown using the buttons. The The the displayed, the this to While holding the four Select and then the button. displayed. the While holding the the the the buttons. Procedure about and then the switches to outlet and then and the that appears the and the If incorrect three the If the of the "The locked." back The displays the the World-Wide Warranty If this the from the that the buttons Remote If to the and input the "The operation locked. displayed and the thirty the following as If the incorrectly, displayed The accepted." displayed. prompting to the the
Security Functions operations from the including turning the or of the following to the operation buttons the of the buttons the locked. You of the the the locked. off. Restricting the buttons and the operations they the the Select or This or shows when to buttons and or when to operation. The operated the The buttons to the C Select when the displayed. chose. Press the and the Procedure about seconds, displayed and Press and the the From the You release the of the "Operation from the following the released. the the
Security the with the locking anti-theft through the the instructions. You about the that try and the Security the The security with the Security the often mounts and the includes the following security Security Anti-Theft through the to the to or theft-prevention Security
This chapter to the and its the of Network (EMP-1815 Only) Operations the Network Soft operations................................................................47 Wireless LAN Security Wired LAN SNMP Info Only).................................................57
C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the Top Select the to the the
Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each of Functions Function You the of the to surroundings. You the light and the You the the You the brightness. Brightness You the of the You tints from to K. high selected the (This item selected selected as the the becomes with when selected the becomes with red. R, G, B, C, M, You the of each (red), C individually. (This item selected or "Customized" selected from (This item selected when "Customized" selected from Red, You the of each individually. You choosing of the following when NTSC input You the tint. You the sharpness. Sharpness You the to their To items to their
of Functions Items that the currently as shown the following shots. each You whether, when the input the automatically to the (On) or You the and right when of the that of the projected. You when or interference appear the You when appear the Tracking Function If to automatically. If interference appears the or such as when to the to the connected IP each field the This with amount of On: This when input) If appear correctly when to the to the connected If to the input to the connected You the input from the Computer1 input or Computer2 input Computer1 Computer2 You the aspect ratio You the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 To items to their
of Functions EMP-1810 EMP-1815 selected and to "On", of the and corrected. to manually H/V Corrects and Select of and If Corner Selects and corrects the four corners of the and correction manually. the and buttons the You Function You this to operation of the Select the too bright such as when or selected, the amount of electricity and the operating as follows, and rotation reduced. about life: about You the brightness to of Brightness to operation or the light too to to the or that interference. You the reception of the from the Remote You the of the You the the displayed that the without connecting other While the displayed, and and correction, To the the the or the You the to their To items to their
of Functions EMP-1810 EMP-1815 You whether to (On) or the when the input the when Background You the when to or You the (the when the displayed or A/V You the displayed A/V as "Black", or the when input, and You related to the Function Protect" to "On" Protect", concerning You You the as follows the [A/V the about seconds. "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" Protect" to You the that as background and displayed A/V You from the following to the the
of Functions You whether (On) or when operations about while to "On" and the connected to that of electricity when to the of purchase, to off the input, or when about the A/V closed. Direct On You whether Direct On (On) or High to "On" when the of back the to turn automatically. Function You SNMP to and the of the the or the "EMP software with this You and while the when this to "Network On". to "USB when the and connected USB and projected. Wireless LAN to "Wireless when the to operated the (EMP-1815 only) USB You from to white to and each 1to "Brightness Correct. (G/R) Correct. (B/Y) You the the of each Brightness Correct. Corrects the the brightness of each Correct." and Correct". You the and of each when and You and the to their To items to their the ID within the to that ID ID You the displays. Protect" to "On" Protect", relating to You Protect" to "High
of Functions "Network Protect" to "On" Protect", displayed and the You "Network Protect" to Network (EMP-1815 Only) The following "Wireless LAN "Security "Wired LAN "SNMP and "Complete Once the items the connected to the The to the Network that The and the from the connected to the Function To Network that input of text from easily as to input the
of Functions The to the Selection from the top selection of and of selected items the as operations the Operations the Network Top to input. Press the to this the following software displayed. or or the and the to the the The items that input of the to the the the input. Soft operations to the following to "Complete and of or the Each this selected, and the the section this and selected, and the without the the and the network of the network
of Functions Function You the connected to this to the The (where the of the MAC Address). You to characters. to "ON", to the when to to using this function, from from the Normally this should to "ON". to when and the You to characters. function that allows to and the using the EMP to when the using software. You to characters.
of Functions Wireless LAN Function ESSID. ESSID the wireless LAN which the the ESSID. The You to characters. EPSON. ESSID "Quick" to establish wireless "Advanced" to to the the the wireless LAN strength. the wireless LAN LAN You input the the You from to each field of the the following used. You from to each of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP If this to "On" You whether to DHCP (On) or DHCP
of Functions Security Function "TKIP TKIP PSK to the which to to EAP and authentication These such as EAP-TLS which WPA includes authentication WPA authentication using authentication or authenticating This that security which of WEP. Although there of WPA this and wireless LAN of the following and authentication methods. This the encrypted the and the match. and without This the without authentification, LEAP which ID and and EAP-TTLS. encrypted with (WEP WEP which of security WPA WEP EAP security, follow the instructions from the of the about to access. Select the security type from the items that displayed. Security
of Functions Software ID, EAP-TTLS Notes Authentication CA EAP-TLS and CA to the of and CA If EAP, to the that match the authentication with follow the from the of to the These with EAP-TLS. RADIUS ID, PEAP/EAP-GTC ID, LEAP Microsoft Corporation ID,
of Functions Function WEP selected the which the The type of character and the that to the "WEP Encryption" If the of characters shorter than the character length, character encrypted. If the of characters You the WEP the characters following instructions from the than the character length, characters that the encrypted. when "ASCII": alphanumerics, to characters when "ASCII": alphanumerics, to characters when "HEX": to and to F, to characters when "HEX": to and to F, to characters and "Format" You the input the WEP encrypted HEX ASCII Format You the WEP WEP Selects the WEP ID ID Encryption Encryption Encryption Encryption
of Functions WPA-PSK (TKIP) or WPA2-PSK (AES) selected You than characters the option from than characters. You PreSharedKey (encrypted characters. least and to characters. the PreSharedKey and the pressed, the and displayed as Function Function Information the displayed. You EAP-TLS selected PSK (Encryption Issued to/Issued by/Validity You authentication characters. You to characters. the You than characters the from than characters. and the pressed, the and as You than characters the from than characters. You to authentication characters You to characters. EAP-TTLS/MD5, EAP-TTLS/MS-CHAPv2, PEAP/GTC, LEAP, or EAP-FAST/GTC selected Function
of Functions Wired LAN Function You input the the You input from to each field of the the following used. You from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP assigned to the IP If this to "On" You whether to DHCP (On) or DHCP You from to each field of the the following used. to (where from to You input the IP the the Gateway
of Functions this the abnormal/warning You input the of the to the to. You to three You to characters the You input from to each field of the the following IP used. to (where from to You input the IP the SMTP the SMTP You input the the SMTP The You input to Function You whether to (On) or You the or to about the selected abnormality or the to the specified "Destination notifying that abnormality or warning occurred. You items from the items.
of Functions You the SNMP To SNMP to the to the SNMP SNMP should SNMP The IP "Trap IP when the IP "Trap IP accessed. to (where from to You to the SNMP You from to each field of the However, the following IP used. Function SNMP IP SNMP IP
of Functions the of the and the of the Items the currently as shown the following shots. Info Only) You the of "Computer1" or "Computer2" the to the "Source". You the input the connected currently projected. Source Function reaches the warning the characters yellow. You the operating You the of the This information about that occurred the This information service required. The as "0H" the first hours. This information service required. You the information. Info You the input You the refresh Refresh Rate
of Functions The following items to their "Computer1 "Computer2 items You items to their Hours", and You clear the and to "0H". when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators......................................................61 lights or flashing o the relating to when Other
the the C Confirm the selection. If with the on-screen displays to the the and as shown the Press the to below. the the Press the The displayed. Procedure If to the to the the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up about seconds. warm-up the flashing. the this Projection Warm-up The with the following three that the operating of the Indicates the operating Reading the Indicates the internal Indicates the If off, that the connected correctly and that the normally. when the the this to the following to what the and to that they
lights or Stop the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty Terms The off and about about the that the and clear, and that the switches to the following If the clogged, or High (overheating) If the the using the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty Terms of or "High to "On". the and cracked. the following If the Stop the the from the and or the the World-Wide Warranty Terms If the the with and turn the If cracked the and the yourself, to of the If cracked with or further If the replaced). Clean the of or "High to "On". If the cover or the securely the switch that the and the securely installed.
to the Flashing or flashing o or Warning If to the the passed, the that the increases. with as as that the and clear, and that the (This abnormality. the too high automatically.) If the clogged, or High Warning with If the or the the World-Wide If the operating properly, though the showing to the Warranty
when If of the following and the offer to the each the The sound heard or the sound abnormality the Other Projection the completely the completely and from appear and nothing displayed Projection appear relating to The or or the aspect such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appears The "Not supported." displayed The or of The whole appears or white, and LCD appearing the match, this performance, that the the and the appear and of of the displayed, or the height and of the correct, and right appear Nothing appears the
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. that outlet or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? input such as screen completely the completely of the the correct? Press the to the the the A/V the A/V closed? the to the the connected the correct? the to only. the to the LCD and the when from when displayed Press the to the If to the to to "On"? or with built-in LCD when from Projection
the to the the connected the correct? The "Not supported." displayed to the to the and the refresh from the of displays" when from when the and the refresh to the The or accessory Computer's title such as or "Connecting when the externally, they appear the LCD that the computer's to Turn the the If the only to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the of the or already turned the function to the to as as the and the off and then back the to the the the [Source Search] the or the the input selected? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned or with built-in LCD when from The recommended from to to within this the the Turn the to the the correctly? or of the of the and this the to appear the the about hour used. If If the from to or the the off and the to the the to reduce the amount of correction. the too
the to the the connected the correct? Interference or appear Press the the or the the to and from the If the correctly the If used, interference the the with the to the causing the used? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the with this of Supported Displays" the selected? when from when the and "Tracking correctly? Press the the to the aspect the of "Normal", and the aspect to the projected? Press the the to the The truncated or or the aspect when when Press the the or the the to from other while of the projected. If the correctly the using from the from the correctly? If activated the of the about of the the projected. To the the off the the the that the with the of Supported Displays" the selected? when when
of from connected to the Computer1, Computer2 input the following to the the "Computer1/2 the input match the from the connected right from connected to or the from the "Image"-"Color the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" from the "Image"-"Color Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? that the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" from the "Image"-"Brightness" the brightness correctly? the "Contrast" from the "Image"-"Contrast" the correctly? when from the "Brightness" and "Brightness from the "Image"-"Brightness" "Settings"-"Brightness the brightness and correctly? the "Contrast" from the the correctly? appear The that displayed from Computer1 the nearly ready the become and the becomes this the with the from other than the Computer1 projected? Nothing appears the
when There the or the the and or the the World-Wide Warranty If this the using the the from the Terms Press and the the about seconds, displayed and the released. the operation to The connected correctly or normally. that or functioning correctly. the correctly. the switched off? Press the to the the the and off when the touched? the to the when "Direct On" to "On", the back [Power]Press the to the back the "Remote from the receiver" the the selected? the back immediately Direct or the turned off? sound heard or the sound Other commercially the Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the that the connected to the the connected correctly? The The operating the about and about vertically. the the receiver. The operating the about the too from the the light-emitting the the when operated?
the location where light the receiver. the to from "Remote the receiver" sunlight or light from the receiver? This to the If of the buttons the than seconds, the the such as when or top of the released, Press the [ID] the the of the to operated. the operation off the and then the ID and the ID matched? the correctly or the with necessary. the "Remote from the receiver" the the selected? the or the correctly? than seconds? To the function when the "Network On" from the to "Network On"? If the or the the World-Wide the to Warranty Terms abnormality the (EMP-1815 only) abnormality and the to that the LAN connected correctly. connected or connected correctly. the LAN correctly? of abnormalities to the the correctly. "Network"-"Mail" correctly the that or functioning correctly. to the
This chapter information to the of performance from the to Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to Connecting LAN Optional Accessories and Optional ESC/VP21 Commands Command (EMP-1815 Only) of Supported Specifications......................................................93 Appearance..........................................................97 Index.....................................................................98 Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote the to the the operating the to the and Devices) (EMP-1815 Only).................................. Connecting USB Devices (EMP-1815 Only) How to Cards..........................................................83 to Cards Card Access or Memory and Ejecting CompactFlash Cards Connecting USB Devices
from (Rear from front of the The the following four the and the from from (Rear/Ceiling the and the from from front of the its mount. This serious to to the screws from and the its This malfunctions of when the the the crack causing to from from or things such as or If the mount to the screws from mount). If or the mount, correctly, causing and the mount and the or and to You the as follows the [A/V the about "Rear" or "Rear/Ceiling" from the seconds. optional mount when the from
If collects the the of the to and this to with operation and the service life. Clean the immediately when the displayed. You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the the cloth with cloth to the Cleaning the cloth cleaning to the the The of the or such as or thinner to become Cleaning the If displayed, cleaning, to the with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them than this the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and "The overheating. nothing the and or the to the Clean the and the when the following displayed.
the with batteries. This section to the the and the the of the and the to the the If the of the or that the becoming this them with batteries. ready to when required. the Remote Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the catch, the cover the cover. the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the batteries. Instructions Procedure Catch
The to appear the following to the brightness and of the "Brightness It to the when: the passed, the that the increases. If to the the the appears, the with the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should continually high brightness: About hours continually brightness: About hours as as ready incase The the the displayed when projecting. to the Flashing displayed. The flashes and should to the of the cover, when the cover If of the cover. If the burns or other It about hour the turned off the cooled sufficiently If the of which the cover gently. of the should that the the because there that the or mouth, immediately. the to cool enough. The or to
C the fixing screws. the turn off the and the Procedure the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver the cooled then with the or head screwdriver. Then the cover straight and to the cover. If the cracked, with or further If the yourself, to of the
the cover. that fits firmly, and once it the the the the the screws. the off as Please regulations or If the or the cover correctly, the This includes that mercury the securely. If the cover recycling. of with The records the and and when to the the the hours from the the operating the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly.
the from the and clicks C the The displayed though the It to the when: The ripped. cleaned. the The when the from to the of properly with of the section: ABS of the section: Polyurethane resin the of the and to the the off the and the Procedure
the From the You the that currently as the and the operations they the the the to as the and then the the previous Procedure If Protect" from Protect" You to "On", and the Protect" to the the C "Choose this as the displayed, or the function If selected when currently the the or the the to the as to the of the
"Select this displayed, The recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to as the Select the factor from the The the the the this as the displayed, "Completed." displayed. the about seconds. the or connected while Once the otherwise malfunctions to the factory the the You to
Units: Units: the following to choose the The and to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Screen Screen of to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to of
Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-1815 Only) connected to the that the and and CardPlayer. "PC that USB played back and USB Operations" The following to USB to the USB with, or specified with as Connecting USB to the Devices such as and USB should If USB the correctly. AC with the connected to the directly. To [USB A] USB To USB of that there wireless LAN or memory the USB USB than length. If the CardPlayer function correctly.
and Ejecting CompactFlash Cards (EMP-1815 Only) to Cards The following to and CompactFlash On the EMP-1815, CompactFlash as memory the of the or flashing, the CompactFlash Doing the or the to malfunction. Press the the of the The Procedure the malfunction carrying the to the CompactFlash CompactFlash that the or to Cards Card the CompactFlash the with its top the as as facing Procedure CompactFlash
and Ejecting CompactFlash Cards (EMP-1815 Only) The CompactFlash from the the Press the from the CompactFlash the the of the indicated the lighting of the Card Access to the back If the become or other Flashing from or written to the CompactFlash Flashing The CompactFlash operations. The CompactFlash by.
You with built-in amplifiers to the with and with the to of sound. the Connecting to Connecting to and the the when connected to the This that to the with the input to the Computer1 displayed when the Connecting to To the the to the and from the built-in To and connected to the Computer2 and The the and and to to To with
with or type LAN Connecting LAN To LAN (commercially LAN To LAN To malfunctions, shielded LAN
as ELPLP40 Optional and of to without and The following of optional as of February, the country of purchase. as ELPAF08 This the as the with the HD-15 ELPKC02 that easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 roll-type (Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 Optional of these the with the HD-15 PC ELPKC10 HD-15 ELPKC09 too to ELPKC19 ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 when the high ELPFC03 when the mount ELPMB18 or the the World-Wide of to the from to this Warranty Terms
The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio This section easily terms that with the and that the text of this to other publications. that the brightness and The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL, and SECAM The and that the to of this assigns IP to connected to DHCP The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of to that of three and which the and to sound Normal that which to this and ESS of Service service ESSID connecting with wireless LAN. Wireless that to ESSID. ESSID High-Definition that to high-definition which the following of or or reception and (or aspect ratio of HDTV This (router) to of whereby the that from to right and then from top to The and displayed The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the Refresh and Refresh of whereby the from from top to to to connected to IP Network which the and such as routers and connected to TCP/IP SNMP Definition that to which the HDTV High-Definition SDTV This the IP the SNMP SNMP Trap IP
international that that that easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to this the that they the recording these played back the they to their as of quality. The of the phases of these (the relative of the and the troughs The from If the match this the the Synchronization. If the and interference Synchronization This that the of the from the IP type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM computers. SVGA which the and to quality. to that of and C of The of the of these (the of the The from If the match this the Tracking. If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA
input RS-232C Connector If the terminates abnormally, the ON command transmitted to the the and the command input, the the command and and then the command. turned and ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF SOURCE selection SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black A/V selection MSEL (EMP-1815 only) ready DTR DTR DSR ground GND GND GND ready DSR DSR DTR Function <At the (PC <At the TD TD RD RD RD TD Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (CR) to the of each and Command Computer1 MSEL Item
and Information Association) as network-compatible as of their The with the Class established It with commands the following commands Class and confirmed the Class established the JBMIA to the JBMIA. (EMP-1815 Only) Command Function commands AVMT AVMT AVMT AVMT and information EPSON Command Connector INPT Computer1 input INPT Computer2 input INPT input INPT input "Product information EMP-1815
Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate of Supported Used of Refresh Rate SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV VGAEGA VGA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA Aspect Ratio TV (NTSC) (PAL, SECAM) TV Aspect Ratio Refresh Rate UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV SXGA the VGA when other than those input, that the functions supported. SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
this TM DNX ICs EMP-1810 (W) (H) (D) including EMP-1815 Product Specifications to to than and If the of of XGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP40 TFT active to to to to AC to supply to to to 35C Approx Approx to +60C
Specifications Computer1 input Connectors Computer2 input input RJ45 LAN RS-232C input DIN input RCA input RCA input Other specifications, please location (country/area) from USB to that USB. This USB2.0. USB B) USB B) USB B) USB A) USB A) USB A) CompactFlash Card USB wireless LAN
Specifications This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. CSA C22.2 EU: The Directive IEC/EN60950-1 (73/23/EEC) USA: UL60950-1 USA: FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class EU: The EMC Directive EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 (89/336/EEC) EN55024 EMC Australia/New Zealand: AS/NZS CISPR Class
Specifications Class to of the FCC These there that interference reception, which turning the off and the installation. If this interference to and instructions, interference to or reception. and, and with the to reasonable protection to to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the installation. This and the from that to the or technician Increase the the and receiver. FCC United States or the which the connected. following Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Airport CA America, Inc. MS: Located and interference which the established the than interface connected to FCC this It the responsibility of the to and the FCC or Declaration of this shielded interface with this If this the authority to the interfaces. or the The of non-shielded interface to this WARNING tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the Each to the responsibility that the following FCC forth This The wireless LAN WN6501CEP with should and operated with FCC Radiation the and of Product: EPSON EMP-1815/1810
3-M4 Appearance of from of to fixing Units: