Indicates procedures which or Notations Used This CAUTION Indicates where useful information topic found. Click the to that Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. Click the or to the the section of the "Appendices". Indicates information and which to know topic. TIP or appears the text of this to items which or optional to the The indicated should the of the numbers. Indicates operating and the of operations. PROCEDURE
and reduced and the operating of the or and the too bright, The of the to of If when the to the amount of Reduction of Reduction operating of Approximately the to Brightness rather than The following that easily such as the "Blackboard" to allow the selecting the to their tints. of the function Blackboard Theatre Theatre The of the detected, that the corrected. correction function
of the and of This that the without authorisation, and If the Protect function employed, to as theft-prevention function and theft The with footprint the of A4 (D) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) and light Clear and attractive obtained bright locations. easy to carry. Compact and lightweight while of the #XXXX XX XXX "XXXX XXXX" XXX XX. XXXX XXX XXXXX. [XXXXXXX] [0-9]:XXXX the and of to the around the If the wireless The accessory operations such as function, the to back and forth through when "Wireless Function" to
the This chapter the the Connecting to Source Projecting RGB (Wireless Function) Connecting to the Remote to the and Base.......................................................................................10 Rear Sound from the Preventing theft Protect) Protect Protect" (ON)............................28 Protect ON Protect" (ON) the Remote Remote the Remote Remote the Remote and Installation........................................................... and the Connecting to Computer................................. Computers from the Computer..............................17 If the If the If the 5BNC
(Warning) The and ON flashing) with the and Functions the the operating of the or lights to Remote light-receiving from the the Foot the from becoming or when the to and to the when the such as shelf. foot Another foot located Press both foot buttons when and retracting the front the right
and Functions the that this pressed, displays and the and off. [Source] Press to while displayed, selects items the while displayed, Switches the input the [Computer1/ [Computer2/Component and each the item that currently selected. the pressed.
to the from other [Computer1/Component [Computer2/Component and Functions Rear from to the from other RGB from and RGB and from other from the Remote light-receiving the to the USB when the wireless the the USB to the function. Security [USB] from RGB or to the and should the customer. the to RS-232C This (RS-232C)] the or RGB to from the that connected to the [Computer1/ This
fixing and Functions from the when It should cleaned This and other and the optional mount when the from the accessory when using Remote Clean the this cover when the the cover
the and off. light-emitting and Functions Selects the The the of Theatre, and Blackboard each the pressed. The and turned turn or off each the pressed. [A/V the as wireless these buttons to back and forth through Switches that input to the Switches the input from the [S- [Computer1/Component and the [Computer2/Component and the [Computer1/2]: down]/[Page buttons buttons or item or displays the or Acts as left-click when using the wireless when or function. of without the of the or each the pressed. button while using the wireless function,it or displayed, these buttons items and the the of the of that the buttons and the the previous or while Acts as right-click when the wireless the function. function. Automatically and RGB these buttons to when using Protect. buttons
If the of the or directly the light-receiving areas, that the If this the otherwise with the reception of from the allow sunlight or light from to with TIP the that from the the the the first the pulled the then used. the and Remote using the the the that The the following the Remote the the the clicks the of the and the light-emitting of the light-receiving the and the buttons. light-receiving (back) light-emitting Remote PROCEDURE light-receiving (front)
Approx. the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the the Remote Remote from the Approx. vertically light-receiving Remote Approx. light-emitting
The the following four allowing to choose the the CAUTION (Rear/Ceiling the to first the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty of the from the Please would to this The optional mount when the the Rear using (Rear the "Projection" the "Advanced" to using or match the TIP
The the and the the Recommended and Projection of Screen of about the and the from of to of and the While to the following the that the The should as the The the the Projection Shortest The reduced when correction the about The allows ratio of to about The than the the TIP
of that the to the The connected to of or below. Computers the of the and the the If to force to the and the together. If the them. If the the of Turn off the both the and the with or of to the connecting the to to the and the bound together, interference or or following. Connecting to CAUTION that the such as "RGB Condition The output alternatively to purchase to the heading such as If the built-in or to the to the or "Connecting or further or "CRT which Condition The and of the necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays", while to the the of Supported Displays". allow to the "Appendices: of Supported Displays" with the the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 If the and too from each other of the to the You to purchase the PC "Appendices: Optional Accessories" with the further TIP
such commercially-available workstation-type to the If the The and specifications of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. from the Connecting to To the accessory to the If the to "Computer1" or "Computer2" to match the the the from the the To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component TIP To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component (accessory) To If than connected to the the [Computer1/2] the or the [Source] the to the as the input workstations the workstation further to "Computer1" or "Computer2" to match the the the from the the If than connected to the the [Computer1/2] the or the [Source] the to the Computer as the input TIP
the optional VGA- HD15/BNC PC to the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" If the 5BNC Connecting to To to "Computer1" or "Computer2" to match the the the from the the To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component VGA- HD15/BNC PC (optional) TIP If than connected to the the [Computer1/2] the or the [Source] the to the as the input
Edition/XP Professional If the It to the function The USB to with USB interface. If which the of to the Professional that from earlier of function to used. the the of Edition/XP of both the and operating operation guaranteed. further TIP You the as wireless to the the To this, the accessory the to the (Wireless Function) Connecting to USB to the USB of the to the [USB] the of the Applicable USB (accessory) USB USB (accessory) USB (OS 8.69.2/X/10.010.2) XP Edition/ XP Professional To [USB] To USB the as wireless the and buttons the to back and forth through when USB (accessory)
If the the the The wireless function while the following operation of the buttons reversed. While displayed While the function While While used. TIP Once the the operated as follows. If the the of Press the the the Press the or to the of the pressed. Connecting to While holding the the or to items. Release the to the items the and Press the Right
the they [Computer2/Component these to input to the [Computer1/Component RGB and RGB from that If the from that to the the that the such as when the using the that with the Connecting to Connecting to To with The correction and the and to the to TIP
the accessory A/V to the Projecting Turn off the both the and the the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or the and the connecting together. If the them. If the the of and the connecting bound together, the to other the interference or operation to the or following Connecting to Source CAUTION To (yellow) the the or the [Source] the If than connected to the displayed the To To (yellow) A/V (yellow) (accessory) To TIP
the optional to the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" commercially-available to the Projecting Connecting to Source To To To To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component (optional) the the or the [Source] the If than connected to the the TIP
the accessory to the RGB the the to match the from the If the connected to the [Computer1/Component to or Connecting to Source TIP To RGB the the to match the from the If the connected to the [Computer2/Component to or the [Computer1/2] the If than connected to the displayed the or the input or the [Source] the to To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component to "Computer1" or "Computer2" to match the the the from the the If than to the the [Computer1/2] the or the [Source] the to the to that "Computer1" or "Computer2" displayed the (accessory) TIP
to the Sound from the through the built-in the The built-in with of W. You sound from the connected (such as or If to RCA (red/white) (such as the commercially-available to Select the that this from the following, If to (such as the of of the accessory A/V to the the of the other the To To when RGB from or RGB and input. the or input, and when The the the the connected, or the input connecting to the If commercially-available 2RCA that as You the projection started. TIP To A/V (white/red) (accessory) To
the the to the this operation, to the Press the the and then from the the following to the of the sound Sound from the PROCEDURE the and to the The increased or reduced each pressed.
the "International Warranty Conditions" section "The operation locked." Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty without the following the the "International Warranty and then the switch to displayed and the to turned If this the from the outlet and then and the If to the of the If incorrect three the of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms back to the If the should to repeated "The locked. the that appears the and displayed, the Terms TIP Preventing theft Protect) the Protect function activated, people who the the to when the turned when the turned This that the without authorisation, and as Furthermore, the and that theft-prevention buttons shown the below as buttons while the the displayed. The the displayed. Remote ON Protect" (ON) Protect buttons the buttons to the that If the correctly, then
If the correctly, the Protect" If Protect already the Protect displayed. displayed. TIP the the "Advanced" ("ON" or from to or or from or the the "Background Color" the to "OFF") operations, displayed and the To If to of the following the Protect" to "OFF" first. Protect" (ON) Preventing theft Protect) If the to the If the The the the Select ON Protect", and then the that the without to Select "ON", and then the Turn ON Protect" Press the button. to Protect to the as theft- If Protect to "ON", the accessory the following to Protect. Protect The of the of that already the command. TIP the approximately The Protect" displayed. seconds. Remote PROCEDURE Select and then the
If the shown displayed displayed, and then the The the should The the to this to the of to hours, and then the If Press the buttons to within finished using the Protect" the the the of to to three the countdown the appear this. and the Preventing theft Protect) the the following the buttons to The displayed as displayed. If the of to to the each the turned otherwise TIP The "The displayed. the that If the incorrectly, displayed prompting to the To and then the Select Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the button. Turn Protect" Press the
the to of the that and it the and the If the to the the and the countdown Once the the Preventing theft Protect) TIP
This chapter basic operations such as turning the and off and the Operations the Quality............................... and RGB Selection) the the Selecting the Quality Turning On the Connecting the Turning On the and Turning the the Focusing the Correction Function............................................................38 the Function)......................37 Manually Correcting Distortion........................40 the and
that the facing the as the the and then the the accessory to the securely the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Turning On the Turn the to CAUTION the other of the to the lights earthed that the turned off the and connected to the Connecting the PROCEDURE the or other to the the top of the cover and to the cover. The and operated while the flashing TIP
sound to that the the lights normally flashing and lights steadily, and Press the the or the to the The flashes about seconds to the The Protect the to displayed each the turned If this the Turning On the and Turning On the TIP Remote from flashing to that the flashing and PROCEDURE TIP the the appear. If the flashing operation of the buttons the the to Turn the connected to the playback necessary.
that the The following shows of to connected to the the straight If connected, the from that without to of the buttons to the section of the with If or with LCD heading such as If the the the or the "Connecting or to externally. TIP the or If than connected to the to the to while to the following Remote Turning On the top-right of to Remote become the You If the of the should leaving the displayed that the Mirroring active IBM NEC Computer1* Computer2* connected, "S- If [Source] The each pressed. appear. [Computer1/2] Computer1/ Computer2/ The items selected the command the appear.
If the "The overheating. Clean or the and the appears the the the to the off and then clean the CAUTION that the connected Turn off the the that to the turned off. Follow the below to off the of the Turning the PROCEDURE The switch off. The cool-down the lights The cool-down about seconds. Press the once and cool-down flashing and lights Press the The following appear. If the flashing of the the lights continuously. TIP If to turn off the seconds. (The off If the the or button. this
If the the from the flashing otherwise the from the outlet while the operation and reduce the operating life. Turning the CAUTION the cover to the when using the to the from or the cover. cover
Turn the to the Focusing the PROCEDURE These and the that the obtained. the Screen the Function) TIP The following to the once the The of the basically the from the to the The function of the TIP to the If the the of If the the to the correctly. If If the of the or as of this or the The this to the turning the Turn to "T" to reduce the Turn to "W" to the PROCEDURE If would to the further, the further from the
the front of the that the front While the foot buttons the front the obtained, and then release the foot buttons. PROCEDURE The should that as to the as the and the Correction Function To the front the while the foot buttons. from the of If the the of the front to the the the correction correctly. Foot buttons TIP from foot instead. You or If to the that to the the front to the within of
If the turned to the "W" the This when the turned to the "T" of TIP appear the the with the vertically, to approximately the and the correction function that this approximately correction as as the of within of positioned. the correction the command the "Advanced" to If to further correction when the the If the become appearance correction correction the the sharpness become If correction required, the to "OFF". Approx. below
correction the If the become appearance correction the sharpness become TIP correction automatically. If further correction The with correction function which the of the and correction the buttons the to the Manually Correcting Distortion the correction the which the when correction that the If the the the correction reached. that the elongated If the top of the If the of the elongated PROCEDURE
and RGB the Quality The of the as follows. RGB from connected and these that the of the following three items: obtained. the the while or If the to "OFF" (the this item "ON"), If RGB projected, then Tracking and (Synchronization) TIP Remote the commands to the If the while the or function the correctly displayed, the function when the the type of or RGB such or while or and then the and manually.
Press the and to the tracking The tracking increases or each to that the to from the pressed. or RGB and this to If appear the projected the tracking manually the following the Quality the Tracking the the to the TIP Press the the and then this operation, to the from the PROCEDURE The when tracking this
Press the and to the to The increases or each that the or interference to from the pressed. or RGB and this to If or interference appear the (synchronization) manually the following the Quality the the the to the TIP this operation, to the Press the the and then from the PROCEDURE It to and the If the without the tracking first, incorrect tracking clearly, to the brightness, sharpness and correction with of and to to the Incorrect tracking noticeable with of tracking first.
The as follows each the pressed. Theatre PROCEDURE the selecting the that The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily to the The brightness of the which selected. Selecting the Projection Quality Selection) the Quality Blackboard Brightness that fresher and than Brightness to that Brightness to that TV bright tints. Theatre Application The appears the top-right of the each the to the If the connected both the and the or RGB input: The the as follows. other input: with tints when Blackboard The using the the TIP
This chapter the of and to the Advanced Operations Functions Projection................. A/V the Aspect Projection of from the Functions of "Advanced" "Info" the
You the "Background Color" function the to the appearance when the and sound to of the following three Functions Enhancing This section the that to A/V The the EPSON To the to own to the A/V function the the "Advanced" to "Brightness to the the A/V function used, the "Brightness TIP and sound to played back the and this function when the operations such as selecting while to the where the function activated. when to of This function momentarily the and sound. projected. PROCEDURE Projection when the [A/V the You the pressed. button. The and sound then Press the [A/V
This function only the The sound and to The back the while from the where without Functions Projection To the the once You the The then Press the PROCEDURE TIP Pressing the clears displays The function while the function and used.
this operation, to the Press the the and then "Aspect Ratio" from the PROCEDURE This function the aspect ratio of from to when and or Projection of from the Aspect Functions Enhancing Projection which recorded or projected. Press the and buttons to the aspect ratio to or and then the the the to the
the pressed, the You around the the with the its the pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the and buttons. This function and reduce of such as and Functions Projection indicating the the to appear the Press the Remote PROCEDURE The selected to of Shows ratio To the the TIP Press the and buttons the to the to the of the that to or reduced. the
The hierarchical with that which further other the The to the to the The to of and the
The functions which appear the the type of input the Functions which The the from and while input. the input the Functions the Functions of Functions Function Press the the and the the that the vertically and appears. when appear the Tracking brightness, sharpness or You the the tracking when or and appear when the interference appear the first and then the Computer the brightness. Brightness the light and the the sharpness. Sharpness
Function Brightness emphasised, that Brightness to If to the Corrects the of the The Brightness to that TV fresher and than tints. It when that or light and each type of or Blackboard with tints obtained bright, to such to light and when the the You from "Advanced" to 6500K. to the that the surroundings. bright Theatre the Functions the Functions input If from the [Computer1/Component If from the [Computer2/Component Selects the input with the or RGB The to the input "Computer1" or "Computer2". input: Computer1 input: Computer2 used. ON when the input Selects whether the function turned "ON" or "OFF".
Function the the to their Press the the to the Select to such as and to their the Functions the Functions
the brightness. Brightness Function the vertically and Press the and the using the that appears. the Functions the Functions the light and the the sharpness. Sharpness only when or NTSC input.) (Not RGB the tint. the intensity the (Not RGB
Function Brightness that Brightness to If to the Corrects the of the The Brightness to that TV fresher and than tints. It when that or light and each type of or Blackboard with tints obtained bright, to such to light and when the command the You from "Advanced" to 6500K. to the that the surroundings. bright Theatre the Functions the Functions input only when If from the [Computer1/Component If from the [Computer2/Component Selects the input with the The to the input input: Computer1 input: Computer2 input.) used.
Function when the from the selection Press the the and choose to the the input.) which appears. automatically. the Functions the Functions the aspect ratio the the and to Press the the to the Select to such as and to their their Aspect Ratio
the Function Selects the input the of input RGB and input and input from the to The the type of Therefore, input to the input the the Functions the Functions the Press the the to the Select to such as and to their to their The individually each input TIP
Function If the become appearance correction the sharpness correction the Corrects become the Functions the Functions ON ON the "Advanced" to If the function detecting the to something other than this and correcting "ON" or "OFF" when the This function when the "Projection" vertically. selected. whether of the following turned when the switched when the switched input incompatible input the "ON" or "OFF". or when the when the [A/V the To the to input to "Black", or to "ON", the If the Protect" function of Protect to the Protect function from to or or from "Black" or these ground OFF to "ON", and then Projection when the pressed. to operations the when the cool-down finished, the while the displayed. (The lights input.
Function the to the the However, "Background Color" to the Protect" function of Protect to Press the the to the Select to such as and to their to their "ON". the Functions the Functions
EPSON Function Protect" function of Protect to "ON". Press the the and follow the Protect function recording recorded the the appearing the Records the Functions the Functions
Function High This the to of Select the too bright such as when or selected, the brightness of the reduced, the amount of electricity and reduced and the operating Brightness the Functions the Functions "Advanced" ON To the to whether the displayed or ("OFF") the Protect" function of Protect to "ON". the Protect This from ("ON") to function the
Function the "R" (Red), "G" or The while (This item selected selected as appear Press the "B" and the bright within appear and tones appear bluish and tones Press the the each RGB (red, each input the and intensity of the that the and the from to bluish If the higher, If the lower, the the the the that appears. appear appears. RGB the Functions the Functions Select when the front of the Select when the front of the Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from the and from the the the Rear Projection
Function RS-232C This to "RS-232C" or "USB", momentarily, and when the cool-down finished, the back The the that with this off the the back COM the Functions the Functions country of purchase) English Press the the and the the displays. the to their Press the the to the Select to such as the "Advanced" and to their
Function The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of The "Info" shows the the the Functions the Functions "Info" 0H the operating both "High" the warning reached, the and operation. characters appear red. the input which currently projected. Source appear when the input the input or selected, the operating to the the operating this appear when the input the and or appear when the input the polarity. or appear when the input the attributes. or (Not RGB or the SYNC Polarity SYNC appear when the input the input or appear when the input the refresh or Refresh Rate
Function to the the Protect" function of Protect to "ON". or to the the If "Background Color" to the to their Press the the to the The and Select such as the items to their items each the Functions the Functions
Press the to the selection of The selected then displayed. Confirm the selection. The operated using the only. the Functions the PROCEDURE The appears. Press the Remote Press the or to to item to selected. Select
displayed, the the the to the Press the and buttons to the If the items with that item displayed. The to Currently-selected item the the type of input projected. The items appearing the and the "Info" Press the and buttons to the item to and then the the Functions Alternatively, and then the Press the once to to the Select other items the Press the the TIP to of the of each
This chapter to and what to found. Troubleshooting the Reading the Indicators........................................................71 Indicator.......................................................................... (Warning) the relating to when Other
displays to the It of If with the the function and the PROCEDURE Press the to the selection of Confirm the selection. Remote The displayed. Press the button. function as If the the and to Select If the the Select the and Remote
The cleared when the pressed. the operations and to through the to items. the If the function to the to TIP
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Reading the The with the following which to the operating of the Warning flashing You the from the outlet when the light this Projection when the pressed. (Not If both off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to that they or The while cool-down Press the cool-down when the flashing. The cool-down about seconds. (Not Please Cool-down (Not Projection
flashing or warm-up flashing. Warm-up seconds. (Not Please Warm-up flashing (Warning) The off and about without that the and clear, and that the operating the about the and then the following or (overheating) the from the and or the the back the to its when the turned back the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms If the to overheat the or the the to the back If the then the and the If the using the the from the and or the "International the or the to the back Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the or them. the and Stop the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch related
flashing that the and clear and that they (This abnormality, the too high such as automatically.) High-speed cooling or If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the previous or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the following If the or them. TIP
If of the following and the offer to the each the The sound heard or the sound when Other the completely the completely The "Not Supported." displayed. Interference or appear The displayed. or of Projection appear relating to such as interference, or white appear. The whole appears or reproduction performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear or right of the displayed. Nothing appears the appear
Press the to the the pressed? relating to appear If the to "OFF", to "ON" that displayed. displayed, to the item that indicates. to "OFF"? The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. both switched off? Press the [A/V the to the A/V active? Alternatively, the to that supplied. input such as completely the completely of the the correctly? this Press the to the If operations about while input. The the command to "ON", the off to used, the to "OFF". to "ON"? If or connected to the the to the the correct? when when from Projection
projected, the to the that matches If from the [Computer1/Component or the [Computer2/Component the that from the connected the correct? The "Not Supported." displayed. If or connected to the the to the the to the input. "Info" the and of the Computer when the match the and of the The displayed. If the while the already turned the function that switches when the externally, they the to Turn the the and title such as or "Connecting to the to as as the If the only to the LCD or to the accessory appear the LCD or accessory the off and then back Press the [Computer1/2] or the or the [Source] the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned the to the when from or with built-in LCD the input selected?
Turn the the to the the correctly? the cover. the cover attached? or of the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the the off and the to If the from to or the The recommended the that within this the the Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the too Interference or appear projected, the command to the that matches If from the [Computer1/Component or the [Computer2/Component the that from the connected the correct? If used, interference the the accessory and this used? If or connected to the the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Press the the to If the correctly the the and the that the that with this of Supported Displays" the selected? the and Tracking correctly? when and RGB
Press the the to the function. the "Aspect to "Aspect the aspect ratio correctly? the the function? or If other than RGB from or RGB input, If the correctly the function, the If RGB from or RGB projected, the the to the manually using the command. manually using the command. only about of the the To the whole of If activated the of the the the the off the the when the correctly? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" the selected? when
when or RGB connected to the [Computer1/Component or If the to other than "Computer1" or "Computer2" If the command to "Computer1" or "Computer2" when [Computer2/Component the appear purplish. the input match the from the connected right connected to the [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component Select the the connected the appear greenish. If or connected to the the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the "Brightness" to the brightness. "Brightness" the correctly? the "Color" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. "Color", "Tint" the to the "Advanced" the correctly? the "Contrast" to the the correctly? the intensity and correctly? when from
the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the and "Brightness" the brightness and correctly? appear the nearly the become and the become this the should with the The that those from the [Computer1/ the "Contrast" command to the "Contrast" "Advanced" "Brightness [Computer1/Component from other than the projected? the correctly? Nothing appears the The connected correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. of the switched off? Press the to the the when There the or the the If this the using the the from the outlet and the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Alternatively, the to supplied. the turn off and when the touched?
that the connected to the the correctly? sound heard or the sound Other The operating the approximately and the the light-receiving vertically. Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. A/V active? the to the input. the correct? the that sound heard. the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? the to the The the location where light the light- The operating the approximately and that correctly. the or the the sunlight or light from light-receiving the too from the the the
This chapter information to the of performance from the Appendices of ESC/VP21 Commands............................. Command Communication USB USB Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Battery the the the of Supported Computer/RGB Specifications.................................................... Appearance........................................................ Index................................................................... Optional
If the become with or the "The appears the the and the Turn the and to the If the become with overheating and overheating. Clean or the and the the Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the If the dirty, the cloth with Clean the with cloth. with cloth. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the CAUTION If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with the accessory or another "Appendices: Optional Accessories". with The should when the replaced. TIP clean the These the to and such as or thinner to the coating off. CAUTION the with or the to shocks, as easily become commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the Cleaning the CAUTION
New This section to the battery, the and the the the the clicks. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the battery. the following type of as CR2025 lithium the Battery CAUTION PROCEDURE of with TIP While the catch of the the the Catch the of the the to the and the battery. that the the
of to the and The to appear the following continuously high hours continuously hours of the "Brightness TIP The the appears the when It to the when: If to the this the of the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should becomes the appears, the with as as ready (Warning) flashing the displayed. Flashes The or to
the cooled then the the cover and other screwdriver the the the Then the It hour the to the screwdriver that with the or and the cover, and to release the cover from the of the the cool-down finished. the screwdriver the cover to the the cooled sufficiently the cover. It further hour the cool-down If the of which to the If the should that the and when the cover. finished the to cool enough. that the the CAUTION PROCEDURE the screwdriver that with the or other screwdriver to the fixing screws that the to the the fixing screws. Turn the off, the cool-down to then the The cool-down about seconds.
the then the clicks the the the the cover with the the cover. If the with or the as shown the below and further If the yourself, to of and of the the the that and the the with The should off as the the securely. If the cover the turn the or the when the replaced. correctly. of properly with TIP the that the to the then the clicks and the fixing screws. the
Select from the "Info" and then the Therefore, the counter to the operating the operating reaches The built-in counter which of the the to displayed. with You this using the the replaced, otherwise the indicated the operating the correctly. PROCEDURE TIP Select and then the The operating then the the and then the The displayed. Remote
the and the the that the the with The the to the PROCEDURE the then the the cover. clicks Turn the off, the cool-down to then the The cool-down about seconds. cover, and the cover to the the of the of properly with regulations. TIP
If the Protect" function of Protect" to recorded. To Protect" to "ON", and the "OFF" first. TIP You the that currently as recorded, the previous TIP Select the then the If correction or they when the selected. the that would to as and then the Remote PROCEDURE the the displayed the that that that from the of the and the TIP Select the and then the
Select the and then the displayed. the to Press the and buttons to the of the The to recorded and selection to as the and then the the of the to Select the the and then the to TIP
The then Once the Select the and then the "Completed" displayed. the TIP the or other which connected to the (about seconds). the while the otherwise Once the operation. to the factory
The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of July of to without to the to with 5BNC VGA-HD15/BNC PC ELPKC11 this to the hand. Soft ELPKS16 Optional when the to high or with ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 to ELPKC19 when the to mount ELPMB12 which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 These the as the accessory ELPAF05 roll-type Aspect ratio ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 as ELPLP27 when OHP and ELPDC02 ELPDC03 ELPDC04 This the as the accessory VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 this the accessory too VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this This the as the accessory Remote ELPST13
The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to Following of of the terms this which or which the text of this Further information to other commercially-available publications. to input 5BNC which the and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM which the and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and This the which the cooled become through Cool-down when the to off the the while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the operating of the or with the operation of the Cool-down software that allows the to connected to that the to the the software and instructions the software and please the EMP 21L sound Normal which which to this and from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which alternately. Interlaced of whereby the from from top to to High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or scanning reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV
The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh This function to that than or than the to that they the whole of the Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV international that that which easily operating (OS) and the consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Security type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as which the and to It to which of and C (the of the If tracking correctly, The from and RGB If the match this the of The of the of these appear the Tracking type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA The from and RGB If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as and interference (Synchronization) USB interface to which relatively USB type of with of which IBM computers. UXGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA
The which contained the TV The from the and the (chroma type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
Parity The to whether the ready or If terminates with ON to the the the the Furthermore, when command the ready the and then the of ESC/VP21 Commands Command Connector (RS-232C) input Flow Stop Command Item SOURCE Computer1 SOURCE SOURCE PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF SOURCE Computer2 SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF MSEL Black MSEL MSEL A/V Selection selection
<At <At USB (type B) Connector USB Connector of ESC/VP21 Commands (type B) <At (RS-232C) input <At ground GND GND GND Function <At (PC <At TD TD RD ready DTR DTR DSR ready DSR DSR DTR RD RD TD
If the disconnected cool-down finished, the CAUTION to the using ESC/VP21 commands USB the following of ESC/VP21 Commands USB Download the EMP 21L software from the the software, please the EPSON to the used. The USB (USB-Com together with the software, this USB together with the software instructions to the EMP that downloaded the that to used. the USB PROCEDURE the "COM the "Advanced" to "USB". Turn the off. Once the back the cool-down finished, the USB then back
Aspect ratio EMP-54 EMP-74 Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Refresh of Supported EMP-54 EMP-74 Refresh Computer/RGB SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) PC98 VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA Aspect ratio TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) EMP-54 EMP-74 Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Refresh SXGA SXGA SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV UXGA the VGA The of the supported. HDTV
IEC60950 Edition, The Directive (73/23/EEC) CSA C22.2 Community UL1950 Edition USA (W) (H) (D) including (W) (H) (D) EMP-74/54 Product Polysilicon TFT active inches Specifications FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class USA EMC EMP-54 SVGA (W) (H) EMP-74 XGA (W) (H) +35C UHE W, ELPLP27 (light 100240VAC 3.21.6A supply 1W IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class IEC61000-4-5, Community EN55024, CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class Australia/New Black Connectors USB (B USB*: +60C DIN RCA Computer1/ Computer2/ The USB interface with the USB The USB to correctly with (RS-232C)
4-M4 Appearance of of Units: from of to fixing