Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates procedures which or Notations Used This CAUTION TIP Indicates where useful information topic found. Click the to that Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. Click the or to the the section of the "Appendices". Indicates the of the buttons the or the The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. PROCEDURE or appears the text of this to items which or optional to the Indicates items. "Image"-"Brightness"
If or and the and clear obtained bright The of the to of Reduction of Reduction operating of too bright, the to and classroom. of Brightness rather than The following that easily such as the "Blackboard" to allow the selecting the to their tints. of the function The of the detected, that the corrected. correction function Blackboard Theatre Blackboard
of the This that the without authorisation, and as theft-prevention protection function allows to and the function and theft function the to the around the of function and of The accessory to operations such as "Wireless Function" function of the to #XXXX XX XXX "XXXX XXXX" XXX XX. XXXX XXX XXXXX. [XXXXXXX] [0-9]:XXXX
Function) Connecting to the Remote to the the This chapter the procedures the and Rear Remote Connecting to Source RGB Sound from Preventing theft Protect).................. Protect Protect ON Protect" (ON) Protect" (ON)............................28 the Remote the the Remote the Remote and Remote Installation........................................................... the and Projection EMP-821.................................................................................... EMP-81/61................................................................................. Connecting to Computer................................. Computers from the Computer..............................19 If the
and Functions the the the operating of the Flashes or lights to with the Flashes or lights to or lights to with the internal of the cover the foot to and the front foot. this cover when the the Foot Remote light-receiving from the this when and the and to the when the such as shelf. the from becoming or when the to cover foot
the selection and to the If or displayed, Automatically RGB from and RGB to the lowest and the and Functions the screen or while the function. the and off. or displayed, selects items and Press to the sound If and the that this pressed, displays If or displayed, selects items and Press to each this The input searched the following and the input from the pressed. [Computer1/Component [Computer2/Component [Source Search]
RGB from and RGB and from other [Computer2/Component [Computer1/Component the RGB that connected to the [Computer1/Component or RGB to from the This and Functions Rear USB when using the wireless the the USB to the function. the to the This to input from the that connected to the [Computer1/ This to input from the that to the [Computer2/ [USB] This the from the currently-selected input to to the the to RS- 232C This and should normally used. Remote light-receiving from the Clean the (RS-232C)] Security Rear foot to the from other This to input from the that connected to the This to input from the that connected to the to the from other Rear foot
foot Foot and Functions from the when It should cleaned This and other and cover attaching this when the from ceiling. fixing the optional mount when the from Clean the
Remote light-emitting the or of that appear. If the buttons and Functions Remote [Computer1] [A/V buttons [Search] [Computer2]
the of the and the to that the the the the The already the the the purchased. You to the that with the the used. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the batteries. the CAUTION Press the cover clicks the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover. the cover Catch PROCEDURE If the of the or that the becoming it ready to when required. TIP
that the If this the If the of the or directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the allow or light from to with ones. TIP the Remote and Remote The the following the Remote the PROCEDURE from to something top The of this to the the released, If of the buttons the than seconds, the to of the Remote light-receiving (back) the light-emitting of the light-receiving the and the buttons. light-emitting light-receiving (front)
the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the Approx. vertically the Remote Remote from the light-receiving Remote light-emitting Remote
The the following four allowing to choose the the to first the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the CAUTION using (Rear/Ceiling of the from the Please would to this The optional mount when the the the "Projection" the to or match the TIP Rear (Rear
Units: Units: Units: to from of of Recommended Shortest EMP-81/61 and the While to the following the that the The should as the The the the The the and the the and Projection Units: Units: Units: to from of of Recommended Shortest EMP-821
of The reduced when correction The to the following The allows ratio of to the following EMP-81/61 EMP-81/61 EMP-821 EMP-821 of about the and the TIP
that the such as "RGB Condition The alternatively to purchase to the heading such as If the built-in or to the to the or "Connecting or further or "CRT which of that the to the The connected to of or below. Computers the of the and the the If to force to the and the connecting together. If the them. If the the of Turn off the both the and the with or of to the connecting the to to the and the bound together, interference or operation or following. Connecting to CAUTION Condition The and of the necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays", while to the allow to the "Appendices: of Supported Displays" the of Supported Displays". with the the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 If the and too from each other of the to the You to purchase the PC "Appendices: Optional Accessories" with the further TIP
The and of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. If the the accessory to the from the Connecting to To To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. with The input based the input from the If this the input to "Computer1" or "Computer2". (accessory) TIP
Edition/XP Professional If the It to the function The USB connected to with USB interface. If which the of to the Professional that from earlier of function to used. the the of Edition/XP of both the and operating guaranteed. further TIP USB to the USB of the to the [USB] the of the You the as wireless to the the To this, the accessory Applicable the Remote to the Function) Connecting to USB (accessory) USB USB (accessory) USB (OS XP Edition/ XP Professional the as wireless the and the to back and forth through when To [USB] USB (accessory) To USB
If the the the The wireless function while the following of the reversed. While displayed While the function While displayed While While sound used. function TIP Once the the operated as follows. If the the of Press the button. the the the the of If the Connecting to operations. Press the the location to the item the while and If the Press the Right
the they [Computer2/Component these output to input to the [Computer1/Component RGB and RGB from that If the from that connected to the the that the such as when the using the that with the Connecting to Connecting to To with The correction and the and to the to TIP
commercially- A/V to the To (yellow) the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or the and the together. If the Turn off the both the and the them. If the the and the connecting bound together, connecting the to the interference or operation to the or of following Connecting to Source CAUTION that the the with the To (commercially-available) A/V To To (yellow) operations to the to If than input to the the TIP
the optional to the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" to the Projecting Connecting to Source To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component to (RCA to the (optional) To operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. To To TIP operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. with from The input based the input the If this the input to or TIP
the accessory to the RGB Connecting to Source To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component (accessory) To RGB TIP operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. with from The input based the input the If this the input to "Computer1" or "Computer2".
If the input to the [Computer1/Component Sound from The built-in with of W. You sound from connected (such as or through the built-in the The to the that the as the to input the and commercially-available A/V to the If to RCA (red/white) (such as the commercially-available to of the that with the Select the that this from the following, If connecting to (such as the of the of the other the To (commercially-available) If the input to the TIP To If commercially-available 2RCA that as You the started. To (accessory) (commercially-available) A/V To
"The locked." Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the operations incorrect the "International Warranty Conditions" section the the "International Warranty approximately and then the switch to If this the from the If to the of the outlet and then and the thirty the following If incorrect three the displayed and the of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms back to the that appears the and "The operation locked. the displayed, the Terms TIP Preventing theft Protect) the Protect function activated, people who the the to when the turned Furthermore, the that the background of the This effective theft. Protect the turned the displayed. If to switch the buttons shown the the below to to displayed, the Remote ON Protect" (ON) to the If the correctly, While holding the the buttons then buttons
If the correctly, the Protect" If Protect already the Protect displayed. displayed. Protect to the as theft- If Protect to "ON", the accessory TIP the "Background Color" the ("ON" from to or or from or or "OFF") to operations, displayed and the To the Protect" to "OFF" first. If to of the following Protect" (ON) Preventing theft Protect) If the to the If the Select ON Protect", and then the that the without to the following the Select "ON", and then the Turn ON Protect" Press the to This displayed the while continuously about seconds. the approximately The Protect" displayed. holding the seconds. the following to Protect. Protect PROCEDURE The of the of that already the command. Select and then the TIP Remote
While holding the the buttons to The Once four the displayed as displayed. While holding the the hours and then the button. If buttons to the within the of to the the and the finished using the Protect" the as of to the countdown the appear this. Preventing theft Protect) The "The displayed. the that If the incorrectly, displayed prompting to the the of the that and the and the If the to the the to and the countdown Once the the button. TIP Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the Turn Protect" Press the If the to when the from the outlet and then reconnected, first the TIP To and then the If the shown displayed displayed, and then the The the should The the this to button.
This chapter operations such as turning the and off and the Operations the Quality............................... Computer and RGB the Selection) the Selecting the Quality Turning the On.................................... Connecting the Turning the On and Turning the the Screen Focusing the Correction Function............................................................37 the Function)......................36 Manually Correcting Distortion........................39 the and the
that the facing the as the the and then the the accessory to the securely the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Turning the On Turn the to CAUTION the other of the to The light earthed the "Operation" "Direct ON" item as as the the to "ON", sounds and the and then The the that connected to the should turned Connecting the PROCEDURE TIP the cover the the of the cover and the cover. that the turned off the and connected to the the or other to the
The to as the sound to that the Press the the or the to the and to appear. the from flashing to The Protect the to each the turned If this the Turning the On and Turning the On TIP Remote TIP that the flashing and PROCEDURE of the the If the to "ON", the the the appear. If the flashing operation of the buttons the such the the to Turn the connected to the necessary.
that the The following shows of to to the the straight If connected, the from that without to of the buttons to the section of the with If or with LCD heading such as If the the the or the "Connecting or to externally. TIP the [Source Search] the or If than connected to the buttons to the to while to the following from the The input searched projected turn. Turning the On or If the of the become the You should leaving the IBM NEC top-right of Remote selected Computer1 Computer1* Computer1/ The that the "Computer1 and "Computer2 the displayed. Computer2 Computer2* Computer1 Computer2 Computer2/
the and or the appears If the "The heating. nothing the the the or the to the the CAUTION that the connected Turn off the the that connected to the turned off. Follow the below to off the of the Turning the PROCEDURE The switch off. The sound, and the to light the cool-down The about seconds. Press the once and cool-down flashing and lights Remote Press the If to the off, seconds. (The off If the the and button. this The following appear.
If the flashing operation of the If the to "Network ON", operating. This and buttons the lights continuously. Turning the TIP If the the from the the cover to the when using the to the from or dirty. the cover. flashing otherwise it the from the outlet while the operation and reduce the operating life. CAUTION
If correction or Sharpness Turn the to the to the correctly. Focusing the PROCEDURE The of the basically the from the to the These and the that obtained. the the Function) to the correctly. If the of the or as of If this or the TIP The following to the once the The ratio of the EMP-821 and that of the turning the EMP-81/61 The function of the Turn to "T" to reduce the PROCEDURE TIP recommended to the If the the If the from the to the within the If would to the further, the further from the Turn to "W" to the
instead. You the If to the that to the of the to of and the to of and retracting the front foot and the to or off and the than the Doing CAUTION The should that as to the as the and the Correction Function from the from of
appear the the with the vertically, to the vertically while the correction function that this correction as as the of within of the front foot the obtained, the front of the to the While the foot the front of the and then release the foot front foot. the PROCEDURE If the turned to the "W" the This when the turned to the "T" of If would to further "Projection" the to and correction when the correction the buttons the TIP To the front foot, the while the foot Foot TIP If the become appearance correction correction the the sharpness become If correction required, the to "OFF". If the vertically or turn the of the the the correction rear to to the height of the correctly. foot Rear
correction the If the of the correction correction the the sharpness become TIP The with correction function which the of the and to the of correction, the correction automatically. If to further buttons. and Manually Correcting Distortion the which the when correction that the If the the the correction reached. that the elongated If the top of the If the of the elongated PROCEDURE
this the the or the the to the while this item "ON"), If the to "OFF" (the or RGB projected. Remote TIP RGB from connected and these that the of the following three items: obtained. and RGB the Quality The of the as follows. the the to If the the while of the If the the while of the following functions the function the commands to the tracking and then to The following functions the function the correctly to the previous the type of or RGB such about seconds other buttons. and then the function and then the and manually. function function function Tracking and (synchronisation)
the or the The tracking increases or each buttons the to the tracking the from the and the pressed. or RGB and this to If appear the the Tracking manually using the following the Quality the Tracking the the to the The when tracking this TIP this operation, to the Press the the or the and then from the PROCEDURE
the or the or interference from buttons the The increases or each to the synchronisation the the and the pressed. or RGB and this using to If or interference appear the (synchronisation) manually the following the Quality the the the to the If the without the tracking first, incorrect clearly, to the with of and to to the Incorrect tracking and when the brightness, noticeable with of tracking first. TIP this operation, to the and then from Press the the or the the PROCEDURE sharpness and correction
The as follows each the pressed. Blackboard Theatre PROCEDURE the selecting the that The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily to the The brightness of the which selected. Selecting the Quality Selection) the Quality The appears the top-right of the each the Remote Brightness that fresher and than to the If the connected both the and the to Brightness to that Brightness to that TV bright with tints obtained when Blackboard tints. Theatre Application The using the the TIP or RGB input: The the as follows. other input:
The appears the when the Press the the or the the increases, buttons the to the the to the and when to the the and The of the built-in as follows. the PROCEDURE Remote If the the the each input The using the when the that the reached. TIP
This chapter the of and to the Advanced Operations the the of Functions "Info" Functions A/V the Aspect Ratio) function...................................................................49 Projection of from
You the "Background Color" to the when and from the following three Functions Enhancing Projection This section the functions that to and sound to played back the and this function when the operations such as selecting while to the where the function activated. when to of This function the and sound. A/V the to to the A/V function the "Brightness the A/V function used, the "Brightness to the The the EPSON To the to own TIP when the [A/V the You the pressed. The and sound then Press the [A/V PROCEDURE Remote
This function the aspect ratio of from to when which recorded or or Projection of from the Aspect This function the The sound and to The back the while from the where without Functions Projection The aspect ratio each the pressed. PROCEDURE To the the once You the The then Press the Remote PROCEDURE You this the command the TIP Pressing the clears displays The function while the function and used. TIP
the pressed, the with the its the pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the You the the This function and reduce of such as and indicating the the to appear the Press the Functions PROCEDURE The selected to of ratio To the the TIP the to the of the that to the to the or reduced. the Remote
To the function, the The then from the to the the This function the to around This function to of that to the to function operations. the to. Functions Projection function You the the to the of the to of three The appear the of the Press the Remote PROCEDURE TIP
The hierarchical with that which further other The to of and to the the the Functions
Function Brightness emphasised, that Brightness to If to the Corrects the of the The Brightness to that TV fresher and greater than tints. It when that or light and bright, to such to Blackboard with tints obtained each type of or light and when the the You from to the to 6500K. that the surroundings. bright Theatre The commands the commands that apply to the input of the the input that projected. input. the Functions of Functions Computer/RGB the brightness. Brightness the light and the the sharpness. Sharpness
7500K Function bright within from (This item selected selected If the lower, appear If the higher, appear bluish as the the the intensity of the the of the the intensity of the and tones appear and tones appear to bluish Red: the and the intensity of the red, and each input the Functions Red: the functions Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the to their
Function Brightness that Brightness to If to the Corrects the of the The Brightness to that TV fresher and greater than tints. It when that or light and bright, to such to Blackboard with tints obtained each type of or light and when the the You from to the to 6500K. that the surroundings. bright Theatre the Functions the brightness. Brightness the light and the the the the sharpness. Sharpness when or NTSC input.) the tint.
6500K Function bright within from (This item selected selected If the lower, appear If the higher, appear bluish as the the the of the the of the the of the and tones appear and tones appear to bluish Red: the and the of the red, and each input the Functions Red: the Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the to their
Function ON when appear the Tracking You the the tracking brightness, sharpness or when or and appear when the interference appear the first and then the when the input Selects whether the function "ON" or "OFF". input. commands that apply to the input The Tracking and the input that projected. The items the the Functions If and the appear Selects the input with the that connected to the [Computer1/Component If to the input with the connected "Computer1". the and the that appears. Press the the or the and then the Computer1 Computer/RGB If and the appear Selects the input with the that to the [Computer2/Component If to the input with the connected "Computer2". Computer2
Function the to their "Computer1 and Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the "Computer2 the Functions
Function If and the appear when Selects the input with the that connected to the [Computer1/Component If to the input with the connected input.) the vertically and using the that appears. Press the the or the and then the Computer1 the Functions If and the appear when Selects the input with the that connected to the [Computer2/Component If to the input with the connected input.) Computer2 the aspect ratio only when and then the selection from Press the the or the the selection that appears. to the the input.) automatically.
Function Press the the or the to their To such as the and and the to their from the the Functions
Function ON the to If the function detecting the and correcting "ON" or "OFF" when the to something other than this This function when the "Projection" vertically. selected. If the become appearance correction the sharpness correction the Corrects become the Functions OFF the to "ON", the the If the the function holding the to "ON", the operation of buttons the exiting the seconds. The of the that appears when the the selected from the following three the High This the brightness to of Select the too bright such as when or selected, the of the reduced, the amount of electricity and reduced and the operating Brightness
Function the to their select"Reset from Press the the or the To such as the and the to their the Functions
ON Function This related to the or when the when the [A/V the To the to whether of the following turned when the switched when the switched input to or input input the Background Color: "ON" or "OFF". The input. the Functions ON Background Color: If the Protect" function of Protect Protect function these from to or or from to "ON", the or to the To the to whether the screen or EPSON Protect" function of Protect to "ON". and then follow the instructions the Protect function recording Press the the or the recorded the that appear the ("OFF") the Protect" function of Protect to "ON". the Protect This from ("ON") to function the Records
Function Select when the front of the Select when the front of the Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from the and from the the the Rear the Functions Direct ON: OFF OFF off the then the cool- "Direct ON" to "ON", the the connected, This related to operation. without to the Direct ON: and then displayed. (The lights the when to and then the to "ON", and If the connected to the to operations when "Direct ON" to "ON", the Projection when the button while the then the cool-down finished, the the restored. pressed. input.
Network OFF Function to "Network ON" to and to "Network ON", the If the the functions and the function while the and then the and the softwares* and the turned off. To the EMP and the products, RS-232C (straight, RS-232C The followings products. UDS100, UDS200 (LANTRONIX) of the UDS100 the UDS200 EMP Allows to such as turning the and off and switching input the and them once the Functions country of purchase) English RS-232C This to "RS-232C" or "USB", If the the the that with the turned off. COM "Background Color" to or to their Protect" to to "OFF", the and "Operation" the to their "ON". Press the the or the and then the selection. the displays. the and information about the software, please the following Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the
Function 0H the input which currently Source appear when the input the input or the warning reached, the the operating both "High Brightness" and Brightness". characters appear red. The "Info" shows the the The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of Computer/RGB the Functions "Info" service to or the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Informations this that appear when the input Instructions/World Warranty Terms or appear when the input the input or appear when the input the refresh or (Not displayed RGB or the Refresh Info Rate
Function To such as or "Background Color" to or Hours" and to "OFF", these to their Press the the or the to their The "Computer1 "Computer2 when Protect" to "ON". items to their from the respective the Functions selected, the operating to the the operating this
Press the to the selection of Confirm the selection. The operated the or the the Functions the The appears. Press the PROCEDURE the and or buttons the to to the item to and the the Remote
the the to the the to displayed, the that item displayed. the or the If the when items with The to Currently-selected item the the and the the and or buttons the to to the to and then the Select and the the and "Info" the input that The items that displayed the projected. the Functions Press the the to of the functions of each TIP
This chapter to and what to found. Troubleshooting the Reading the Indicators........................................................71 lights red.......................................................... Warning...................................................................................... or flashes Normal....................................................................................... flashes or the relating to when Other lights or
displays to the It of If with the the function on-screen and The displayed. Press the the PROCEDURE Press the to the selection of Confirm the selection. Remote and the to the or the Select the Remote Remote
the operations and to The cleared when the pressed. through the to items. the If the function to the to TIP
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three which the operating of the Reading the off flashing lights If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to that they Stop using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Stop the the from the and or the the "International Warranty section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms or related
off flashing about the switch to the following that the and clear, and that the The off and about the to turn the back If the or them. or (overheating) If this the and the to overheat or the to when the turned using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the Then or the the "International If the back and then the If the If this the the and the from Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty with If the with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced.) that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch the and off flashing or flashes that the and clear and that they (This abnormality, the too high such as automatically.) High-speed cooling If the clogged, or them. or Warning
off flashing lights or orange/flashes or off flashing If to the the the that the increase. the with as as The the the or the with Normal Warm-up seconds. the flashing. Warm-up You the from the when the light this Projection when the pressed. or cool-down finished and the sounded and the The while cool-down the The cool-down about seconds. to light the operation. Please Cool-down If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the previous or the the "International Warranty section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the following TIP
when If of the following and the offer to the each Projection the completely the completely the appear relating to The The when turned off sound heard or the sound Other such as interference, or white appear. Can switch to the [Source Search] The "Not Supported." displayed Interference or appear The or or of Projection The whole appears or performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear Nothing appears the right of the displayed. appear
The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. both switched off? that Press the to turn the the pressed? relating to appear If the to "OFF", to "ON" that displayed. displayed, to the item that indicates. to "OFF"? If or connected to the the command to the the correct? Press the [A/V the to the A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the the correctly? when when from of the buttons the ([Computer1], [Computer2], or Press the of the to switch to the Can switch to the [Source Search] the from the when from
this Press the to the If operations about while input. The the to "ON", the off to used, the to "OFF". "Operation" to "ON"? to the with the and of the from the of Supported Displays" If or connected to the the to the the correct? when The "Not Supported." the match the and of the when from
[Source Search] the or the to the Press the [Computer1], [Computer2], or the or the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned the input selected? The If the while the already turned the function that switches when the externally, they the to output Turn the the and title such as or "Connecting to the output to as as the If the to the LCD or to the accessory the off and then back appear the LCD or accessory Turn the the to the the correctly? the to the when from or with built-in LCD or of the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the the off and the to If the from to or the The recommended of the EMP-821 and that of the EMP-81/61 the that within this the the Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the too the cover. the attached?
If or connected to the the to the the correct? that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Interference or appear when from Press the the or the the to If the correctly the the and If used, interference the the accessory and this used? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" the selected? the and Tracking correctly? when and RGB only
the or the the to If other than RGB from or RGB input, If the correctly the function, the If RGB from or RGB projected, the the manually the command. manually using the command. Press the the to the function. Press the the the correctly? the correctly? the the function? or only about of the the To the whole of If activated the of the the the the off the the the that the that with this of Displays" the selected? when when
and or "Computer1 or "Computer2 the the with If or RGB to the [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/ and "Computer1" or "Computer2" the "Computer1 or If to the [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/ "Computer2 the the with "Computer1 "Computer2 red. the input match the from the connected right If or connected to the the command to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the Intensity" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. Intensity", "Tint" the to the "Color the correctly? the "Brightness" command to the brightness. "Brightness" the "Contrast" to the "Contrast" the brightness correctly? the correctly? the intensity and correctly? when from
the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the brightness and "Brightness" the "Contrast" command to the "Contrast" "Brightness the and correctly? the correctly? appear the nearly the become and the become this the should with the The [Computer2/Component and from to the of The that displayed those from the [Computer1/ the [Computer1/Component from other than the projected? Nothing appears the when The correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. of the switched off? There the or the defective. the If this the the the from the and the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Alternatively, the to supplied. Press the to the the the off and when the touched?
that the connected to the the connected correctly? the that sound heard. sound heard or the sound the to the Other The operating the and the the light-receiving vertically. the location where light the light- Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. A/V active? The operating the the or light from light-receiving the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? the too from the The If the to "Network ON", the to the cool-down finished. while that they the around. the to "Network ON"? The when turned off the or the correctly?
This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the Appendices of ESC/VP21 Commands............................. Command Communication USB USB Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the the of Computer/RGB Specifications.................................................... Appearance........................................................ Index................................................................... Optional and Optional
If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the operation and shortening of the service life. Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and You should the it becomes or the of to CAUTION Cleaning cloth to the Then containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with with cloth. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the CAUTION If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with "Appendices: Optional Accessories". TIP the with or the to shocks, as easily become commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the These the to such as or thinner to and the coating off. Cleaning the CAUTION
of to the brightness and The to appear the following continuously high brightness: hours continuously hours "Brightness of the TIP The the appears the when This section to the and the It to the when: If to the this the of the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should appears, the with as as becomes the ready displayed. the flashing The or to Flashing
the cooled then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver that Then the cover straight and to It approximately hour the to cool with the (or head cover from the of the the cool-down finished. screwdriver). the cooled sufficiently the cover. It further hour the cool-down If the If the of which should that the and when the cover. finished the to cool enough. that the the CAUTION the fixing screws with the screwdriver that with the (or head the fixing screws. screwdriver). sounds, and then the and Turn off the the cool- The cool-down about seconds. PROCEDURE
the and the cover fixing screws. the cover. If the with or the as shown the below and further If the yourself, to of and of the the off as the the securely. If the cover the The mercury. of properly the or the cover with correctly. TIP the that the fits the correctly and once the screws. the
Select from the and then the Therefore, the counter to the operating the operating reaches The built-in counter which of the the warning to displayed. with You this the the TIP Select and then the The operating then replaced, otherwise the indicated the operating the correctly. the the and then the The displayed. Remote PROCEDURE
the covers from the and them the they The the If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. Turn off the the cool- the PROCEDURE of properly with Polycarbonate, ABS Polyurethane TIP and sounds, and then the The cool-down about seconds. the of the and the to Recess
Select from the and then the TIP You the that currently as recorded, the PROCEDURE If the Protect" function of Protect" to recorded. To Protect" to "ON", and the "OFF" first. If correction or they when the selected. TIP the that to as and then the button. Remote
displayed. the to and buttons the to the of the to as the and then the The to recorded and selection the or the the of the to the Select the then the TIP the the or the the their from the of the or with that projected, the TIP to
The then Once the Select the and then the "Completed." displayed. the Select the and then the the or other which connected to the (about seconds). the while the otherwise Once the operation. to the factory TIP Select the the and then the
The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without when the high or with ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 Optional and this to the hand. Soft carrying ELPKS27 roll-type Aspect ratio ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Optional from the Please would of to the to this to OHP and ELPDC04 as ELPAF06 as ELPLP30 This the as the accessory VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 this the accessory too VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC06 to ELPKC19 ELPKC27 when the to mount ELPMB07
The following of of the terms this which or which the of this Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio which the and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM This the which the cooled become through Cool-down when the to off the the while otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the operating of the or with the operation of the sound Normal which which to this and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The of the light and areas of increased or to text and from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which Interlaced of whereby the from from top to to The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV
Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as This function to allow that than or than the to that they the whole of the which the and to It to which of and C (the of the If tracking correctly, The from and RGB If the match this the of quality. The of the of these appear the Tracking type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA The from and RGB If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the synchronized, such as and interference (synchronisation) international that that which easily operating (OS) and the type of with of which IBM computers. SVGA Universal USB interface to which only relatively USB type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. UXGA type of with of which IBM computers. XGA type of with of which IBM computers. VGA
Parity Flow Stop Communication to the the turn the command, and the If terminates with the and the to the turned and then the to of ESC/VP21 Commands Command Connector (RS-232C) input Command Item SOURCE 1F Computer1 SOURCE Computer1 SOURCE SOURCE 2F Computer2 SOURCE Computer2 SOURCE SOURCE PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF selection of the commands, (CR) to the SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF MSEL Black MSEL MSEL A/V Selection
<At <At USB (type B) Connector USB <At Connector (RS-232C) input of ESC/VP21 Commands <At (type B) ready DTR DTR DSR ground GND GND GND ready DSR DSR DTR Function <At (PC <At TD TD RD RD RD TD
If the the cool-down and sounds, the CAUTION Download the USB (USB-COM from the EPSON to The URL as follows. to the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following of ESC/VP21 Commands USB PROCEDURE the downloaded USB Read the instructions the the "COM the to "USB". Once the turned back sounds, and then the cool-down and USB then the Turn the off.
Aspect ratio SDTV (D1) EMP-61 EMP-821/81 Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Refresh of Supported EMP-61 EMP- VGA VGAEGA Refresh Computer/RGB Aspect ratio SDTV SDTV (D2) HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) EMP-61 EMP-821/81 Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect Refresh VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" UXGA TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) ratio the VGA The of the supported. SDTV HDTV
DIN Computer1/Component Connectors Computer2/Component (W) (H) (D) including (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (W) (H) SVGA EMP-821/81 XGA EMP-61 EMP-821/81/61 Product TFT active inches EMP-81/61 inches EMP-821 Specifications USB (B USB*: The USB to correctly with USB- The USB interface with the USB Black (RS-232C) RCA UHE W, ELPLP30 EMP-81/61 EMP-821 100240VAC 3.21.6A supply 5W (light TM DNX ICs this +60C +35C
The Directive (73/23/EEC) CSA C22.2 UL60950 Third Edition IEC60950 Edition Community USA Specifications The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 Community EN55024, FCC Class ICES-003 Class USA EMC AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New
4-M4 Appearance of Units: from of to fixing