EMP- Checking the and from their that the following items included. If items or Service cover with (AA R6) A/V (red/white/yellow) USB PS/2 Instruction (this Soft to "the or "the this to with the or from the PS/2
EMP- This Started and and instructions, and and Projecting Connecting with and and What You Can Functions to the of Functions (Remote Only) functions and Troubleshooting Troubleshooting and other and other and Notes Optional instructions, specifications and international warranty
EMP- Compact and Lightweight The lightweight of and roughly pounds) allows easy carrying. Clear, Though clear, well-illuminated areas. of the including NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, and SECAM. Clarity of from and input Correction Function and This built-in function allows easy correction of caused Wireless Remote Operations The allows wireless operation of including and and reduction. Effects Function (Remote of the effective Cursor/Stamp
EMP- Function (Remote (from to vertically and with Allows and reduction. Reduction
EMP-
EMP- Started and Functions Remote
EMP- Precautions To and of these completely. that this Warning: serious or death. operation that this or to Warning: If of the following malfunctions immediately off and the and or Service Occurrence of or of or sound of or of or other to the fire or shock. the and should attempted. Only trained service should the and the should or The high which fire, or other indicated the of fire or shock. that the correct. which matches the specifications the country of purchase included with the If the country from the country of purchase, the supply and the of the the country and that which matches the that country. cord. or shock Treat the as follows. the cord. heavy the cord. or the severely. the near heating If the becomes or Service
EMP- the the The light Where the and with fire or shock. Treat the and as follows. or or and completely. with the to the or the or The and other to from and or Service of or items the or fire or shock. or or other the or of the or shock the or the containing closed of sunlight, or heater or other high location. Heat the or or internal to malfunction, leading to fire.
EMP- or heavy the or and the base, location, or other The or and and the of reach of The or and injury. the or location, food or or the of or or shock the of the internal heat build-up and fire. the the following locations. bookshelves, or other cramped locations with On or cover the with tablecloths, or other cloths. If walls, allow least (7.87inches) from walls. the when the switch off and the and that disconnected. or shock the immediately off the allow hour cooling. Heat burns or
EMP- of and of fire, or of the the following to of type or specified the Instruction of the with cloth or other item and fresh batteries. promptly. the of heat the or throw them fire or the with polarity If or other areas, promptly with of with the the both shock the (5C to 35C) of the and malfunction. the (-10C to 60C) malfunction and of the to the locations to sunlight. with the Heat the cover. The LCD of high-precision and than should bear that than of the non-functioning or light improperly.
EMP- and Functions Unit Foot Remote [Rear] Foot Rear Foot Foot Foot Foot Cover
EMP- Switches and off. *Press to the off. (Select) when Source the Computer, and Computer/Component input from or input of from of from Press the right of the to reduce the Press the of the to the L/R input of from A/V Mouse/Com Used when the as wireless USB Used when the as wireless input of from A/V input of from A/V
EMP- Remote Temporarily To release the the A/V Temporarily and sound. To release the or the assigned function. function and as the right or Battery Lights from Switches and off. *Press to the off. R/C On Switches and off. the function. Used scrolling, item selection, and as the topic-specific this when Computer, Switches to the selected
EMP- Remote The and from the the the following (393.70inches) Vertically The R/C On switch switched to "On" to the the the the the operating (393.70inches) of the when the pointed towards the to its the of sunlight, light, and light These the to malfunction. If the malfunctions or operating, the the with fresh Remote
EMP- the Remote This section to the cover. the catch of the cover the shown the arrow. to fresh of the type as the batteries. to match the polarity to that indicated the Battery type AA (R6) of of approximately months. the cover. Press the cover the clicks
EMP- Notes and Projection
EMP- Notes The obtained when the and facing each other directly, as shown below. and this from right or approximately approximately correction allows correction of from or below] the the of the or the the right and rear of the the with heater, or other the walls, allow least (7.87inches) from walls.
EMP- Instructions allows the following the as location from the front] and from the rear]
EMP- and Select from to that The recommended (39.37inches)13.1 (515.75inches) to the following (inch) the as to and other factors (433.07-515.75inch) correction reduce *If to of least the and the
EMP- Connecting to Connecting to A/V Sound Through the
EMP- Connecting to Computers which connected allow and others allow that the specifications of the the following [The that the that that "RGB or or the the section to or the the instruction the that and that the Computers with integrated and other as as purchase of other output attached. [The and of the within the of specifications shown the following The and of the with to allow allow clear obtained). the and of the the instruction of the
EMP- Compatible Chart Computers If the and of the which from the to of the the below, those projected. to such they clear the instruction the the and of the Furthermore, the If this the the to the below. Refresh PC (RGB) VGAEGA XGA SXGA1 SXGA2 SXGA3 MAC19 MAC21 PC (YUV) HDTV525I HDTV750P HDTV1125I NTSC VGACGA VGA Text VGA Text VESA SVGA MAC13 MAC16 HDTV525P PAL SECAM resized displays (when EMP-70 EMP-50
EMP- Connecting to connecting, switch off to the and that and interfaces match each other. You from with If interface, that this interface. to Macintosh, optional using the cords and together. instruction or the From You from built-in allows 1W. selected or when input specified the from the Purchase that matches the of and the separately)
EMP- Connecting to A/V A/V with To R-Audio (Red) (White) To To (L) (White) To (R) (Red) R-Audio (Red) (White) A/V with To (L) (White) To (R) (Red) separately)
EMP- If DVD (optional A/V with To (L) (White) To (R) (Red) If using DVD player, (optional A/V with To (L) (White) To (R) (Red) or the DVD and HDTV To the aspect ratio of the and Aspect Ratio Computer/Component To To or To or (Red) (White) Computer/Component R-Audio (Red) To R-Audio (Red) (White)
EMP- Sound Through Connecting the of to PA active or other with built-in amplifiers pleasing sound. connecting to (0.14inches) Insertion of the terminals of from the Though the the of A/V the to the connected to the L/R purchasing thoroughly the interface of the connecting. separately)
EMP- Projecting from A/V Preparation Warning: the when the switched The light the supplied. of other fire or shock. with the cover Heat the cover. Cord Connector Cord that the and or A/ connected. the cover. the with to the the with the the and the and completely the the of the The light with operated while the operation flashing
EMP- ready displayed. there The lights To the the R/C On switch to "On". Press the to switch The operation to and approximately seconds, the from flashing to steady
EMP- input Press the Source to the to Each the Source pressed, the Computer, S- and If there input the the Source switches the from to the to the to switch the of the Computer, or buttons. If the to Computer. Switch to the or A/V to The and from the or A/V projected. If the the If the the
EMP- and integrated LCD (when connected)] or LCD connected to the commands or to the of Press and "F0" to the the instruction of the Switching F3 NEC F3 F5 F7 IBM F7 SONY F10 restarting, the and sound the to the to displayed the the as they such
EMP- This section to the performance. and the the of the the to the as directly as Foot the to of projection. to the foot Release the foot to the Turn the of the front to to height. back the front
EMP- the This section to the Correction the foot to the the correction function to or roughly Turn the the to the achieved the or covered with off or If succeed, the (39.37inches) and (515.75inches) Press the the to the correction reduces The correction memory. You to the the to location or the If correction the noticeably reduce the sharpness with the commands Sharpness
EMP- (Remote Only) the This function to input If the input this function and and Press the and the to Operations Only)" the (Remote Only) Press the to the to easily This function the types. these the commands to functions such as or A/V the to these there
EMP- the Operation lights Press the displayed. Press the The the flashes and cool-down the switches to steady If to the another action the seconds. that the lights The flashing operation that (which about operated cool-down If the pulled of the the
EMP- Cord finished the foot the Foot the of the the of the while the flashing This malfunction or the life. the R/C On switch to the R/C On switch switched off, amount of to the and the batteries. If the or the the R/C On switch to the with the foot with and the slowly. the cover.
EMP- What You Can the Wireless Effects and
EMP- the Wireless The included allows to operations location. The the action as right and the the action as allows to the without Unassisted Remote If functions the functions the as follows. Right This function while Function, function, function, or function
EMP- switch off to the and Connecting with the malfunction or the supplied. other with IBM PC/AT Compatible PS/2 the (DOS/V and the USB* USB the USB and the USB USB the following. The only those with the USB interface and from and to and The those with the USB interface The USB interface operation of Mouse/Com, USB
EMP- The included of Reduction factor displayed. Press the the to or reduce the (The releases this and reduction factors of the to that right
EMP- The the allows to the of the right of the reduced. the of the The that the and buttons from to This function active the
EMP- Effects the Effect1 and Effect2 buttons, to (to this function, the Effect Cursor/Stamp This the and location. This displays the and allows to or Press the Effect1 to the to the to location. Press the and the displayed as To the To the the Effect3 Press the Effect2 to the or to the or To the the
EMP- and (Remote Only) You or other and Sound (Remote Only) You temporarily and sound and or Press the the (To release the the Press the A/V the (To the the A/V or another the A/V the of the when and muted
EMP- You topic-specific this function when Press the to the function. (Press the to this function.) If using the function, the "Troubleshooting" section this the Select the to topic the the Press the to selection. Select topic as and and follow the instructions displayed.
EMP- Functions (Remote Only) Learning Operations............................46 Effect Advanced About
EMP- Learning Operations This section the functions each the each [Explanation of the to the the to the or or right Press the Press the and Press the to the top To this the the to the top the Selection] the to the selection] Press Press the to the or to the or the to the Press the to to the Press the to to the top Press the to clear the
EMP- Press the the to from the top displayed, and the to to there from or the there from the to as follows when Computer/Component Projection and the from (such as or the Tracking when broad appear when input RGB). when or only when input RGB). tracking of tracking Computer/Component Projection
EMP- Projection Brightness brightness. Increases brightness/ Decreases brightness/ tint. red. Sharpness sharpness. sharpness and sharpness and If correction distinctive, reduce the sharpness. of Increases (Used when containing text and graphics) Normal to (Used to Select the input of the YUV:Color HDTV input (Can when the input RGB) ON active OFF active Select the to Selection of PAL to Aspect Ratio Select the aspect (Can when to factory factory To to factory the Computer/Component
EMP- Press the the to from the top displayed, and the to to the of sound from the Increases Decreases the tone of sound from the Increases Decreases Select input the input input that of the displayed selected. displayed, input selected). input from selected. input from A/V selected. to factory factory To to factory the
EMP- Press the the to "Effect" from the top displayed, and the to to Cursor/Stamp the function assigned to the Effect1 Select the of the Rate Select the factor the the function assigned to the Effect2 button. Select the Select the of the from Cursor the High Effect to their factory factory To to factory the
EMP- Press the the to from the top displayed, and the to to If the to Normal You the with the the correction reduces The correction memory. You to the the If correction the noticeably reduce the sharpness with the commands Sharpness. the when there OFF displayed. (Screen displays Black displayed background (when the English). background (when the English). Prompt whether the input currently selected displayed/not the ON input switching, the input approximately seconds. OFF The input displayed.
EMP- A/V Temporarily to the or Press the A/V to this function. Black displayed. displayed. activated, the when input from of ON active OFF inactive to their factory factory To to factory the
EMP- Advanced Press the the to "Advanced" from the top displayed, and the to to Select the Select from English, Spanish, Chinese and or RGB to the displayed the of the Select and the to The (K). Increases (strengthens Decreases red). RGB: red, and intensity. Select "RGB" and the to Rear This from the rear of ON vertically. OFF This with the from ON vertically and OFF Advanced to their factory factory To to factory the
EMP- About Press the button, the to "About" from the top displayed, and the to to and Information The information the About as shown below from Computer/Component Projection Projection to this function when the Source the the input H: the V: the SYNC Polarity polarity. SYNC attributes. input Refresh Rate refresh A/V to the (NTSC)" displayed.) Computer/Component Projection
EMP- Press the and the to from the displayed. to and excluded) that and cleared this operation.
EMP- Initial Initial shown below. Initial (Computer/ Tracking the connected Brightness Sharpness Normal RGB ON Aspect Ratio Brightness Sharpness Normal Aspect Ratio Effect Cursor/Stamp Color: Width: Cursor Prompt ON A/V Black OFF Advanced (Computer/Component 7500K, 6700K) Rear OFF
EMP- Troubleshooting Not
EMP- If think first the the includes and which information Operation or Steady (Not Press the to Flashing Please about You the cool- Press the cool-down Steady (Not Flashing Warm-up (Not Please Warm-up approximately seconds. warm-up the flashing to steady Not If the replaced, that the and cover attached securely. the the
EMP- and or Steady High internal Flashing with with ELPLP13 Flashing Stop the the from the and or Service the of this Flashing High-speed cooling If the with to Not the following If the shown this The of the 5C35C, and the should this the well-ventilated location where and Clean the While the red, turn off the to the internal of the If the to injury, and Service the replaced). If the or cover attached securely, follow the instructions to securely. Not to further The of the 5C35C, and the should this the well-ventilated location where and Clean the
EMP- Not Not Projected [Nothing Displayed] the cover turned the off and then immediately The operated immediately the switched off. The becomes If to and input the off automatically. correctly? "A/V active? the or the [A Appears] shows "Not Supported". shows the of the from higher than SXGA that the of the from instruction to to the or of the from the connected correctly? correctly selected the input connected? Press the Source the (Computer, or the to switch the to connected or A/V output from or A/V or integrated LCD- type to the normally only to LCD externally. Switch the to LCD
EMP- Unclear Blurry focused Not focused when externally. sections such as and to Externally Connected the instruction of the the correctly? the The recommended (39.37inches) to (515.75inches) the this the dirty? the beam facing the directly? the covered with If the from the become covered with and the the should to Press the the Tracking*, and the to the correct? the items to to input the correct? Select the input selecting RGB: YUV: DVD HDTV
EMP- Disappears or connected correctly? the selected? to with the instruction with to the Press the the Tracking*, and the to the correct? the items to to input the correct? Select the input selecting RGB: YUV: DVD HDTV included or too should with than (393.70inches) the items to the selected? to with the instruction with to the the of type or integrated LCD-type the to LCD or the only to the
EMP- There Sound brightness correctly? connected correctly? correctly? correctly? and correctly? and to or LCD match, this the nearly or and should with fresh the correct? Select the input selecting RGB: YUV: DVD HDTV the nearly or and should with fresh brightness correctly? correctly? connected correctly? connected correctly? selected the whose to to the the A/V function The A/V active. Press the to release the A/V the input correct? Select the selecting
EMP- The Remote Not Switch off Pressing the OFF the R/C On switch to On? the the operation? The of approximately or right and approximately or below the the the too from the The approximately (393.70inches). the the the the of or light? the worn? the correctly? The operation steady The operation of the to switched off. the of the the operation The the and turned off, cool-down* cool-down, the operation lights and should the of the Cool-down the and other factors.
EMP- Cleaning
EMP- Cleaning Clean when or Clean the every hours Warning: trained service should the The high which shock. internal repairs, and cleaning, to or Service when the and fire or shock. the the following. or or or the and and completely. the or with to the immediately Heat burns or other switching off and the the cooled completely. operations, the and of the and respectively. Switch off to the and the cleaning. Cleaning the Unit from the lightly with cloth. the lightly with cloth of and thoroughly, then with cloth. thinners, or other These the or the finish. Cleaning the Clean the with or cleaning The of the easily scratched and should or with
EMP- Cleaning the the increases the and malfunction. To from the the upright with the upward. Then or other to from the If to the from the to
the with the following instances. optional separately). ELPLP13) the following displayed seconds the of the the the the displayed. the flashes or to its If the light, the expired. To the and the as as appears. To the and hours. Though appears approximately hours, characteristics or hours, and that hand. purchased from the securely. when the cover the warning flashes red, and the If the or cover improperly, the light. flashes
EMP- Wall Switch off to the and the cool-down* Cool-down to and other factors. the cooled completely, the cover. The to cool completely. Press the catches and the cover the screwdriver to the screws, then the and the the properly, the the of the housing, and screwdriver to the screws firmly. the cover. the cover and the hear the catches that the catches securely the About to to its
EMP-
EMP- Notes Optional Instructions Index..............................................................75 Specifications International Warranty
EMP- Optional The shown below Purchase these as (ELPLP13) Recommended purchase (screwdriver included). inch ELPSC06 inch ELPSC07 inch ELPSC08 RGB ELCCB05: ELCCB10: the included enough. Soft carrying (ELPKS16, ELPKS24) Used PC (ELPST01) when RGB used. (ELPDC01, ELPDC02, ELPDC03) with OHP or projection. ELPKC02: ELPKC09: ELPKC10: the included enough. (ELPAP01) connecting the to (ELPKC19: (ELPKC22: 15/D
EMP- Instructions includes and as follows to malfunction caused to the the If the impacts shock-absorbing and Hand-Carrying carrying ELPKS16 or ELPKS24). the on-board as Purchasers should bear that the warranty apply to malfunction
EMP- This of which this the text or to to other publications. A/V to temporary of and this function when the A/V pressed. the A/V or this function released. SVGA to IBM (DOS/V) SXGA to IBM (DOS/V) (synchronization) If the of match that clear obtained. Matching of phases to as synchronization If synchronization achieved, displays and USB interface with relatively low-speed peripheral VGA to IBM (DOS/V) XGA to IBM (DOS/V) Cool-Down the and the cooling the cooling and buttons become inactive. Cool-down about The or of and that or of characters and This to as Tracking output If the of match that clear obtained. of to as tracking matched, displays broad
EMP- Specifications Product EMP-70/50 300(W) 80(H) (11.81(W) 3.15(H) including Format TFT Count <EMP-70> <EMP-50> (Light Source) UHE Rated 150W ELPLP13 1W 240VAC 2.4A 1.2A +5C +35C -10C +60C Computer/Component Mouse/Com DIN RCA DIN, RCA (L, R) USB USB (B-type) Specifications without
EMP- The below shows the EMP-70. The EMP-50 the Units: (inch)
EMP- International Warranty warranted internationally, and serviced than countries the country of purchase. Please that the of the warranty to those of the international warranty, and that warranty when service country where the warranty The international warranty only the following Austria Greece Ireland Norway United <North America United States <South America> South Thailand The following specify warranty and This warranty of warranty or issued the country where the purchased. This warranty as and service organizations the countries this The warranty months from purchase. This warranty to the of and as the terms of the warranty. of service. This warranty apply the following of wear items or the customer, to or with this Service or third other than or service occurring the of or wear other than or assured or The included based the specifications the country of purchase. other purchase the country concerned. International Warranty This as of the information, the of the each country, indicated below. If information shown, www.epson.com.
EMP- EUROPE AUSTRIA EPSON Austria BELGIUM EPSON Address: BULGARIA PROSOFT AI BG-1113 Sofia BG.BG CROATIA HR-10000 Address: CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 DENMARK FINLAND geographical excluded) FRANCE EPSON F-92300 Address: GERMANY EPSON GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. H-2040 IRELAND ITALY EPSON F. (MI) Address: LUXEMBURG EPSON Address: MACEDONIA NETHERLANDS EPSON Address: NORWAY PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. Address: POLAND FOR EVER PL- ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO-
EMP- SLOVAKIA SK-98401 SLOVENIA SLO-1001 SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN At. SWEDEN SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 Address: TURKEY TIC. A.S. UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ Address: YUGOSLAVIA BS NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEANI ISLANDS CANADA CANADA L4B IJ3 Address: COSTA RICA S.A. Americana, Address: MEXICO S.A. C.V. AV. DF Address: U. S. A. Inc. Airport CA Address:
EMP- SOUTH AMERICA ARGENTINA S.A. Aires BRAZIL SP Address: CHILE Chile S.A. Address: COLOMBIA Address: PERU S.A. Address: VENEZUELA S.A. Address: ASIA OCEANIA AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street NSW AUSTRALIA Address: HONGKONG EPSON Technical (Information Harbour Road, HONG KONG Address: JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VD Customer Group: JAPAN KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD 17F HANSOL KOREA MALAYSIA EPSON TRADING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. U1, SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Commonwealth SINGAPORE TAIWAN EPSON 10F, East Road, Section THAILAND EPSON (Thailand) Co.,Ltd. Tower, South Sathorn Road, Sathorn, Thailand. Technical Tower, Road, Rachataewee, Thailand.
EMP- DECLARATION of CONFORMITY to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B. V. EJ AMSTERDAM, The that the Product of LCD ELP-70 EMP-70 ELP-50 EMP-50 Conforms to the following Directives and Norm(s) Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN Directive 73/23/EEC EN
EMP- DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product LCD EMP-70/50 ELP-70/50 Airport CA Telephone:
EMP- FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the ncrease the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of