Projection Procedure This the operations the and the Connecting to Turning and Projecting projected.......................................................... and Turning the off....................................................
W: from the of the to the of the the the and Right) and Down) the Approx. Approx. Approx. EMP-X3/82 this upright. This W: from the of the to the of the If this to the the the of correction, the from English Based the choose the The only the the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms first. EMP-62
DVD players, VHS players, RGB and The the To DVD players, VHS players, RGB and The the To (Commercially RCA To Connecting to Source (Optional) (Commercially (Commercially A/V (Commercially Connecting to Source (Optional) (Commercially (Commercially (Commercially A/V (Commercially the If 2RCA (L/R) the with the or You choose to to or Turn off connected to force to when the to with This (Accessory Optional) (Commercially To (Commercially (Accessory Optional) (Commercially English Connecting to Connecting to EMP-X3 Connecting to To EMP-82/62 To
the seconds to If the projected, Computers (the usually playback then NEC SOTEC HP TOSHIBA IBM SONY DELL FUJITSU or OS, them If the straight turning off, the becomes than Turning the off Turn off connected Press or the the the Electricity the off. the cover. this the this Warming (about seconds). and with displays the the the and correction and sharpness the unfocused. Rear Foot Reading the Flashing Press to to playback. The the of the the to the of the function You turned the correction (EMP-82/62 only) corrections from the the turning than to the correction to the the foot. and the "Direct On" the when the connected. of about the High to On. Remote (Accessory Correcting Distortion You the to of about the the front foot retracted. You the front foot to the to of Top Normal English Turning and Projecting and the first or the Projection the front foot) Foot
Notations Used This Indicates where information topic found. Click the to that Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. Click the or to the the section of the "Appendices". The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. PROCEDURE or appears the text of this to items which or optional to the Indicates the of the the or the Indicates items. "Image"-"Brightness"
foot to You easily height with hand. You of "Presentations", and the tone choosing the surroundings. finished the Once hear the the and off sounds sounds when the turned the cooling the The function the the the Also, with the instant-off function the immediately The built-in 5W classroom or containing about people without to 5W (EMP-82/62 only) Source search allows to easily choose the to the "Source Search" the connected and projected. ease of classified and to their and to and the Also, the The EMP-82/62 four input allowing to input both and the switches when the interface (EMP-82/62 only) Projection Troubleshooting
You to the of the with the of buttons This or when using the and the
and Functions Security the this cover when the Remote light-receiving from the the immediately or while the becomes the from becoming or when the to Foot foot the foot to and the front foot. and to the when the such as shelf.
and Functions If or displayed, Automatically RGB from and RGB to the and the selection. and the the or off. the function. the or while [Source Search] flashing or shows The of the whether they the of this and or displayed, selects items and Press to the sound If and the which shows If or displayed, selects items and Press to the EMP-82/62 using the EMP-X3 following and the input from the connected The input searched the projected. Computer2 Computer1
and Functions Rear (EMP-X3) Connects the to the USB when using the wireless the USB to the function. USB other the from to from other to the from other RGB from and RGB and Remote light-receiving from the the RGB or RGB to from the that connected to the This connecting or of that the input to from connected the other, or selector. Rear foot to the
Computer2 Computer1 and Functions Rear (EMP-82/62) to the from other This to input from the that connected to the or to the from other RGB from and RGB from other and This to input connected to the Computer2 from the that RGB from and RGB from other and This to input connected to the Computer1 from the that from the light-receiving to the USB RS-232C the computer's RGB Computer1 This from the that connected to the or RGB to Rear foot the USB to the the to the USB the when the wireless function. the to using RS-232C This and should normally used. This outputs the from the currently- selected input to
and Functions this when the cover attaching from foot Foot This and other from the when It should cleaned and Clean the fixing the optional mount when the from
The following the shown the of the EMP-82/62 the or of that appear. If the and Functions Remote Remote light-emitting buttons buttons [A/V buttons [Computer1] (EMP-82/62 only) [Computer2] (EMP-82/62 only) [Computer] (EMP-X3 only) buttons [Search]
and the This chapter to the of the the the selection and and to the the (Source Search)................................................... Projected (Source Search)...................................... Directly from the Remote Automatically Incoming and the the Projected the Quality and RGB the the Tracking Selecting the Quality
or RGB and this to If appear the the Tracking manually the following the Tracking Computer and RGB the Quality this operation, to the from the and then PROCEDURE If the to the the to the this the the or while or RGB RGB from connected and these that the of the following three items: obtained. Tracking and (synchronisation) the and the operations they the the of the the the the the If the the or these functions and then the other functions such as or commands to the tracking the correctly the type of or RGB the the while input. such the and manually.
or RGB and this using to If or interference appear the (synchronisation) manually using the following the the tracking the from the the Quality this operation, to the Select from the and then PROCEDURE the the the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the The increases or each pressed. C Press the to the The when tracking this
the characteristics of the that projected. You easily the selecting the that The following to the The brightness of the which selected. Selecting the Quality the synchronization the from the the Quality The and brought and RGB input) such as bright Application the the Theatre or The and brought to life. TV and bright input) Sports bright that to the bright The increases or each pressed. C Press the to the tint, when board), this Blackboard noticeable with of If the without the tracking incorrect tracking clearly, brightness, sharpness, and first, to the and when the Incorrect tracking with of and to correction the tracking first.
the Quality Remote PROCEDURE The appears the top-right of the each the to the the While the Each the the the the following The the command the
The of the built-in as follows. the PROCEDURE the the The appears the when the the increases, the the to the and when it to the that the If the the the when the The using the reached.
The following when only the input, or when input. You choose the input from this connected, playback. the Projected (Source Search) Automatically Incoming and The input from the connected and projected. the (Source Search) Directly from the the EMP-X3 the the Remote the EMP-X3 the Source Search. PROCEDURE You the to directly to the input from the to the or of connected, the The searched displayed, and then [Source Search] the the to the from the to the from the
Functions Security Preventing theft Protect) Function...................................... Protect Enabled............................................26 Protect............................................................27 This chapter functions and and the security Functions Enhancing Projection................. the and Sound (A/V (Wireless the the Aspect Ratio the of the the Remote to the
The to when the You operations such as without the Functions Enhancing Projection and the what this to the and to such as selecting the and Sound (A/V PROCEDURE Pressing the clears to from the where though the the the to and The function while the displays and function used. Sound You turn this function or off the Remote PROCEDURE played back the and to the or the and sound to The A/V chosen from where the A/V function activated. If this function when "A/V the You this function or off the [A/V
This allows to the and to the about. the This function the aspect ratio of from to when which recorded or or the Aspect Ratio Functions the PROCEDURE Remote PROCEDURE the the appears or The whenever the You this using the the
This when to such as and of the the Functions Enhancing Projection Remote PROCEDURE to the of the to You the the of three
this USB A-B the wireless to If the USB of and the USB the back of *USB included with the EMP-82/62. the the Remote to the the to the of the that to or reduced. Functions Enhancing Remote Edition/XP Professional (OS Remote C To USB USB To USB You reduce the the To the the The selected to The ratio appear the You the the
Once the the operated as follows. earlier of It to the function Edition/XP Professional that from of of Edition/XP Professional If the the function to used. the which the The USB connected to with USB interface. If to of both the and the further operating guaranteed. clicks Moving the Functions Enhancing Projection Right Double-click: Press This the or slideshow. and To previous To Release the to the the location. and and the
The wireless function while the the of the buttons If the to the While displayed While the function While While following used. While sound reversed. function Functions Enhancing Projection
the the displayed the If the connected to the outlet and the displayed when the turned the first without the appearing. The On to "On" and using or to the and then reconnected. If Direct when first the turned the supply restored. the correctly. the Protect function activated, people who know the to the to the This effective theft. At the of Furthermore, the that the background of the purchase, the protection function Preventing theft Protect) Security functions If to the of the the "The section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If to the operation and input the thirty the following back to If this the from "The locked. the and then the switch to the "International Warranty Conditions" the outlet and then and the that appears the locked." displayed Instructions/World Warranty Terms displayed and the If incorrect three the displayed, the and the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Terms the turned the first the to or when Direct On the following displayed. On Protect" (On) Protect Pressed to the If the correctly, While holding the the buttons buttons
the following to Protect. Protect each the and from the of the displayed each the The of to the If the when turned the of that the The when the the from the when the If to the to "On" and the displayed. closed. Security functions the approximately The Protect" displayed. seconds. Remote PROCEDURE If Protect already the If the correctly, the Protect Protect" displayed. displayed. the Background" or the "A/V from to the ("On" or or or from or to operations, and the To the Protect" to first. If to of the following Protect" (On) If Protect to "On", the accessory Protect to the as theft-prevention Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn On Protect" Press the
displayed. If the incorrectly, the should displayed prompting to the The the displayed, the shown displayed To and then the this to If While holding the the as Once four buttons to The and then the The The "The the the the displayed. buttons to the within the of If the the While holding the the finished using the Protect" Select and then the the countdown the to hours and then the and then the "On", and then the If this to and the C Turn Press the button. Security functions Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Turn Protect" Press the
If to "On", of the buttons the the operated. to "On". This function such as that deactivating operation, or such as to the of buttons that operated. This function the buttons the Function Security the the this operation, to the From the PROCEDURE the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the
The with the C the displayed, selected Security functions the to about seconds, and the the continuously There to the the lock.
This chapter to the and its the of "Info"
the C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the the Top Select the to
The items that the input that currently projected. each of Computer/RGB Screen from EMP-X3 Screen from EMP-X3 Function Select the of the to surroundings. the light and the the brightness. Brightness You the of You tints from to K. (EMP-82/62 only) (This item selected selected as the the the red, and of the the of the the of the Red: the of the You the of If "High", appear bluish, and appear (This item selected selected as the the only when or NTSC input.) the tint. the the the sharpness. Sharpness (EMP-X3 only) the to their If would to items to their
The items that the input that currently each of Functions Computer/RGB Selects whether the function when the input turned "On" or Function when appear the Tracking from EMP-X3 from EMP-X3 IP each field the This when with amount of On: Interlaced This using when only when or input.) If the appear correctly when the the connected manually. Selects the input with the that connected to the Computer If to the input with the when or interference appear the the vertically and (EMP- X3 only) If the appear correctly when the the connected manually. Selects the input with the that connected to the Computer1 If to the input with the connected If the appear correctly when the the connected manually. Selects the input with the that to the Computer2 If to the input with the connected (EMP- Computer1 only) (EMP- Computer2 only)
With the function, automatically. If interference appears the or appear when when input.) the manually. the Function of Functions the to their "Computer1 and "Computer2 If would to items to their the aspect ratio
of Functions Screen from EMP-82/62 from EMP-X3 the function the and correcting "On" or when the vertically. This function when the "Projection" the to If it to something other than this selected. to "On", the operation of buttons the the Function Corrects (EMP-82/62 only) selected, the of the reduced, the amount of electricity and reduced, and the operating the reduced. about life: Select the too bright such as when or This the brightness to of about about reduction) The of the selected. the Brightness Shape If would to items to their the to their
of Functions whether the input or or the ("On") or such The (the when the displayed when (On)/ or displayed when The as when the input or or when input. the to or when input. You choose the A/V from and turning the supply off and then back This related to the Background: A/V Function from EMP-82/62 from EMP-X3 holding the [A/V about seconds, the the following "Rear" "Rear Rear Rear the that as background and displayed A/V the the Projection
to "On" and the connected to of that of electricity that when whether ("On") or when operations while back the to automatically. whether ("On") or of about to "On". input. High Direct On: Function of Functions To the EMP 21L, turn the off and the cool finished. whether the EMP 21L software or (EMP-X3 21L only) to "Network On", the and then the and to "Network On" to and and the function while the If the the the turned off. softwares* and the This to "RS-232C" or "USB", the that with If the the the off. (EMP-82/62 only) (EMP-82/62 COM only) EMP Allows to the and them once functions such as turning the and off and switching input and "Operation" the "High to their If would to items to their To the EMP and The followings products. of the UDS100 RS-232C (straight, the UDS200 RS-232C the products, UDS100, UDS200 (LANTRONIX) the displays. the and information about the software, please the following
the of the and the of the only) of "Info" Computer/RGB If reaches the the characters displayed The operating from to hours displayed as "0H". From "10H" onwards, the of hour. the operating Function appear when the input or the input the input which currently projected. Source Information from this when service from or from the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms appear when the input or Info appear when the input or the input appear when the input or the refresh (Not RGB or the Refresh Rate
of Functions Function The "Computer1 "Computer2 and to their items to their Clear the operating and to "0H". this when the
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the the Reading the Indicators........................................................44 lights red.......................................................... or flashes relating to when Other
Select to the It of If with the the function on-screen and the the the the the the PROCEDURE C Confirm the selection. the the
the operations and to through the to items. the Press the to the If the function to the to
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up seconds. the flashing. You the from the outlet when the light this Projection when the pressed. Warm-up The with the following three which the operating of the Indicates the operating of the Reading the If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to that they Indicates the internal Indicates the off flashing lights Stop the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms or using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty related
off flashing about the switch to the following that the and clear, and that the The off and about the to the back If the or them. or High (overheating) If this the and the to overheat or the to when the using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the Then or the the "International If the back and then the If the If this the using the and the from Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms with If the it with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) the and cover off flashing or flashes of about the "High to "On". that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch or Warning that the and clear and that they (This abnormality, the too high If the clogged, or them. such as automatically.) High
off flashing or the with If to the the the that the increase. the with as as The the the If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the following
If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard or the sound when Other the completely the completely and The "Not Supported." appear relating to The such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appear The or or of Only of the displayed. The whole appears purplish or greenish, reproduction performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear and right appear Nothing appears the
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to the A/V active? of the that supply Press the to the the pressed? the correctly? If or connected to the the to the input such as completely the completely when the correct? when from operations about while input. The this Press the to the If to used, the to "Operation" the command to "On", the off to "On"?
If or connected to the the command to the The Supported." displayed the correct? to the with the and of the from the of Supported Displays" the match the and of the when when from Press the [Computer], or the or the [Source Search] the or the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned the input selected? The displayed to the to as as the If the while the already turned the function that switches the If the to the LCD or to the accessory when the externally, they appear the LCD to Turn the the and the title such as or "Connecting off and then back or accessory the to the when from or with built-in LCD
Turn the the to the the correctly? or of to appear the the hour to used. If If the from to or the of the and this the the the off and the to the The recommended EMP-62 from to EMP-82/ X3, the from to the the Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the cover. the cover attached? the too If or to the the to the Interference or appear the correct? when from If used, interference the the accessory and this used? the selected? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" that of the securely connected. the correctly? when Press the the or the the to If the correctly the the and and RGB the and Tracking correctly?
Press the the or the Aspect ratio correctly? If the correctly the function, the If other than RGB from or RGB input, the or the the to If RGB from or RGB projected, the the manually the command. manually the command. Press the the to the function. the correctly? the the function? If activated the of the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the the selected? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" when when the
If or connected to the the to the the input match the from the connected right the to the the correctly? the "Brightness" to the brightness. "Brightness" the "Contrast" to the "Contrast" that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the brightness correctly? the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. Saturation", "Tint" the and correctly? when from appear the nearly the become and the become this the should with the the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the and "Brightness" "Brightness the to the the brightness and correctly? the correctly?
The only that those from the You to projected? (EMP-X3 from other than the only) Nothing appears the The that displayed those from the Computer1 You to Computer1 (EMP- from other than the only) when If this the using the the from There the or the the the outlet and the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms The connected correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. of the switched off? Alternatively, the to supplied. Press the button to the the the off and when the touched? sound heard or the sound Other Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. A/V active? the that sound heard. that the connected to the the connected correctly? the to the
The operating the and the the light-receiving vertically. the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? The the location where strong light the light-receiving while that they the around. The operating the the too from the sunlight or light from light-receiving the the or the correctly? If of the buttons the than seconds, the The of this to the from to something top of the the released, operation than seconds?
Optional and Optional Accessories..................................................................67 This chapter information procedures to the of performance from the the Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the batteries............................................................... the the the of ESC/VP21 Commands............................. Command USB (EMP-82/62 only)..........................................71 USB of Supported Computer/RGB Specifications...................................................... Connecting to Connecting to the EMP-82/62)....................................................................66 Connecting to (when Appearance.......................................................... EMP-X3............................................................................... EMP-82/62........................................................................... Index.....................................................................
The the following four allowing to choose the the the the this its to SafetyInstructions/World-Wide Warranty projection,otherwise malfunctions Terms first. (Rear/Ceiling projection) of the from Please would to this The optional mount when the Rear (Rear the "Projection" the to match the or
If collects the or the it the internal of the to and this to with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the and shortening of the service life. Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning the Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. You should the becomes or the of to cloth to the Then containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with with cloth. Cleaning the reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with If the or the warning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the to and the coating such as or thinner to the These off. Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
the of the and the to that the the the This section to the batteries, the and the If the of the or becoming the AAA- that the to when required. the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the Press the clicks C the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover. the cover PROCEDURE Catch
The to appear the following of to the brightness and of the "Brightness It to the when: continuously high brightness: of the becomes with as as appears. You should ready the used, the become continuously brightness: the characteristics of the and If to the this the the appears, the or the hours hours The the appears the screen when displayed. Flashing the flashing the cooled sufficiently the cover. To the enough to cool turning off the about should that If the If the of which the and when that the the cover. the The or to
the fixing screws with the screwdriver that with the (or head C the fixing screws. screwdriver). the off the and the PROCEDURE the cooled then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver that Then the cover straight and to with the (or head cover from the of the screwdriver). If the with or the as shown the below and further If the yourself, to of and of the the
the that the fits correctly and once the screws. the the and the cover fixing screws. the cover. the off as or recycling. the securely. If the cover This includes that the the or the mercury Please and cover correctly. the
from the and then this operation, to the Therefore, the counter to the operating the operating reaches The built-in counter which of the the warning to displayed. with You this the the the the the and the operations they the the of the replaced, otherwise the the operating the indicated correctly. the and the PROCEDURE C appears, The operating then
the covers from the and them C the they The the If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. the the turn off the and the the of the and the to PROCEDURE of properly with Polycarbonate, ABS Polyurethane regulations. Recess
Select from the and this operation, to the then recorded, the previous You the that currently as which the or the and the operations they the the of the the to as the and then the PROCEDURE recorded. To Protect" to "On", displayed and the If the Protect" function of Protect" to first. the the the function currently If correction, and when the selected.
to or the the the the with that from the projected, the of the projected, or their C "Choose this as the appears, this appears, Select the from the displayed. the to The to recorded and selection the of the to The then Once the this displayed, the "Completed." displayed. which connected to the while the the (about otherwise Once the seconds). the or other to the factory operation. the the
with You with built-in amplifiers to the with that match the the to of sound. or Connecting to (when the Connecting to EMP-82/62) input to the Computer/Computer1 that the such as when RGB and RGB from that If the from that connected to the Computer2 these to the the that with the the they the Connecting to To the sound from the the sound to built-in this To and and to The correction and the to the To with
The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without country of purchase. Optional and Optional as ELPAF08 as ELPLP34 screen which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 this to the hand. Soft carrying ELPKS16 roll-type Aspect ratio ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 of these the with the VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 too This the as the with the VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 when the high or with ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 ELPFC03 to ELPKC19 when the mount ELPMB18 from Please would to of to the this
The following of of the this which or which the text of this Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio which the brightness and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM The of that light. If the high, the bluish If the lower, the which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or reception and (or aspect ratio of HDTV sound Normal which which to this rear and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The of the light and of increased or to text and from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which alternately. Interlaced of whereby the from from top to to The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and expressed Refresh Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV
consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Security lock this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as which the and to quality. It to which of and C international that that which easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to type of with of which IBM computers. SVGA (the of the If tracking correctly, The from and RGB If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these appear the Tracking type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA The from and RGB If the match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as and interference (synchronisation) Universal USB interface to peripheral which relatively USB type of with of which IBM computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA
USB to the the the command, and the If terminates with the and the to the turned and then the to of ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Connector USB (type B) (type B) Command Item PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF SOURCE 1F SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF MSEL Black selection Computer2 SOURCE 2F SOURCE 1F SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE Command Computer1 MSEL MSEL Item A/V Selection selection of the commands, (CR) to the
to the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following USB Connector (EMP-82/62 only) of ESC/VP21 Commands Download the USB (USB-COM from the EPSON to The URL as follows. PROCEDURE <At (RS-232C) input <At Select "USB" "COM the to "On" the EMP-82/62> C EMP-X3> the instructions the the downloaded USB Once the turned back Turn off this the USB then Turn the off. ready DTR DTR DSR ground GND GND GND ready DSR DSR DTR Function <At (PC <At TD TD RD RD RD TD the If the the
EMP-62 EMP-X3/82 of Supported Computer/RGB Aspect ratio SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Refresh EMP-62 EMP- X3/82 VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA Refresh HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) EMP-62 EMP-X3/82 Refresh SXGA SXGA SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" UXGA Aspect ratio TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Aspect ratio Aspect Aspect ratio the VGA MAC21" SDTV HDTV The of the supported.
TM DNX ICs this (W) (H) (D) including and EMP-62 EMP-82 EMP-X3 Product inches Specifications of (W) SVGA (H) UHE W, ELPLP34 (light 5W 1W TFT active (W) (H) XGA If when than and 240W(100 to 5.0W(100 to 100-240VAC 2.9-1.2A supply +60C +35C RCA DIN RCA Computer/ Connectors The USB to The USB interface with the USB correctly with RS-232C Black USB (B USB* RCA RCA
FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class USA EMC Specifications IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 EN55022 Class The EMC Directive Community (89/336/EEC) EN55024 The Directive IEC60950 Edition CSA C22.2 UL60950 Edition Community (73/23/EEC) USA AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New
interference to and reception, which the from that to which Class to of the FCC These with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the to to This tested and found to comply with the interference installation. This or reception. there that interference and and, and installation. If this the or technician to reasonable protection Increase the the and receiver. the interference or of the following FCC United States or the the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS: Located the FCC or Declaration of this the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and and interference which the established connected to interfaces. or the the authority to than interface The of non-shielded interface to this shielded interface with this If this WARNING the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. :EPSON :EMP-82/62/X3 of Product
3-M4 Appearance EMP-X3 of Units: from of to fixing
3-M4 EMP-82/62 Appearance of Units: from of to fixing