the the while to the accompanying the and Projection the Reference Reference The of the basically the from the to the The and the The should as the WARNING "Selecting the Quality Selection)" "A/V "Troubleshooting" Troubleshooting The following of selected Blackboard Theatre the selection Playback of and sound momentarily and then each the pressed. A/V Reference English-01-04 Functions EMP-81/61 EMP-821 ("W" to "T" to The cleared when pressed. The then displayed. Press the to the selection of the selection. If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. These to with operation. The following what the and to that they to the further Problem/Warning the or and the to Select the item to Checking the the function Press or [Computer2/Component To [Computer1/Component of about the and the "Connecting to Computer" Turn off the both the and the them. of to of from Connecting to Flashing about Then to The off automatically and the back If the the and If the with or further Stop using the and service. the and service. Something with the or the High (overheating) and Normal Flashing The should this Projection when when finishes, Warm-up input. and The with the match the computers. such to purchase (accessory) To If to the the that the with as as the increase. that the and clear, and that the internal too high. too high automatically. High-speed cooling If the repairs, or the the "International Warranty section the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms It to the The to lights about Cool-down seconds. 405128100E Printed 04.XX-.XA(G04)
the while the foot that the front foot To the front foot, the While the foot the front of the to and the the Screen to reduce the Turn the to the Turn to the "W" to increase the and to the "T" Foot "Connecting to Source" (yellow) Turn off the both the and the connecting them. that To the with the the white white with to yellow Connecting to Source (commercially-available) A/V Reference English-02-03 yellow To foot to further to the of correction function as as the the to correction, the appear the this corrected the of within of If would the Turn the to the to A/V to the input to To sound through the built-in the with the the connected connecting to with to the to the Computer/Component the If connecting (such as DVD the optional of the "Turning On the (commercially-available) Preparation To To "Turning the and The following and RGB Other the satisfactory, manually the (only when or RGB projected) that the projected. If the of Press the or the to the You the functions to such as brightness, the input and If projected, the input Remote the and sounds and the then sound to that the The Protect the to each as as the the "Operation" "Direct "Preventing theft The and Press to the ON" item to "ON", If this the the then Protect)" the the the earthed The light Turn the the input to playback. the cover. to light the cool-down sound, and the Turning the Turn off the connected to the progress/about seconds). Press to off the The (cool-down appears, follow the instructions the If prompting to or the the flashing disconnected while the If connecting to with built-in "Turning On the and using the buttons or or to the or to the
the and to the "T" Turn the to the Turn to the "W" to increase to reduce the the the and to While the foot the front of the To the front foot, the that the front foot while the foot the Foot "Connecting to Source" Turn off the both the and the them. that To the with the using the white white with connecting to Connecting to Source A/V Reference English-02-03 To Turn the to the the of within of If appear the this corrected using the correction, the the to correction function as as the to further to the of foot to A/V to the input to To sound through the built-in the with the the connected to with to the to the Computer/Component the If connecting (such as DVD the optional rear of the "Turning On the Preparation To To the input and You the to such as brightness, Press the or the to the that the projected. If the of (only when or RGB projected) satisfactory, manually using the Other the and RGB The following and "Turning the If projected, the input the and sounds and the then sound to that the The Protect the as as the to displayed each "Preventing theft the "Operation" "Direct The and Press to the ON" item to "ON", If this the the turned then Protect)" the the the earthed The light Turn the the input to playback. the cover. disconnected while the flashing the If prompting to clean or the appears, follow the instructions the The flash (cool-down Press to off the progress/about seconds). Turning the Turn off the connected to the sound, and the the cool-down to light If connecting to with built-in "Turning On the and the or or to the or to the
WARNING The should as the The and the The of the basically the from the to the Reference Reference the and Projection using the to the accompanying the while the turned "Selecting the Quality Selection)" "A/V "Troubleshooting" Troubleshooting The following of selected Blackboard Theatre the selection Playback of and sound and then each the pressed. A/V Reference English-01-04 Functions to ("W" to "T" EMP-821 EMP-81/61 The cleared when pressed. The then displayed. Press the to the selection of the selection. If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. These to with operation. The following what the and to that they to the further Problem/Warning and the to the or Select the item to Checking the the function Press Connecting to from of to of Turn off the both the and the them. "Connecting to Computer" about the and the of To [Computer1/Component or [Computer2/Component Flashing about Then to The turn off and the back If the the and If the with or further Stop using the and service. Stop the and service. Something with the or the High (overheating) and Normal Flashing The should disconnected this Projection when when finishes, input. Warm-up and (accessory) To computers. such to purchase The with the match the If to the the that the with as as the increase. that the and clear, and that the internal too high. too high automatically. High-speed cooling If the repairs, or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms It to the The to lights about Cool-down seconds. 405128100E 04.XX-.XA(G04) Printed