About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following three The cover the following topics. (this This information the basic operation, the troubleshooting and Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes World-Wide Warranty and Troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the Reference of the commonly-used functions easy reference. You should this Reference the and to and while the to of operation. Notations this information Indicates which or Indicates information and which to topic. Procedure of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of to the the (P.101) Indicates operating and the of operations. The indicated should the of the numbers.
the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. (with cover attached cord) At the of purchase, there attached to the foot. this using the the to outlet PS/2 to with PS/2 to the wireless function World-Wide Warranty Terms (this Reference AA D-SUB the to USB to with USB the (A/V) (red/white/yellow connecting the to
of the and correction function the easily corrected, vertically also. This allows which from to correctly. (P. function The selecting the from the following to the used. (P. Normal Theater to The accessory operations such as and of the to the around the to operations such as to the to projected. the Remote to the If the wireless function with USB the to the or when using Compact and lightweight The with footprint the of A4 (D) (W) (H) inches) and light weight
Functions Effect options such as indicating positioning and to effective (P. Function and VCR played back and sub-screen appearing the from VCR, thereby increasing the of (P. Brilliant, Attractive its the high with high of beautifully clear bright C
the This chapter the the and Functions the Remote the Battery and the and Remote Notes the Remote the Screen and Connecting to Computers from the Computer.............................................. If the If the RGB If the 5BNC If the Sound from the the Remote to the Connecting to Connecting to Source Projecting RGB Connecting to
and Functions (P.41) the (P.46) the cover (P.94) this cover when the the cover switch (P.94) this switch to the cover when Security (P.102) Remote (P.14) from the foot (P.42) and to the cover when the to the from becoming or (P.80) Indicates the internal (P.80) Indicates with the or that the to replaced. Operation (P.80) Flashes or lights to the operating of the (P.9) this when and the Foot (P.42) Press this while the to to the foot or to
(P.37) the and off. [Computer/YCbCr] (P.38) Switches the input the and the each the pressed. (P.75) or the (P.44) Press this the If and the while pressing this the synchronization of (P.47) This function Press and this while to the function that the or Tracking). [A/V (P.52) off the and Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking A/V (P.78) the to (P.38) Switches the input the and the each the pressed. (P.75) the function. Pressing while or the displays the or (P.44) Press this the If and the while this the of (P.46) Automatically the to the or displayed, this as item selected, this to to the (P.41, the of the (P.49) the
and Functions Rear (P.34) the input to the If connected the sound from the built-in (RS-232C) (P.104) the to RS-232C (P.25) the to the accessory PS/2 when using the as wireless USB (P.24, the to or USB the USB Remote (P.14) from the (P.36) the cord. Rear foot (P.42) and to the At the of purchase, there attached to the foot. this the Remote (P.100) optional to the (P.30) to the from other (P.28) the from to This input to the or from other (P.20) from and from other (P.24) using (P.24) the accessory A/V this (P.29) to the from other the accessory A/V this (P.21) RGB from
foot (P.92, and other from the the the also. fixing (P.16) the optional mount when the from the Rear foot
and Functions Remote Lights when (P.54) the or the [A/V (P.52) off the and (P.56) or reduces the of the without the of the Effect (P.58) functions assigned to these as follows. Spotlight (P.27) Acts as left-click when the as wireless (P.78) (P.75) the or the (P.46) Automatically the to the [P P] (P.60) Activates the (P P) function. (P.49) the Remote (P.14) (P.63) Selects of the that A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source (P.37) Turns the and off. (P.26) the connected to the accessory USB these function the as the the USB R/C switch (P.14) Turns the and off. (P.27, Press the of the to the the of the pressed. displayed, the the selection and displays the or [Right]/[Esc] (P.27, the function. the previous or while or the Acts as right-click when using the as wireless [Source] (P.38) [Comp1]: Switches to the input from the [Comp2/YCbCr]: Switches to the input from the Switches to the input from the Switches to the input from the (P.41, the of the
the Remote the The the the of purchase, and to them the used. Procedure the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover to the batteries. the of the correct. the cover. Press the clicks Battery and If the becomes or the If this the with fresh ones. to about months the each The the amount of and the the following type of as AA Catch
the Remote the and the Remote The the following Procedure the R/C switch the to the ON the of the receivers the and the buttons. allow or light from to directly the receivers, otherwise with the reception of from the the R/C switch the to the OFF when using the Leaving the R/C switch the within the indicated below. If the or the and the the operating the Remote (front) Approx. vertically A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source Preset Remote (back) A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source
vertically from the If to the from the operating the optional receiver. Optional Accessories (P.100) Notes the Remote that the following to malfunctions or to the the or to shocks. allow the to become If become immediately with cloth. the the of The they the using the the the that the A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source Remote A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source Preset
the The the following four allowing to choose the the to first the Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty Terms information the that this of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this
Rear of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this
and Projection The the and the the Recommended inches While to the below, the that the than the (inches (inches The the should as the The The allows ratio of to about The the about than the the The reduced when correction inches to of about inches the and the inches inches
Connecting to the to to the following. Turn off the both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If try to force to with or of to the or Computers The connected to of or of that the to the below. Condition The that the such as RGB or which If to this, to the heading such as "Connecting or If the built-in or or to the to the or alternatively to purchase to the further Condition The and of the the of Supported Displays". The and of the from the to the of Supported the (P.105), otherwise the projected. the the the and of the and the allow to the necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays". of Displays(P.105)
Connecting to from the The and of the which and what type of should used. the following to which type of has. If the the accessory to the the of the to the of the If with RGB to the the optional DVI to the of the to the the of the Optional Accessories (P.100) to the If than to the the Comp2/ or Comp1 the to the (P.69) the and the together, otherwise interference or operation You to purchase to the to the the of the to the the The optional to the to Optional Accessories (P.100) If the and too from each other the accessory to reach, or If would to UXGA the optional Optional Accessories (P.100) To (accessory) To Computer2/
If the RGB If the DVI or DFP or output optional to the of the to the the rear of the The type of the specifications the Optional Accessories (P.100) To RGB To (optional) You to the when switching the to RGB. to the the If connecting with output to the the the with the output to the of the If than connected to the the Comp1 the to the (P.69)
Connecting to If the 5BNC the optional to the the rear of the to the of the Optional Accessories (P.100) If than connected to the the Comp2/ the to the (P.69) the and the together, otherwise interference or operation To (optional) To
If the workstation-type commercially-available to the the of the to the of the If than connected to the the Comp2/ the to the (P.69) the and the together, otherwise interference or workstations the workstation further To To (commercially-available)
Connecting to Sound from the The built-in with of 5W. You this built-in to the from of the following three the of the and the type of the accessory A/V (white/red) to the to the (RCA the of the A/V (white/red) (accessory) To To (White/Red) using commercially-available to the to the the of the It recommended that with To To which of USB using the accessory USB to the USB to the USB the of the USB (accessory) To USB To USB
the the the to or USB which input (P.67) You to the to the (P.34) The USB connected to with USB interface. If which the of If the of that from earlier of guaranteed. If using the OS9.0 It to the USB function of both the and operating If USB to sound from the to the to the section of the with the Remote to the You the as wireless to the the To this, to the of the to the or the USB the rear of the PS/2 PS/2 (supplied) USB USB (supplied) (OS8.6 of PS/2 Turn off the both the and the them. If the the of operation or To PS/2 Applicable USB USB (supplied) PS/2 (accessory) To
Connecting to of USB To USB If USB the and buttons the These buttons to back and forth through when The USB to with USB interface. If which the of If the of that from earlier of guaranteed. If using the OS8.6 It to the function of both the and operating to the function to used. the the further PS/2 and USB USB To USB (accessory)
Once the the operated as follows. the Press the of the to the the of the pressed. The of A/V Comp1 If the the the of the buttons reversed. The wireless function when of the following used. sub-screen to off) of SXGA and Comp2/YCbCr Source Preset Right Press the button. Press the A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source Preset A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source Preset
Connecting to Connecting to the they projected the the with the to the to the the rear of the The optional to the to Optional Accessories (P.100) RGB that input to the to to To with
Connecting to Source connecting the to other the following Turn off the both the and the them. If the the of the of the and the the If try to force to with or of malfunction or to the or Projecting the accessory A/V (red/white/yellow) to the to the and the rear of the If the of the commercially-available to the to the the rear of the the A/V To (white) To (red) the To the the the to or USB which input The To (yellow) To To To (yellow) A/V (accessory) To (yellow) A/V (accessory) To (white/red)
Connecting to Source Projecting commercially-available to the to the the of the If would the sound to of the built-in the accessory A/V (red/white) to the to the the of the Alternatively, commercially-available to the to the the of the the of the and the type of the A/V To (white) To (red) the To the the the to or USB which input The To (commercially-available) To To (commercially-available) To A/V (white/red) (accessory) To To (white/red)
the optional to the to the the of the Optional Accessories (P.100) If would the sound to of the built-in the accessory A/V (red/white) to the to the the of the Alternatively, commercially-available to the to the the of the the of the output and the type of the using A/V To (white) To (red) the To If than connected to the the Comp2/ the to or the type of input. (P.69) HDTV (750P or selected of the the the the to or USB which input To (optional) To (optional) (commercially-available) To A/V (white/red) (accessory) To To (white/red) To
Connecting to Source RGB RGB when RGB that protection input and projected. the accessory to the to the the of the Alternatively, the optional DVI to the to the the of the Optional Accessories (P.100) If the sound to of the built-in the accessory A/V (red/white) to the to the the of the Alternatively, commercially-available to the to the the rear of the the of the and the type of the RCA the To (white) To (red) the the DVI-I To RGB To RGB (accessory) To (commercially-available) DVI (optional) To A/V (white/red) (accessory) To To To (white/red)
RGB with This SYNC the About the the Comp1 or Comp2 the to RGB H-SYNC and V-SYNC) to (P.69) This SYNC the About the the the to or USB which input The
Connecting to You the to with built-in to sound. commercially-available with inches or with that matches the the To If connected to the the sound externally and from the built-in To
Operations This chapter operations such as turning and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Cord................................................................ Turning On the and Turning the the the the Correcting Distortion.......................................................... the Quality.............................................46 Focusing the the the synchronization the
Turning On the Turn the to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms and the that noted the to Connecting the Cord Procedure that the off the and connected to the the or other to the (P.19, the cover. the top of the cover and to the cover. the accessory to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to grounded The lights The buttons operated while the operation flashing lights steadily.
Turning On the and Procedure Turn the to the the the to playback necessary. that the flashing and lights If the the R/C switch the to the ON Press the the or the to the the The flashes and the the appear. P.70) that the operation flashing and lights The buttons operated while the operation flashing lights steadily. lights Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking to Remote flashing and lights A/V
Turning On the If than connected, the or buttons to the which the that would to connected to, while to the following to of Remote Computer1 Computer2(Analog-RGB) Computer2(YCbCr) Computer2(YPbPr) Computer2/ [Comp2/YCbCr] If only connected, the from that without to of the buttons. If the the If or with LCD connected to the the straight the that the to The following of to to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or NEC IBM the that Mirroring active. If the of the become the You should the displayed [Computer/YCbCr] Computer1(Digital-RGB) [Comp1] Computer1(Analog-RGB) Comp1 Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking Remote Comp2/YCbCr Source
Turning the Follow the below to off the of the Procedure Turn off the the that to the that the connected off. Press the the or the The following appear. Press the once The off and the operation as the cool-down that the cool-down cool-down the lights The cool-down (This factors such as the The buttons operated while the operation flashing lights steadily. If to off the the If the automatically seconds. (The off this Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking to Remote flashing and lights A/V
Turning the the from the the from the outlet while the operation flashing If the while the flashing, operation and reduce the operating life. the R/C switch the to the OFF If the R/C switch the ON the to the R/C switch to the OFF when the the front foot Gently the while the foot the cover. the cover to the when using the to the from or Foot cover
the You the to the the The of the basically the from the to the (P.18) The following procedures to the once the The function of the (P.56) Procedure Turn the the to the The this to the If would to the further, the further from the (P.18) the to switch and The that they the whole of the of the Normal The the that they input. The and the the Turn to to reduce the Turn to to increase the A/V Source Preset
the the You the the The should as to the as from the from You or the front foot to the within of Procedure While the foot the front of the that the front foot the front foot the obtained, and then release the foot button. the foot the of the to become distorted. the correction function to this (P.44) To the front foot, the foot The front foot the If the turn the foot to the Foot
If the that to the the correction function which the following to the the of the within of approximately vertically or approximately from the The when the the (telephoto). The the increased the Furthermore, the both and horizontally, the than the the below to the to the right
the Screen Correcting Distortion to the that the to the of the such type of known as appear the If using the buttons the Correcting Correcting Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking
correction the become Procedure to follow both and correction: With the front foot retracted, the that the front foot to the as necessary. the both of the the the top and of the both The correction that the or of the to the correction To correction to the the following operations. To correction: While holding the the or To correction: While holding the [Tracking the [Tracking or If the become appearance correction the Sharpness (P.63) correction the (P.69) If both and correction, the correction become than would type of correction If the displayed the the when or correction that the or correction exceeded. that the which the If the Effects or the as or correction appear the these when the correction amount the It to the Effects or this such the that the amount of correction reduced. The correction the input.
the Quality The of the as follows. Focusing the Procedure Turn the to the Turn the of the the If the of the or as of to the correctly. If this clean or the (P.91) If the the of inches to the If the the This to the of the following three items: Tracking and Synchronization Procedure While from the the the or the The appear while the Source Tracking Tracking Remote Preset
The the while or displayed. To the the to first the or Alternatively, the the instead. If the to the function while the E- A/V or the functions If the button the pressed, the or function used. properly with of which computers. such to the and synchronization manually. the tracking If appear the and this You to the tracking manually the following Procedure While the the the [Tracking The tracking increase each the [Tracking pressed. [While holding the the the [Tracking The tracking each the [Tracking pressed. The when tracking this Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking
the Quality the synchronization If or interference appear that input from the and this using to the synchronization manually the following Procedure While holding the the the The synchronization increase each the pressed. While holding the the the The synchronization each the pressed. If the tracking first and then the synchronization, to the Incorrect noticeable with of However, with of and to incorrect tracking clearly, to the first. It to and the brightness, sharpness and correction Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking
the You the the sound from the or from the that connected to the Procedure Press the the or the the to the increases, and when the to the The appears the when the the sound to the from the A/V Remote Source
Advanced Operations This chapter functions the of and to the Functions of Function A/V Projection..................................................................................... Effects Canceling effects............................................................................................... (P P).................................................................................. the of Effect Advanced About the
Functions This section the that to of Functions The following functions A/V Momentarily both the and the P.52 sound. the P.54 Projection the aspect ratio from to to the of the P.56 to of or the specified of the Spotlights specified of the P.58 Effect the P.58 sub-screen containing of or Function of the below. A/V This function the and sound. when to of operations such as selecting while projected. this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where the function activated. Reference Function P.55 P.58 P.60
Procedure Press the [A/V the or the The and sound then Press the [A/V the or the to You the [A/V function the to the appearance when the and sound to of the following three (P.69) The the EPSON You the recording and (P.98) Black A/V Remote A/V
Functions This function only the The sound without Furthermore, the to played back the Procedure Press the the The then To the the or the Pressing the clears displays, functions and If the while using the function or of the displays A/V Remote
Projection This function the aspect ratio of from to when projected. which recorded or the of HDTV the of the the whole of the Procedure Press the the or the The each the pressed. SDTV HDTV the While holding the the the The as follows each the pressed. Top A/V Remote Preset
Functions This function and reduce of such as and Procedure Press the button the indicating the the to appear the the to the of the that to or reduced. the the to the the to the with the as its to the then reduced. The ratio appear the of the You around the the button. To the the A/V Remote ratio
The selected to of If sub-screen using the function, the function to both the and the sub-screen. functions while the function used. Furthermore, correction, tracking and the buttons. If the function while the correction the displayed and to such reduce the correction.
Functions Enhancing Projection Effects The and buttons the to to that This to of the Effect Spotlight of the spotlighted. Effect and top of the Procedure Press the or the to the type of The following or appears the of the Spotlight Select the type of or The the following each the pressed. The of the spotlight the following each the pressed. The type of the following each the pressed. You the Effect to the type of or and the and the spotlight. appears the and around the to appear the as A/V Remote
the the or to the or right to the item displayed around the The The spotlight vertically, and the to the where to stamped, and then the type of If while function, the and the function the The wireless function of the while function If function while the correction near the displayed and to the function. such reduce the correction. Canceling effects Press other than the or buttons. The function and the items which the
Functions Projection (P P) This function or the and or The the sub-screen selected the the (P.70) The function the refresh the to interlaced. The function when TV projected. Procedure the type of sub-screen using the and then the [P P] the The appear the top-right of the and the operation appear the of the the the to the of the sub-screen. Press the the to the of the sub-screen.
Press the the to the and the sub-screen. If the of the sub-screen, the sub-screen appear the which the function used. The function the that the function used. If the input the and the sub-screen already the the the to switch the sound the Effect Sub-screen If the function correction amount the appear the and to the function this such the that the amount of correction reduced. The of the to of The following the the and of the sub-screens to those of the when the of the the [P P] pressed, the sub-screen appears If the [P P] once the sub-screen
the Functions The to of and The hierarchical with that which further other to the (P.75) the of Functions The the while input. The which appear the the type of input the Functions which the input
Function only) the vertically and Press the and the using the which appears. Tracking only) when appear the only) when or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness or You the the tracking first and then the synchronization. Brightness the brightness. the light and the If selected, Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal bright where brightness emphasized. using their tints, with Theater tints. Produced with tints. only) Select or If selected, If selected, the from Preset only) the input to the Normal
the Functions Function the to their Press the to the and Select to to their (P.74) If to the the the Advanced to 6500K.
Function Position the vertically and Press the and the the which appears. Brightness the brightness. the light and the (Not the intensity the (Not the tint. only NTSC Sharpness the sharpness.
the Functions Function Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal bright where emphasized. their tints, with Theater tints. The white function operates to the when or light to the to Produced with tints. If to the the the Advanced to 6500K. the Press the and choose the from the selection which appears. to the automatically, PAL the to manually. Turns the Reduction function and off. Reduction to ON reduced. when or displayed, when to ON. The becomes effective from the where the or closed. the to their Press the to the and Select to to their (P.74) Theater ON
Function the input from or USB to match the the the the bass the to their Press the to the and Select to to their (P.74)
the Effect Function the three of which appear when the the from the types, and the Press the and choose the from the which appears. The and function the the (P.58) Spotlight the of the spotlight which appears when the the pressed. Press the and choose the from the Spotlight which appears. This selects the of the spotlight which appear each the pressed. The spotlight function the the (P.58) the and thickness of the which appears when the the pressed. Press the and choose the from the which appears. The function the the (P.58) Selects the L: M: H: the to their Press the to the and Select to to their (P.74)
Function Corrects correction the become If both and correction, first the correction and then the correction that The correction that the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the Sharpness If both and correction, the correction become than would only type of correction Corrects correction the becomes If using both and correction, first the correction and then the correction that The correction that the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the Sharpness If both and correction, the correction become than only type of correction
the Functions Function the input the sub-screen of the function to or The function the [P P] (P.60) the and background such as when input. To the to and (P.98) Prompt whether the the input ON displayed the or A/V the when the [A/V pressed. To the to and Comp1 the input. Comp2/ the Computer input. the when input. to ON and the to operations while the displayed. (The lights Projection when the pressed. the the to their Press the to the and to to their Black ON
Function Records (P.98) Press the and follow the appearing the EPSON
the Functions Advanced Function Advanced the displays. Press the and the from the selection that appears. whether the or To the to and the and of each RGB the the Press the and the the RGB: the each RGB (red/ the Press the (red), or the and the each You the while the the (This item selected selected as the the Rear when from to ON the reversed. when the to to ON the and vertically reversed. COM Switches (RS-232C) and USB RS-232C the Advanced functions to their Press the to the and Select to to their English ON OFF OFF
About The About shows the the The appears as 0H hours, that, appears of Function About the operating the reached, the characters appear red. the operating this selected, the operating to the Source the input which currently projected. the input the SYNC Polarity the synchronization polarity. SYNC the synchronization attributes. the input Refresh Rate the refresh 0H
the Functions Function About the operating the warning reached, the characters appear red. Function items to their Press the to the and Select to the the items each The and to their the operating this command selected, the operating to the Source the input which currently projected. the 0H
the The operated the or the Procedure Press the the or the The displayed. Select If the the or If the the top or of the Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of The selected then displayed. Select If the the or If the the top or of the The items appearing the and the About the type of input projected. Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking Remote Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source
the Functions If the the [Tracking or [Tracking If using the the or right of the items which another to when they selected them. If such items and the button, then the the which appears. to of the of each (P.62) Select other items the to to the other items. To to previous the the Press the
Appendices This chapter information troubleshooting and to the of performance the Troubleshooting the the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the Optional Accessories......................................................100 of ESC/VP21 Commands.........................................103 Command Communication USB of Supported Displays...............................105 Specifications Appearance......................................................................108
Troubleshooting This section to and what to found. the If with the the function on-screen displays to the It of and Procedure Press the the or the The displayed. Select If the the and buttons function as the and right If using the the top or of the Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of You the to to the previous Comp1 Computer/YCbCr Source Remote Tracking Tracking Remote Tracking Tracking Remote Comp2/YCbCr
the operations and to through the to items. If the function to the to (P.80) or the (P.83). You the the
Troubleshooting Trouble If with the first the The with the following three These to with operation. The following what the and to that they Reference and using the the from the and or the of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the with the that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the Stop the the from the and or the of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty flashing off P.94
Reference and operating This when the from the outlet the cool-down finished the the turned off. turning off the about the cooling the cooling the and then the back the to its previous the the or the to back If the operating or the when the back using the the from the and or the of the Instructions/World- Warranty High (overheating) The off and about without operating the the cooling Once the cooling the and then back If the overheats, the following the location ventilated? that the and outlet clear, and that the the with If the dirty, should cleaned. the back the to its the the or the to back If the to overheat the checked, or the when the turned back using the the from the and or the of the Instructions/World- Warranty P.18 P.92
Troubleshooting Reference and If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the previous or the of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Teams. High-speed cooling to replaced. abnormality) when the pressed. Warm-up abnormality) while. The flashing and light with abnormality) P.37 Cool-down abnormality) (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which well-ventilated, and that the and clear. Clean the ready. The service become than as of the and the should as as The appearance of the operation this the of the while. The cool-down cooling operation) about The the The the cool-down the flashing and light You then the P.18 P.92 P.94 P.37 P.37 P.39
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear (P.83, The (P.88) right sound heard (P.85, (P.89) of the displayed (Large/small) appear The off (P.87) (P.90) appear (Nothing appears) appear the cover attached? (P.36) the turned off and then straight back the turned off the cool-down finished. You then the (P.39) active? to ON the off operations while input. The lights this (P.70) the P.37 the correctly? Brightness P.63 A/V active? P.52 the completely input such as completely input? If the to OFF displayed. to Black or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. (P.70) of the P.74 (P.87) The (P.90)
Troubleshooting appear appear) "Not Supported" displayed. displayed. the which to the of the from the to the with the and of the from the (P.105) the input match the connected the Comp1 or Comp2/YCbCr the to the that matches the connected Comp1: Comp2: (P.70) the connected correctly? (P.19 the input selected? Press the [Computer/YCbCr] or the or the [Comp1], [Comp2/YCbCr], or the to the (P.38) the the or turned (P.37) If or with LCD connected to the to the to the rather than to the Normally to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or (P.38)
The of the of The whole of the correctly? (P.46) the front foot that the too If the too the of vertically. (P.42) the the The from the to the within inches the that the within this (P.18) the to the (P.42) the dirty? (P.91) the If the from to the and this the to appear If this off the and the to disappear. the synchronization tracking and correctly? Press the to these You the to the (P.46), (P.63) the correct? the the to the The to of that input. (P.66) the input match the connected the Comp1 or Comp2/YCbCr command the to the that matches the connected Comp1: Comp2: (P.70)
Troubleshooting interference the connected correctly? (P.19 P.33) the selected? the that the that with this to the with the (P.105) the synchronization tracking and correctly? Press the to these You the to the (P.46, used? If used, interference increase. the accessory or and this the correct? the the to the The to of that input. (P.66) the input match the the Comp1 or Comp2/YCbCr the to the that matches the connected Comp1: Comp2: (P.70)
of the of the appear The selected correctly. Press the (P.41, the correctly? the the to (P.63) the selected? the that the that with this to the with the (P.105) the the or with LCD the that the displayed the whole of the or the to only. (P.38) the If activated the of the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further the If the flashing that the the nearly the become and the should with (P.93) the brightness correctly? Brightness P.63 the correctly? P.63
Troubleshooting The right the correctly? Brightness (P.63) the connected correctly? (P.19 P.33) the correctly? (P.63) the correctly? (P.63) the and correctly? (The exactly match the the the or LCD this and the of (P.65) (P.65) the If the flashing that the the nearly the become and the should with (P.93) the input match the connected the Comp1 or Comp2/YCbCr the to the that matches the connected Comp1: Comp2: (P.70)
sound heard the correctly? (P.24) the input selected? the the to the input. (P.67) sound from the the the the to the (P.49) the A/V function turned The A/V Press the [A/V the or the to the A/V command. (P.52) sound to If connected to the sound from the built-in (P.34) the USB this the If using USB to output sound from the to USB the the the
Troubleshooting The The off the pressed) the R/C switch the to the ON (P.14) the pointed the right The operating the and approximately vertically. A/V the too from the The operating the approximately inches (P.14) Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Source Preset the pointed the when connected? sunlight or light from the receiver? there the (P.13) the the correctly? (P.13) If the function PS/2 to the The operation This that the when the turned off. The switch off when the from the Cooling the to off the the cool-down this the cooling and the flashes this, the to steady and then the from the The cool-down about The the
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should clean the becomes or the of to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of the cleaning. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the with or the to as easily become
Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the the to the and then to the from the If the to or it should replaced. with The should when the replaced.
This section to the and the It to the when: The appears the seconds when The flashes or lights red. The or to to the and of the the as as the warning appears. The warning to appear hours of to the and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The warning appears of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready the warning appears, the appear the ON. displayed. flashes or lights
the If the and to replaced, there the that the when If the of which to the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the cord. The cool-down about The the the cooled and then the cover. It the to the screwdriver that with the to the switch that the cover the section of the cover and then to from the the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the to the fixing screws that the to the
the the the the to and from the the the that the to the and then the clicks and the fixing screws. the cover. the the and then the other of the cover clicks the securely. If the cover the off as the the or the cover correctly. with The should when the replaced. of properly with regulations.
the The built-in counter which track of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. Therefore, the counter to the with You this using the Procedure Press the the or the The displayed. Select from the About and then the Select and then the The operating then the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. Computer/YCbCr Source Comp1 Source Tracking Tracking Remote Comp2/YCbCr
the Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the cord. The cool-down about The the the the and the to to the from the to the that the the top. the First the and then the clicks of properly with
You the that currently as Procedure the that to as and then the the or the Select the and then the If correction when the selected. Select the and then the The to recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to the the to the of the to as the and then the If the input or the selection only around the of the
Select the and then the Select the the and then the Select the and then the The then Once the the the completed." displayed. the (about seconds). the or other which connected to the while the otherwise operation. to If the XGA, or projected, the Once the to the factory
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without ELPKS26 Soft carrying ELPKS27 this to the hand. ELPLP15 as inch) ELPSC06 which easily. inch ELPSC07 inch ELPSC08 ELPAP01 to the to when the accessory or optional the ELPKC02 D- to the to when would to UXGA ELPKC09 D- ELPKC10 D- this the accessory too ELPKC11 to the to workstation. of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this ELPKC20 DVI-D DVI connecting the to with RGB interface. ELPKC21 DVI-D/DFP DFP the to with RGB interface. DVI ELPKC25 to the to with RGB to the ELPKC19 to Remote ELPST04 to the with the from mount ELPMB07 when the to plate ELPFC03 inches ELPFP04 inches ELPFP05 inches ELPFP06 when the to high or with ELPDC02 ELPDC03 when OHP and
Following of of the this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. 5BNC to input A/V The of and This [A/V which to the of and sound. The and sound the [A/V the or the once Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), it to which of three and and which the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC The of the and the which the The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of Cool-down The cooling the the to off the the off, the cooling operating, operations The of that this the "cool-down The cool-down about The the DFP to of DVI Interface. to of DVI which to household other than computers. It allows to transmitted higher than DFP, and includes function. The of playback only. the the pressed, the playback the playback HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of 720P or or (P scanning, scanning) Screen aspect ratio of reception and playback (or type of which actually consists of three (R-Y), (Y) and (B-Y). than which the red, and and the
Interlaced of whereby the that when with the broadcast. Refresh Rate The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and Remote Connects optional receiver. which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the High-Definition Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Source The showing the type of input. international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). Synchronization The from If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the If correctly, appear the USB Universal USB interface to peripheral which relatively UXGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). VGA type of with of which IBM (DOS/V computers). XGA type of with of which IBM (DOS/V computers). The which the TV (NTSC The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
of ESC/VP21 Commands Command ON to the the the the command ready the Furthermore, when command the The to whether the ready or If terminates with and then the ON PWR ON ON/OFF selection ON MUTE ON A/V ON/OFF A/V selection Communication Parity Stop Flow Xon/Xoff OFF PWR OFF Computer1 SOURCE Computer1 SOURCE Computer1 SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE Computer2/Component SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE OFF MUTE OFF Black MSEL MSEL MSEL Item Command
of ESC/VP21 Commands Connector input (RS-232C) <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND ground RD TD TD TD RD RD DTR DSR DSR ready DSR DTR DTR ready USB Connector USB (type B) <At <At <At <At
of Supported VGACGA VGAEGA VGA text UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" HDTV The EMP-600 with UXGA. The EMP-810/800 UXGA when the optional used. The accessory UXGA Optional Accessories (P.100) the VGA Refresh PC98 EGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ resized ON) OFF) EMP-810/800 EMP-600
Specifications Product EMP-810/800/600 (W) (H) (D) inches (W) (H) (D) including inches Polysilicon TFT active 12-phase writing EMP-810/800 XGA (W) (H) EMP-600 SVGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP15 (light 5W supply VAC, 3.1A VAC, 1.5A 41F 95F (+5C +35C) 14F 140F (-10C +60C) Connectors DVI-I The USB to correctly with USB- RCA DIN RCA (L, R) DIN USB: USB (A/B (RS-232C):
USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Edition Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) EN60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC/EN61000-3-2, IEC/EN61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
Appearance Units: inch