Information About EMP-7300/5300 Please the following information about EMP-7300/5300 Warning: the when the switched as the bright light children the when Warning: covers the the and covers. the as specifically directed this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the Information
EMP-7300/5300 UICK operation Source foot Function or Source Switches to or or the the graphic these buttons to that or or to items tions. right arrows(tracking-/ Matches the clock to graphic (tracking these to with or to tions. selection. Switches the and VGA, SVGA, and SXGA input). off the TART reciver front foot
EMP-7300/5300 Source Effects Custom Remote Connecting to Connecting to PC UICK Function or the Source Switches to or the to the or the as when the connected to the with with the EMP-7300/ Effects buttons to with the software. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other Clears the of and switches to or Switches the and VGA, SVGA and SXGA input). Custom to to the Effects using the software. the or the off the or the TART MAC
C
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective and this only. Macintosh, OS OS Mac/Apple IBM/International Inc. NT4.0, Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Incorporated.
Introduction lightweight EPSON EMP-7300/5300 allows to XGA, and The to PC or Apple such as or connected each XGA of The bright that easily with enough light to from the 1W+1W which built-in SRS 3D sound that and connected when further AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization of from The with switching and The as wireless to operations the The sofeware of features that to effective.
Introduction The features BIS CUIT Conversion UnIT) which XGA as as VGA and SXGA Whichever type of used, the of clarity. The EMP-7300/5300 and as as Apple and computers. The NTSC, PAL or SECAM
the of Remote The with of features that allow to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. The buttons the allow to the and off, to and switching. Remote buttons functions and to the The instead of to The electricity turning off the the input specified the the the off, conserving electricity, cooling the and the of the the to the and off. The buttons the the buttons and such as the tracking and the of
Optional Introduction To of the EPSON the following ELPLP05 ELPKC02 ELPDC01 ELPAP01 Mount ELPMB02 Plate ELPFC01 ELPFL01 ELPFP01 ELPFP02 ELPFP03 Soft Carrying ELPKS10 ELPKS09 ELPKS12 Throw ELPLL01 You purchase these from EMP-7300/
About This instructions to the and to or other or PA the procedures that apply to the to switch the on/off and Chapter the to the to the and the of the and such as bass and Chapter the Software, to the software which the function and the with the connected. Chapter to the Chapter Troubleshooting, to the lights and helpful information and Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical specifications EMP-7300/5300 About This
Instructions Introduction follow these instructions when and using the the trolley, or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the type of or electricity the near outlet where the easily the three-pin earthed properly earthed If to the with the following when the to or fire. the free of that the the securely. leads or boards as this fire or shock. the where the as this or to the or the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners.
the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or built-in of through allow of to the as specifically instructed this to service this yourself. or covers to and other servicing to service the or to the or top of heat-emitting or heated such as the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the following the from the and servicing to service If the or becomes or frayed. If or to or If normally when the operating instructions followed or clear performance indicating the servicing. If or the Instructions
Where to Introduction SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and service through nationwide of authorized EPSON and Service Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information installation, and of EPSON products Customer relations please the the section service the of this technical ready to and its If with software please to the that with the technical
World Transporting If connected to the and browser, World users to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON Corporate Info and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chart To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON The and To shock while as the following. to to troubleshooting the If the the cushioning around the business the (optional ELPKS09), then firm cushioning. to to the that EPSON the (optional ELPKS12) or carrying (optional ELPKS10). Where to
Introduction Bring the with when the as aircraft, first the (ELPKS09) to
his chapter to and and to other The to or such as or to the to both and or the or of the following: the to the as wireless or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
Unpacking the the these Remote AA MAC MAC PS/2 MAC PC MAC Software of the items to the the It should its or the
Additional Items The the right of the the of the MicroSaver anti-theft which purchased CAUTION: of of such as other than the originally the or EPSON the the EPSON and the EC Directives such as EMC of the CE The following items required, to the input each This normally with with to purchase or the to These items should from that the with that EPSON the of the or with products. Customers should that the of products the the the and connected peripherals to malfunction, features and or the warranty. the
the the the This the the within of the or the the from the The the and the the the below to the The to the as to the
Warning: the when the There that the might though it The light from the It that children should allowed to the from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Turn the that the right to the If the correctly the crooked. of the to the the other to earthed The should indicated the
To the the off the cover as shown below. the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover.
Connecting to the following recharge or to fire or as as they If the the with cloth. If them immediately. the the You the to of SVGA, VGA, SXGA, and XGA VGA, SVGA and SXGA Below found of the of this IBM PC or IBM or Apple including and Apple with including and the section that to Connecting to
Connecting to PC the location of the to EMP that the and both turned off. the of the to the The when connecting Disconnect the from the and to the other of the
If necessary, the of the to the the screws the The the to the as and to the software and the Effects the from to the Connecting to
that to the software the of the to the Mouse/Com The Mouse/Com when the PS/2 to the the of the the from the the back of and the of the PS/2 to the If the instead of the PS/2 If to the software, of PC to the PC the of the the other of the PC to the the back of Tighten screws to
the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to the sound the Connecting to
Connecting to PC the location of the to EMP-7300/ that the and both turned off. the of the to the The when the other of the to the Tighten the screws to they securely.
the The the to the as and to the software and the Effects buttons the to the the of the to the The Mouse/Com when connecting the PS/2 to the the of the the from the the back of the and the of the PS/2 to the the back of If the instead of the PS/2 Connecting to
That to the software If to the software, of PC to the PC SERIAL the of the the other of the PC to the the back of Tighten screws to to with
the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to the location of the to EMP-7300/5300 that the and both turned off. the MAC of the to the Computer The when connecting the DIP switches of the with the to of the to the of the Disconnect the from the and to the of the MAC
Tighten screws the f. If necessary, the to the and the with the to the Connecting to
the The the to the as and to the software) from to the MAC MAC the of the to the The Mouse/Com when the MAC to the the other of the the from the of the and the of the MAC to If to the software, of MAC to the MAC the of the the other of the MAC to the or the back of
the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to the location of the to EMP that that information. that the and both turned off. the the other of the to the The when the DIP switches of the MAC with the to (which with the or own) such as to the of MAC
the of the MAC to the of the to the of the MAC which connected the Tighten the screws the MAC and the Connecting to
the The the to the as and to the software) to the MAC MAC the of the to the The Mouse/Com when the MAC to the MOUSE the of the Disconnect the from the and the MAC to this If to the software, of MAC to the MAC SERIAL the of the the other of the MAC to the or the back of Tighten the screws to they securely.
the of the to the the the connecting the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to Source The with You this to or other to the The or If RCA If four-pin If three-pin You to both and the the selects the To the The NTSC, PAL and SECAM and the to that the then to only type of The type of to the to the whether S- or the with the the and with or from the BNC type with
To to the Switch off the and they If RCA-type the with the EMP-7300/5300. If or BNC type to YOUR OWN or BNC type or the S- or BNC type that with the yellow RCA of the to the the other yellow RCA to the the the other the to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the A/V Connecting to
Connecting to or PA of the the the other the S- (BNC the of the the R/R-Y, G/Y and B/B-Y the other the Though the internal enough or connected to the RCA-to-3.5 or to the to or PA These items obtained from to that both the and turned off.
the to the the other of the to the or PA to the RCA to the right and the white RCA to the RCA/3.5 Connecting to or PA
Connecting to Workstation (only the EMP-7300) If the workstation function, the section of "Connecting to Computer" to You of workstations. connecting, the type of workstation. If of the type of workstation, or workstation The following workstations If workstation 13W3, HD recommended, MS8158CA MS8128CA If workstation 5BNC, HD recommended, MS8102CA You to turn the Computer2/5BNC switch the back of the to 5BNC.
the his chapter the following information about Turning and off the the Checking the of the
operation the The below the of operation foot front foot reciver
Turning the On and Turning the On and Warning: the when the This It that allowed to the turn the and its attached the following than or or PA the Press the the or The If or attached, the or Allow about seconds Turning the On and
The that turned back while the flashing the the cooled and the the the shown to off the and other the to off the the and the operation about as the The (and when the cooling operation electricity turning off the the the and amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the cord.
Focusing and Positioning the appears the to and whether fits properly the To the of the the which the outer the To the of the the the clockwise to the and counterclockwise to Focusing and Positioning the
the the as the If to or the the or the the of the as follows. the and the front of while the foot located the This the they and freely. the While the foot or the the correctly. Release the to the their To the height of the the clockwise to the height or anti-clockwise to
The allows to the of input from EMP-7300 With to XGA choose from Either the the of the area(Window or the You choose from with greater than XGA Either of the or the The reduces the to the The with XGA EMP-5300 With to choose from Either the the of the area(Window or the You choose from with than SVGA of the or the The reduces the to the The with SVGA. Focusing and Positioning the
the the Normally the using the The buttons the allow to the following: Switch and off. of the Switch input Computer Access of and and the
the Remote The to commands these light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the receiver; or other (such as heater). these to the or the from top using the towards the receivers located the front and the back of the To to the as the to with with the EMP-7300/5300. To the the receivers located the front of the You the to from the Source Effects Custom Remote the
the to the the the buttons the operation located top of the This the the Function or the Source Switches to or the to the or the as when the connected to the with with the EMP-7300/5300. Effects to with the software. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other Clears the of effects and switches to or Switches the and VGA, SVGA and SXGA input). Custom to assign functions to the Effects using the software. the or the off the or the the BNC switch the back of the to BNC, the switch to BNC.
the You the to the instead of the However, and the when the Source the
the The following the functions the Function or Source Switches to or or the arrows the graphic these buttons to that or or to items tions. right arrows(tracking-/ Matches the internal clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to with or to tions. selection. Switches the and VGA, SVGA, and SXGA input). off the the BNC switch the back of the turned to BNC, the switch to BNC.
serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to warning light The and the top of the the operating Flashing Projection that, the to to The and the of brightness. Flashing off, the cooling While cooling, operations The internal and turned off.
the This off when the The and Flashing Projection reaching the of its and should with Projection reached the of its and the with Flashing The or other around the service the internal This off when the The Flashing The The too and turned off. Flashing The cooling or service
the The to The the such as and when the the The the such as and when the such as VCR. The features, such as the tone and 3D sound. The to The Custom assigns to the Custom The About displays hours, and The to their factory
Accessing the the The the or To the the The appears: Press the to the To Press the the or to the
Press the or or the top or of the to through the choices. Source and buttons Source Effects Custom
the or the Press the or the top or to Source such as the following appears. top Source Effects Custom
Computer) The connected and operating, and the the to to these Press the or arrows or the top or of the to through the Press the or right arrow buttons or the right or of the to the finished the to the or to back to the The automatically. The following this section: Computer) Custom About The to the The following options when the Computer.
the item Brightness or the Increase to the or to the the relative light and areas. Increase to light and or to the the light and of the with the tracking from the this whenever the or to from the Tracking Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the the of the input Select this item and then Click or the to the While the the or the and <Down> to Next, the or and <Right> to the selected Increasing that the while the finished, Click or the to to the Select this item and then Click or the to the While the the or the <Down>, and <Right> buttons to the the finished, Click or the to to the
item Pressing AUTO the input to the Press the AUTO while the the of input with AUTO such the to items to their factory Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to the items. If and then Click or the to clear the without
The (such as VCR or connected and and the the to to these options. the The to the The following options when the item Brightness or the Increase brightness to the or to the the light and areas. Increase to light and or to the the light and of the Sharpness sharpness. Increase sharpness to or to the Increase to and or to and (NTSC only) the of the Increase to or to red. the Normally this should AUTO of the If selection reason, this to manually NTSC, NTSC PAL, MPAL, NPAL, PAL or SECAM.
item items to their factory Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to the items. If and then Click or the to clear the without The related to item the the and Increase the to the or to the the the bass 3D Sound sound from to Increasing the sound enhanced. items to their factory Select this item and then the or to the Next, and then the or to the If and then or the to clear the without
the The to that normally item Prompt Temporarily the screen to which or the the whiteness of the The white, white, white, and sub-brightness R, B. Selecting the item and Click or the displays the or the and <Down> buttons to the to and then the of the and <Right> buttons to the selected high the selected within the while the Press Click or the to clear the and to the Option Rear Mirrors the (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when from from the Mirrors the (top-bottom) and (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when the from the Selects what should when the to the You or created the software that with the
item the to when the input OFF: effects, to from to right, and expands from to right. Right: from to right, and expands from to right. from and expands from Selects the the English, Spanish and /COM and the Mouse/Com Select to the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com The wireless the connected to Mouse/Com the input switched to Select to assign the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input BNC input RGB or R-Y,Y,B-Y. Option items to their factory Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to the Option items. If and then Clock of the to clear the without
Custom the The Custom allows to such as preview, or effects. the other which the to option, the Custom that the Custom to Custom option. The Custom located the of the To the Custom the top or CUSTOM from the ZOOM highlighted and the PRESENT SET displayed to the below of the To PREVIEW or STROBE the function then the top The Custom item Function Press the then the to the New or If the New the to the of the the of the displayed Press the Custom to the function. appears the right of the while the function the Custom The following while the function
item Function Each of the top the of the displayed reducing Press the to of the You the right, and to closely of the Press the then the to the New or If the New the to the Press the then the to the New or If the New the to the Press the Custom to the function. The function the Custom input with the or the Press the Custom to the function. The function the Custom The four each of which shows the from the input
the item Function of Press the top while the to specifying the of flashed and the them. You specify the of as or and the from to Press the top to clear the
About RESET ALL The About displays the following information about H/V H/V of the COMPUTER2 Switches and 5BNC. 5BNC LAMP the of hours the used. The of this when the the of its life. this the with as as this command the to their factory While this command, the OSD from and "RESET ALL" flashing the of the Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to items. If and then Click or the to clear the without
the
the Software includes to the ELP III V2.0 This to features and to the ELP III V2.0 related to EPSON
function function the ELP III V2.0 included the Software CD-ROM. the Software The function allows to effectively shipped with the The function allows to the from To the ELP III V2.0 and to the PDF and the following
PC IBM PC with or higher Microsoft or NT or At least 16MB of RAM ELP III V2.0 to 16MB to to At least 2MB of free ELP III V2.0 (8MB to and 3MB installation, 8MB the ELP III V2.0 CD-ROM (Quad-speed or recommended) VGA or or or At least 16MB of RAM ELP III V2.0 to 6MB to to At least 2MB of free ELP III V2.0 (8MB to and 3MB installation, 8MB the ELP III V2.0 CD-ROM (Quad-speed or recommended) or higher recommended), and or recommended)
Software CD-ROM ELP III V2.0 ELP III V2.0 provided. There of ELP III V2.0 Demonstration the Software The following software of to or with the shipped with the and of the and the sound from with information and instructions to ELP III V2.0. The PDF Format) To this the Incorporated that to PDF To the and follow the instructions. information a1bout or www.adobe.com). the ELP III V2.0 This the To this the CD-ROM the CD-ROM Then the Demonstration the E-10.
Connecting the connecting the to that the and turned off and from otherwise Connecting to PC the following EPSON follow the instructions below. If please the with the PS/2 to the to the PS/2 PC PS/2 to Mouse/Com Connecting the
Connecting to the Software the to the PC PC to Mouse/Com to the to the or ADB to the or to Mouse/Com
the Software PC If the appear, follow the below. or NT users: or NT users: connecting the to PC, the Windows-based software as below. Turn the and the EPSON Software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The following appears. Double-click the then the CD-ROM Double-click the then CD-ROM Double-click from the Then OK. the Software PC
the Software the following the ELP III V2.0 the following items to Then The the each software Follow the on-screen instructions. To the ELP III V2.0 the Demonstration
ELP III V2.0 PC users: The ELP III V2.0 directly from the there The ELP III V2.0 with the following Follow the below. Click Next. Then the If with the Software PC
the Software appears. Read the information, then Next. Choose Destination software this Click Next. Follow the instructions. the
the Software connecting the to the Macintosh-based software as below. Turn then the EPSON Software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Double-click the The following appears. Select from the Then OK. the following the ELP III V2.0 the Software To the ELP III V2.0 the Demonstration
If Custom from the and the software to the Software the If with The following appears. If to of the software software CD-ROM, the where to the software displayed the Location then The the each software Follow the on-screen instructions.
Accessing the Software and NT users ELP III V2.0 that PC the Demonstration and NT users ELP III V2.0 To the EPSON software, follow the below. Click to and then Click to and then the CD-ROM the CD-ROM and the Demonstration the the and the group. Then the ELP III V2.0 Accessing the Software
that PC the Demonstration ELP III V2.0 that the Demonstration the Software the and the group. Then the the CD-ROM the CD-ROM and the Demonstration the the then the ELP the then the the CD-ROM the CD-ROM and the Demonstration the
or Accessing the Software the CD-ROM Directly users ELP III V2.0 (PDF) Demonstration or the software the CD-ROM directly, follow the instructions below. the DATA then the ENGLISH the then OS Double-click SETUP. EXE. the DATA then the ENGLISH and AR Then the WIN31 and AR16E301.EXE or WIN95 and AR32E301.EXE or WINNT and AR32E301.EXE NT). the DATA then the ENGLISH Then the and SETUP. EXE. the DATA then the DEMO Then the WIN16 and D_ELP31.EXE or NT3.51. the WIN32, and D_ELP95.EXE or NT or Accessing the Software the CD-ROM Directly
ELP III V2.0 (PDF) Demonstration the Software the DATA then the English Copy the to the DATA then the English the PDF_FILE then the AR Double-click the the DATA then the English the PDF_FILE then the to the DATA then the DEMO Double-click the D_ELP
You should the or appear the You to the located the of the It to the which to cool the and from overheating. Warning: of the covers the the and covers. the injury. as specifically indicated this to service this yourself. servicing to service The should the and the If other replacing, EMP-7300/5300 or service cleaning of the switch off and the first.
Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the the with lint-free cloth. To or the cloth with and and the To the first the To or the casing with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinners or other as these the casing to
Cleaning the the with the the top to from the The which located the of the should cleaned hours of If cleaned periodically, become with and the from properly. This overheating and the To the Switch the off and the from the the with the the top that the easily the of the cover with Cleaning the
the Warning: the The attached to the of the To clean the to and other office If cloth. If the to or the torn, with EMP or EPSON Service to (ELPLP05) the cover. the back the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The and red, flashing alternately) red. The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the EPSON only (ELPLP05) Turn off the and the Turn the the cover.
screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws.) screwdriver, coin, or to the screws holding the (You these screws.) the and the the
Gently the lowering securely. Tighten the screws the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information what to with the It the following with the to this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the to this section or the of the If to the section and follow the which apply to If of the the EMP-7300/5300 or the EPSON Service
with the Troubleshooting If with the first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights the top of the These lights to with operation. the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the The flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the The operation Turn off the that the connected securely both the outlet and the and the Projected or to or the red. the as
Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. The red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat the the to the cooling or internal service with the
with the or Sound Troubleshooting appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as The selected. Press the Source the or the to choose another of the displayed. If the higher than the the If the with this choose the the group. choose the Apple and then choose Monitors. the choose and or another selected. Supported Displays You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the
screen displayed. The the the the The or of the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking and buttons the There or smears the Clean the as The of the right. The incorrect. If the red, and the If the and (NTSC only) the There sound. First that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the The selected. Press the or the or to the with the or Sound
Troubleshooting
Technical Specications of Poly-silicon TFT of inches EMP-7300:1024 EMP-5300:800 Projection Remote 3W aspect ratio ratio UHE High Efficiency ELPLP05 Mechanical Height inches
Technical Specifications Mechanical inches inches VAC and VAC Rated supply VAC, A, VAC, A, Operation: C), Humidity Operation: RH, C), RH,
Supported The displays of To higher the to The following the the Format H. V. PC98 PC98 PC/AT VGA60 DOS/V VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGAEGA SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA70 SXGA75 SXGA85 SXGA60 SXGA75 SXGA85 SXGA60 SXGA75 MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" Supported
The to the to The of allow the to displayed correctly. This with graphic and boards only. Technical Specifications Format H. V. MAC1960" MAC21" NTSC NTSC PAL PAL PAL PAL SECAM
and assignments The and RGB, The assignments input input input GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SDA input input SCL and assignments
Technical Specifications
Brightness. The of light and type of that and information Contrast. of the the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase New and of Africa. of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of which and separately. SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa.
type of that wire. The connected the switched off. this the LED lights If the the switches off and seconds the
service EPSON (UK) LIMITED Hempstead HP2 7TJ United EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON DEUTSCHLAND GMBH F.R. EPSON ITALIA S.P.A S. (MI) EPSON IBERICA, S.A. EPSON HONG KONG LIMITED Building Harbour EPSON ELECTRONICS TRADING LTD. (TAIWAN BRANCH) 10F, E.Road, R.O.C. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE LTD Tower EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street Chatswood NSW