Information Please the following information about Warning: the when the switched as the bright light the when it Warning: covers the the and covers. the as specifically directed this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the Information
EMP-7350/7250/5350 operation UICK front foot foot Function the or off. the Switches the input source.Pressing the once switches to the Computer1, and switches to the Computer2/BNC. A/V off/on the of the To the the A/V or the or the Switches the to the or Switches the input Pressing the once switches to the switches to the and three switches to the or the Terminates the function that If the when or displayed, back to the Selects option. If the when or displayed, to the If the when or displayed, the the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. Tracking Match the internal clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to with or to operations. Pressing the and the increase or the sound the TART operation
EMP-7350/7250/5350 Function the or the A/V off/on the of the To the the A/V or the function. the right of the the the of the reduces the To of the which of the the to the the or off. Effect to that assigned the or with the optional ELP IV software. the to the or the as when the connected to the with the and the You selects option the of this button(Enter). If the when or displayed, to the the the acts as the click. Lights buttons the Terminates the function that If the when or displayed, back to the the the acts as the right click. or the the Switches to the from Comp2/BNC Switches to the from Computer2 BNC. Switches to the from Switches to the from the Switches the and subscreen the To the subscreen, the once. To the subscreen, To the subscreen displayed, the following The the input and recalled the the to The following the UICK [P P]. The as follows; input source:Computer Subscreen input To the the The subscreen to the selected TART A/V R/C ON OFF Remote
C
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information contained Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this only. OS OS Mac/Apple IBM/International Inc. NT4.0/Microsoft Incorporated. Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
Introduction lightweight EPSON EMP-7350/7250/5350 and You to PC or Apple such as or You each displayed XGA of (EMP-7350/7250) and SVGA of (EMP-5350). bright that easily light enough to 3W+3W built-in 3D Sound You when further required. AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization of from You through with switching and The as wireless to operations Additionally, the ELP IV software to the from and with effects.
Introduction features the DAR Active which the XGA (EMP-7350/7250) and SVGA (EMP-5350) as as VGA, SXGA and UXGA (EMP-7350/ and VGA, XGA and SXGA (EMP-5350) what type of used, the of clarity. The EMP-7350/7250/5350 IBM and as as Apple and computers. The NTSC, PAL or SECAM S- Chapter and
the of Optional with of features that to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. The the to the and off, and to and switching. the buttons to (with the ELP IV software) and the the of computers To of the EPSON the following optional ELPLP09 (HD15/H15, ELPKC02 (HD15/HD15, ELPKC09 (HD15/5BNC, ELPKC11 Workstation (5BNC/BW3, ELPKC12 Workstation (5BNC/5BNC, ELPKC13 Workstation (HD15/EVC, ELPKC14 Workstation (5BNC/EVC, ELPKC15 ELPDC01 ELPAP01 the of
Introduction Communication ELPKC04 Mount ELPMB02 Plate ELPFC01 ELPFP01 ELPFP02 ELPFP03 Soft Carrying ELPKS10 ELPKS09 ELPKS12 Throw ELPLL01 Convergence ELPCW01 Remote ELPST02 ELPSC06 ELPFL01 You purchase these from
About This Chapter instructions to the and to or other or PA the that apply to Chapter the to switch the on/off and using the or the operation Chapter the to the to the and the of the and such as bass and Chapter the ELP IV Software, to the ELP IV software which the to the and effects. Chapter to and Troubleshooting, to lights and helpful information and Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical and the of the About This
Instructions Introduction Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or electricity the outlet where the easily the three-pin grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following when the to comply with these or fire. the outlet with the the cords or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners.
the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service If or the housing Instructions
Where to World Introduction If or first Troubleshooting. If the the the section service the of this please the following information ready: Product Product of the If to the and to World Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON Corporate Info and EPSON to the EPSON the and (Frequently and the EPSON Chart To with EPSON around the world, EPSON includes Information EPSON
EPSON incurred The and If to please follow these to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the business first the carrying (such as the optional EPSON accessory ELPKS12), then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to it (ELPKS09) or carrying (ELPKS10) such as the optional offered EPSON. Where to
Introduction
his chapter to and and to other The connected to or such as or You to the or of the following: the to the as wireless the to or both The the or another such as the to or PA to the
the the these Remote AA (A/V) PS/2 USB PC ELP IV Software the of these to the the It should its or the
Additional You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right to the these To (One with each To the to (One by/or purchased from Apple that If include To the to or other You these items from If the the
the the the This the the within of the or the from the The the and the the the below to the EMP-7350/7250 from to inches inches 626.0inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches EMP-5350 from to inches inches inches 409.4inches inches 204.7inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
using the optional to the attached to Warning: the when the There that the might though The light from the It that should allowed to the Turn the that the right to the If the correctly, the crooked. of the to the the other to earthed The should indicated To the the off the cover. the
the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover. the following recharge the or to fire or as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the the of
Connecting to You the to of SVGA, VGA, SXGA, XGA and UXGA (EMP-7350/7250 only) VGA, SVGA, SXGA and UXGA (EMP-7350/7250) VGA, XGA and SXGA output (EMP-5350). The following of supported: IBM PC or IBM or Apple including and Apple with including and To the and (to the wireless as the section this chapter that to The below the interface the back of the to to this as or other to the Mouse/Com R/R-Y G/Y B/B-Y Mouse/Com BNC HD/Sync VD Connecting to
Connecting to PC the location of the to Connecting the and To the to PC the and the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they First the and to this while following the below.
If the as as the the from the the back of Then the to the as shown below. (This useful when to the the of the to the the the other of the to the Tighten the screws Connecting to
Connecting the and If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The PS/2 or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software and the Effects the to this while following the below. Mouse/Com the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com PS/2 (or USB
If and using the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB shown the You to ELP IV software only that to To the as wireless the of the PS/2 or USB included with the to the MOUSE the of the from the the back of and it with the other of the PS/2 or USB included with the while the as To the ELP IV software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the SERIAL the of the the other of the to the the back of Tighten the screws Connecting to
Connecting the Connecting to PC the location of the to If of the to the the the connecting the other of the to the or the sound To the to PC the the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they
Connecting the Connecting the and First the to of the to the the Computer the other of the to the Tighten the screws If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The PS/2 or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software and the Effects buttons the Connecting to
to this while following the below. the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com To the as wireless the of the PS/2 or USB included with the to the MOUSE the of the the of the PS/2 to the Mouse/Com PS/2 (or USB
If and the PC instead of the PS/2 or USB shown the You to ELP IV software that to You to the to appear both the and the this with the function or the or instructions. To the ELP IV software or to the Effects buttons the of the to the SERIAL the of the the other of the to the the back of to with Connecting to
Connecting the Connecting to the location of the to If using of the to the the the the other of the to To the to Macintosh, to: the and the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with Follow the each section the to off the and they
Connecting the and the and to this as follow the below. of the to the the Computer Connecting to
the cover the (as shown below) and its DIP switches with the to such as 16-inch instructions. the of the to the other of the Disconnect the from the the back of the Macintosh. Then the (with the attached) to the the
Connecting the and To the the the of the to the and the other of the to the Tighten the screws the If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software and the Effects buttons the Connecting to
to this while following the below. Mouse/Com the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com to (or USB
To the as wireless of the or USB to the MOUSE the of the Macintoshs the other of the or USB to the To the ELP IV software or the Effects the of the to the SERIAL the of the the other of the to the or the back of Connecting to
Connecting the Connecting to If of the to the the the connecting the other of the to the to to the To the to to: the the and/or to the as or the ELP IV software) the with
the location of match the the locations necessary. Connecting the allow to the directly to the without information connecting Follow the each section the to off the and they the to this as follow the below. Connecting to
of the to the the the cover the and its DIP switches with the to (such as 16-inch instructions. the of the to the other of the
Connecting the and the (with the attached) to the the If with the of the to the the back of the the other to the the of the If to the as or the ELP IV software, to the It The or USB (to the as The (to the ELP IV software and the Effects buttons the Connecting to
to this while following the below. the of the to the Mouse/Com the Mouse/Com (or USB
To the as wireless of the or USB to the MOUSE the of the the other of the or USB to the the back of the To the ELP IV software or the Effects the of the or USB to the MAC SERIAL the of the the other of the to the the back of Connecting to
Connecting the the and to choose Mirroring the to the LCD as as the Connecting to High-End Workstation If of the to the the the the other of the to the The EMP-7350/7250/5350 of input to Since the leading workstations, this these the the of workstation There workstation Those workstations that follow the SXGA and the HD15 The workstations 13W3 which
Connecting to Source The with workstations the (synchronization) differently, the VGA-13W3 Recommended) DIP switch to routing. information workstation. You VCR, DVD player, or other to The or RCA four-pin three-connector (Y, R-Y, B-Y) You the to and the The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and and the that detected. Chapter that the then to type of The type of to the to the whether or the (A/V) with the S- the with or from or Connecting to
the BNC type that with The below shows the and BNC RCA To to the Turn off the and they If round, one-prong (RCA) the that with the If round, four-prong or BNC type to purchase the or the that with the RCA of the to the the other RCA to the of
the 2/BNC switch to BNC, the to the BNC which purchase from The 5BNC EPSON as optional accessory with the other the to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the of the the other the of three of BNC the R/R-Y, G/Y and B/B-Y the of the the C/R-Y, and B-Y (Dont of the the HD/Sync and VD the 2/BNC switch to BNC. Connecting to
Connecting to or PA The internal when used. Although the internal enough or the to or (PA) or to from the built-in 3D sound function. To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 You from Turn off the and or PA they the to the the RCA to the amplified or PA the the and the white the
the his chapter the following information about Turning the and off Focusing and positioning the the with the and the the operating
operation The below the of operation foot front foot
Turning the On and Turning the On and Warning: the when the This It that children allowed to the turning the or off with the to the first with the switch. Turn the and its attached the following from or or PA off the the the the cord, the flashes seconds. Then the light Press the the or The flashes as the the this light If or attached, the or projected. Allow about seconds Turning the On and
If the to the back while the operation there appears. the to off the confirmation appears. If to off the the If to off the The and the about as the the cooled the operation flashing and
Focusing and Positioning the appears the that and correctly the To the the (the the To the of the the the clockwise to the or counterclockwise to Focusing and Positioning the Screen
the its This the If to or the the or the the of the as follows: the and the front of while the foot the This the they and freely. the While the foot or the the correctly. Release the to the their To the height of the the clockwise to the height or anti-clockwise to
The allows to the of input from With to XGA the EMP-7350/7250 and SVGA the EMP-5350, choose from You the the of the area(Window or the You choose from with than XGA the EMP-7350/7250 and SVGA the EMP-5350 of the or the The reduces the to the The with XGA the EMP-7350/7250 and SVGA the EMP-5350 the the choose aspect ratio or Focusing and Positioning the Screen
the You the operation top of the or the to the following Turn or off of the Switch input Access the to the and or the
the Remote The to commands these light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the receiver; or other (such as heater). Correct these to the or the from To the the receivers located the front and back of the To to the as the to the and You the to from the A/V R/C ON OFF the
This the functions the Function the or the A/V off/on the of the To the the A/V or the function. the right of the button, the the of the reduces the To of the which of the the to the the or off. to that assigned the or with the optional ELP IV software. the to the or the as when the connected to the with the and the You selects option the of this button(Enter). If the when or displayed, to the the the acts as the click. Lights buttons the The lights seconds. Terminates the function that If the when or displayed, back to the previous the the acts as the right click. or the
Function the Switches to the from Comp2/BNC Switches to the from Computer2 BNC. Switches to the from Switches to the from the Switches the and subscreen the To the subscreen, the once. To the subscreen, To the subscreen displayed, the following [P P]. The as follows; Subscreen input source:Computer Subscreen input To the the The subscreen to the selected Preset The the input and recalled the the to The following Tracking, the the
the Operation You the operation to the instead of the and the features using the The following the the Function the or off. the Switches the input source.Pressing the once switches to the Computer1, and switches to the Computer2/BNC. A/V off/on the of the To the the A/V or the or the Switches the to the or
Function Switches the input Pressing the once switches to the and pressing switches to the or the Terminates the function that If the when or displayed, back to the previous Selects option. If the when or displayed, to the If the when or displayed, the the computers graphic these to that or or to items operations. Tracking Match the internal clock to graphic these buttons to with or to operations. Pressing the and the increase or the sound the the BNC switch the back of the to the BNC, the switched to the BNC. the
serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to light The and the top of the its operating Flashing The Allow about seconds. and Flashing off, and the cooling Cooling the the cooling, operations There internal The to the off.
This off when the functioning normally. Flashing Projection reached the of its and the with Flashing There with the supply, or malfunctioned the the internal This off when the The functioning normally. Flashing The too The turned off of heating. Flashing There with the cooling or
the to The the and of the whether the or The features, such as the tone and 3D sound. The functions the Effects the The The such as background or The to their factory The Advanced to options. The About information about H/ and hours
Accessing the To the the the or The appears: Press the to the To Press the the operation or to the
Press the or buttons or the top or of the to through the choices. and buttons A/V R/C ON OFF
The options whether the the or Press the to of options appears to the right. A/V R/C ON OFF
Computer) The connected and operating, and the the to to these options. Press the or buttons or the top or of the to through the Press the or right buttons (operation or the right or of the to of the finished the to the or the to back to the automatically. The to the The following options when the Computer.
item Select this item the to the Then the or and right to the the the to to the Tracking Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the with the from the this to or Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. the (Red:Green:Blue) of the input Select this item the The the or the and buttons to Next, the or and right buttons (operation to the selected Increase the or the the to to the Sharpness the sharpness. Increase the sharpness to or to the
item the The the Press right or to choose Preset The the input and recalled the the to The following Tracking, items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
The to and the (such as VCR or connected and operating to these options the actually from VCR). The to the The following options when the item Select this item the to the Then the or and right buttons (operation to the the the to to the Brightness or the Increase the to or to the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. Increase the and Decrease and the of the Increase the to (NTSC only) or to red. This with NTSC
item Sharpness the sharpness. Increase the sharpness to or to the items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without The related to item the the and the tone of the the bass tone of the 3D Sound the sound. Increasing the the sound. items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
Effect the Effect to what when the Effects buttons the and to the item Cursor/Stamp the and the the and the and Cursor the to or High. items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
The or the item the to Selects the or the subscreen. whether or user displays when the Prompt Temporarily displays the to which or the A/V off/on the of the clears effects, and displays or BNC Selects the RGB or the input the RGB. the input the DPMS the DPMS function, and off the The turned when the canceled. items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
The the Creating user the to the A/V Follow these to and the image(with the to as Press the to the Select the option the arrow the operation or the the Then the to the The the as appears the Choose or the or right arrow buttons the or or right of the the Then selection appear the To the of the to as the the arrow the or the the Once selected the the The this appears the Select and the If to the
the the or other while the the to the A/V Next, the appears the Select using the arrow buttons or then the The this appears the Select and the If to the the the user completed appears the the or to the Follow these to the to the A/V Press the to the the and the Select the option (A/V then highlight Press the the A/V the operation or the to the
Advanced Selecting the option the to their factory It or You prompted to the action. Select or then the to the The Advanced to item Selects the English, Spanish, and Chinese. the user the the turned the whiteness of the white; warmer white. Press the right arrow or the right of the to increase the the arrow (operation or the of the to the the input from AUTO, NTSC, NTSC NTSC50, PAL, MPAL, NPAL, PAL and SECAM. Rear Mirrors the when from Selecting ON while OFF off
item the when the from the Selecting ON this while OFF off Mouse/Com or the Mouse/Com Select to assign the wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com only. Select to the wireless to the connected to the only. Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input items to their factory Select this item and then the to the Next, and then the to the If and then the to clear the without
About The About displays the following information about or item the of hours the used. The light when the the of its life. this the with as as the and of the Polarity the polarity of the the of the the of the Refresh Rate the refresh of the item the of hours the used. The light when the the of its life. this the with as as the input
the ELP IV Software ELP IV Software from or to features and graphics You the software to the buttons the
function function the ELP IV included the Software CD-ROM. The function allows to effectively shipped with the The function allows to the from To the ELP IV and to the PDF the following
PC IBM PC with or higher Microsoft or NT At least 16MB of RAM ELP IV to (16MB to to At least 6MB of ELP IV (8MB to and 3MB installation) CD-ROM or recommended) VGA or or or At least 16MB of RAM ELP IV to (6MB to to At least 5MB of free ELP IV (8MB to and 3MB installation) CD-ROM or recommended) Color or higher recommended), and or recommended)
Software CD-ROM ELP IV ELP IV provided. There of The following software of to or with the shipped with the and of the and the sound from with information and instructions to ELP IV. The PDF Format) To this the Incorporated that to PDF To the and follow the instructions. information about or
Connecting the the to that the and turned off and from otherwise Connecting to PC the following EPSON follow the instructions below. If please the with the PS/2 to the to the PS/2 PC PS/2 to Mouse/Com Connecting the
Connecting to the to the PC PC to Mouse/Com to the to the or ADB to the or to Mouse/Com
the Software PC If the appear, follow the below. or NT users: ELP ELP IV this The ELP PDF connecting the to PC, the Windows-based software as below. Turn the and the EPSON Software CD-ROM the CD-ROM The following appears. Double-click the then the CD-ROM Double-click Select from the the the to and OK. the Software PC
If to its terms and the displayed and then Next. The displayed. reading to its terms and
Click Next. This related to of ELP IV. to them Click Next. The recommended location displayed, wish. To specify location, and the directory from the the Software PC
Click Next. ELP IV created the as the or of the existing 10.This displayed when Click This the of ELP IV. If the to then the of the software.
of ELP IV and the please to PDF The following the to Click to Follow the to the software. the Software PC
the Software the to the Macintosh-based software as below. Turn then the EPSON Software CD-ROM the CD-ROM Double-click the ELP The following appears. Select from the Then OK. Read the If with
ELP ELP this The ELP PDF the the to and OK. Select the and to Click the and the Software
This displayed the to ELP IV and using the please to PDF Click Follow the to the software.
Accessing the Software and NT ELP IV that PC the users ELP that the To the EPSON software, follow the below. Click to and IV, then IV. Click to and IV, then the DATA then the ENGLISH the then the ELP the DATA then the ENGLISH the PDF_FILE then the Accessing the Software
or Accessing the Software the CD-ROM Directly ELP IV (PDF) or the software the CD-ROM directly, follow the instructions below. from and the following operations. the DATA then the ENGLISH and ELP IV. Then OS Double-click the SETUP. EXE. the DATA then the ENGLISH and AR Then OS and AR32E301.EXE or WINNT and AR32E301.EXE NT). the DATA then the ENGLISH Then the and SETUP. EXE.
users ELP (PDF) the DATA then the ENGLISH and the to The PDF with the DATA then the English the AR Double-click the Copy the PDF from the DATA to or Accessing the Software the CD-ROM Directly
You should the clean because or smears appear the You to the the of the to the and from overheating. Warning: of the off the and the cord. the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service The should the and If other replacing, or service
Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the Lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears the cloth with alcohol-based and the To clean the first the To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinners or other These the to
Cleaning the the with the the top from the housing. Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned periodically, become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the and the Turn the its that the top and the easily. the cover to release the cover. the cover. The to the of the cover. It recommended that and other office to the If lint-free cloth. If the to or the torn, or EPSON Service the cover when Cleaning the
the To the and the as as when the appears the The to about hours of EPSON ELPLP09. Warning: the cool Also, the of the assembly. Touching the of the the when: The or to The flashing The "LAMP REPLACE" appears the when the Turn off the and the Turn the the cover. screwdriver, coin, or to the screws the cover. the screws off the cover. (You these screws from the cover.)
the screwdriver, or to the screws holding the (You these screws.) the and the Gently the lowering it securely. Tighten the screws the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover the
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information to with the It the following with the this section the and to what the lights indicating. with the this section or the screen If to the section and follow that apply to If of the the or EPSON Service
with the If with the first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights the top of the These lights to with operation. the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the The operation flashing and turn the The cooling the light off and then the The operation Turn off the that the connected securely both the and the and the or to or the red. the as
Warning: to service this as specifically this The red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then turn back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat clean the the caused to the cooling or internal service with the
with the or Sound appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as Chapter The selected. Press the Source the or the to choose another of the displayed. If the higher than (EMP-7350/7250) and (EMP- the the If the with this choose the the group. choose the Apple and then choose Monitors. the choose and or another (EMP-7350/7250) and (EMP-5350) selected. Supported Displays You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and
the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the displayed. The the the the The or of the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking and the There or smears the Clean the as The of the right. The incorrect. If displaying the red, and the If the and (NTSC only) the There sound. First that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the Also, that the off. The selected. Press the or the or to the with the or Sound
Technical Specications of Poly-silicon TFT of inches EMP-7350/7250:1024 EMP-5350:800 inches Projection EMP-7350/7250:47.2-626.0 inches EMP-5350:47.2-618.1 inches 3W aspect ratio ratio UHE High Efficiency ELPLP09
Specifications Mechanical inches inches inches AC and AC Rated supply AC A, AC A, Operation: C), Operation: RH, C), RH,
Supported EMP-5350 the UXGA and HDTV The displays of (EMP-7350/7250) and (EMP-5350) To higher the to (EMP-7350/7250) and (EMP- The following the the Format H. V. PC98 PC98 PC/AT VGACGA DOS/V VGAEGA NEC400 VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA43I XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA1_70 SXGA_75 SXGA_85 SXGA2-60 SXGA2-75 SXGA2-85 Supported
Technical Specifications Format H. V. SXGA3_60 SXGA3_75 SXGA3_85 *UXGA48I *UXGA60 *UXGA65 *UXGA70 *UXGA75 *UXGA80 *UXGA85 MACLC13 MAC II MAC16 MAC16 MAC19-60 MAC19 MAC21 HDTV480P (ANSI/ SMPTE) HDTV480P (ATSC) HDTV480I (ANSI/ SMPTE) HDTV480I (ATSC) HDTV720P (SMPTE) *HDTV1080P (ANSI/ SMPTE) *HDTV1080I (ANSI/ SMPTE) NTSC PAL SECAM
and assignments The and RGB, The assignments input input input GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SDA input input SCL and assignments
Technical Specifications
Brightness. The of light and type of that and information Contrast. of the the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase New and of Africa. of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of which and SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa.
type of interface that wire.
service EPSON (UK) LIMITED Hempstead HP2 7TJ United EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON DEUTSCHLAND GMBH F.R. EPSON ITALIA S.P.A S. (MI) EPSON IBERICA, S.A. EPSON HONG KONG LIMITED Building Harbour EPSON ELECTRONICS TRADING LTD. (TAIWAN BRANCH) 10F, E.Road, R.O.C. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE LTD EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street Chatswood NSW
Printed