Information About EMP-7500/5500 Please the following information about EMP-7500/5500 Warning: the when the switched as the bright light the when covers the the and covers. the as specifically directed this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the Information
EMP-7500/5500 UICK foot Function or Source Switches the input to or or the arrows the graphic these to that or or to items operations. right arrows(tracking-/ Matches the internal clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to with or to operations. selection. Switches and (PC input). off the and sound temporarily. the the TART reciver front foot
EMP-7500/5500 Source Effects Custom Remote Connecting to Connecting to PC UICK Function or the Source Switches the input to or Effects buttons to Clear. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other the Switches and (PC input). Custom the Right/Left buttons. the or the off the and sound temporarily. the or the TART MAC
C
rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this only. OS Mac/Apple IBM/International Inc. 95/Microsoft SRS and the SRS of SRS Inc. the United States and selected countries. SRS incorporated from SRS Inc. and protected United States and with issued and Purchase of this the right to recordings with SRS technology. SRS SOUND RETRIEVAL SYSTEM. Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
Introduction lightweight EPSON EMP-7500/5500 allows to XGA(EMP-7500), SVGA(EMP-5500) and The to PC or Apple such as or connected each XGA(EMP-7500) and SVGA(EMP-5500) of 768(EMP-7500) and 600(EMP- The bright that easily with enough light to from the 1W+1W which built-in SRS 3D sound that and connected when further required. AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization of from and easy of every The with switching and The as wireless to operations
Introduction the The optional ELP LINK III of features that to effective. The features BIS CUIT Conversion UnIT) which XGA(EMP-7500), VGA XGA(EMP-5500) as as VGA and SXGA Whichever type of used, the of clarity. The EMP-7500/5500 and as as Apple and computers. The NTSC, PAL or SECAM
the of Remote The with of features that allow to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. The buttons the allow to the and off, to and switching. Remote buttons functions and to the The instead of to The electricity turning off the the input specified the the the off, conserving electricity, cooling the and the of the the to the and off. The buttons the the buttons and such as the tracking and the of
Optional Introduction To of the EPSON the following ELPLP06 ELPKC02 PC ELPSW03 MAC ELPSW04 ELPDC01 ELPAP01 Mount ELPMB03 Plate ELPFC01 ELPFL01 ELPFP01 ELPFP02 ELPEP03 ELPKS11
About This Chapter instructions to the and to or other or PA Read the that apply to Chapter the to switch the on/off and Chapter the to the to the and the of the and such as and Chapter to the Chapter Troubleshooting, to the lights and helpful information and Chapter Specifications, the technical specifications EMP-7500/5500 About This
Instructions Introduction follow these instructions when and the the trolley, or the or of heat. only as recommended. the of indicated the If of the type of or electricity the outlet where the easily the three-pin earthed properly earthed If to the with the following when the to or fire. the of that the the securely. leads or boards as this fire or the where the as this or to the or the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners.
the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or built-in installation of through allow of to the as specifically instructed this to service this yourself. or covers to and other servicing to service the or to the or top of heat-emitting or heated such as the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the following the from the and servicing to service If the or becomes or If or to or If normally when the operating instructions or clear performance indicating the servicing. If or the Instructions
Where to Introduction SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and service through nationwide of authorized EPSON and Service Fax-on-Demand to technical information and products The location of Authorized EPSON or Customer Technical information installation, and operation of EPSON products Customer relations please the the section service the of this technical ready to and its If with software please to the that with the technical
World Transporting If connected to the and World users to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON Corporate Info and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chart To with EPSON around the world, EPSON includes Information EPSON The and To shock while as the following. to to troubleshooting the If the the cushioning around the business the case(optional ELPKS11), then firm using cushioning. to to the that Transporting
Introduction (optional ELPKS11) or to the with when If the as it EPSON the
his chapter to and and to other The connected to or such as or to the to both and or the or of the following: the to the as wireless or both The the or another such as to or PA to the
the Installation the these Remote AA A/V PS/2 and Soft carrying of the items to the the It should its or the
Additional Items The the right of the the of the MicroSaver anti-theft which purchased The following items required, to the input each and This normally with with to purchase or the to These items should from that the with that the
the the the This the the within of the or the the from the The the and the the the below to the The to the as to the
Warning: the when the There that the might though The light from the It that should to the from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Turn the that the right to the If the correctly the crooked. of the to the the other to earthed The should indicated the
To the the off the cover as shown below. the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover.
Connecting to batteries, the following recharge or to fire or as as they If the the with cloth. If them immediately. the the You the to of XGA, VGA, and SVGA VGA, XGA found of the of this IBM PC or IBM or Apple including and Apple with capability, including and the section that to Connecting to
Connecting to PC the location of the to EMP that the and both turned off. the of the to the Disconnect the from the and the other of the to the where the from the
If necessary, the of the to the the screws the of the to the the the other of the to the sound the Connecting to
Connecting to PC vary. the location of the to EMP-7500/ that the and both turned off. the of the to the the other of the to the Tighten the screws to they securely.
the of the to the the the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to the location of the to EMP-7500/5500 that the and both off. the MAC You that with or purchased from connecting. of the to the the other of the to the or where disconnected from the If necessary, the to the MAC
the of the to the the the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to the location of the to EMP that that information. that the and both turned off. the You that with or purchased from connecting. the other of the to the the other of the to the of Tighten the screws MAC
the of the to the the the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to Source The with You this to or other to the The or If RCA If four-pin If three-pin You to both and the the selects the To the The NTSC, PAL and SECAM and the to Chapter that the then to type of The type of to the to the whether S- or the with the the and with or from the BNC type with
To to the Switch off the and they If RCA-type the with the EMP-7500/5500. If to YOUR OWN or the that with the RCA of the to the the other RCA to the the the other the to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the to the of the A/V Connecting to
Connecting to or PA of the the the other the S- Though the internal enough or connected to the commercially RCA-to-3.5 or to the to or PA These items obtained from to that both the and turned off.
the to the the other of the to the or PA to the RCA to the right and the white RCA to the RCA/3.5 Connecting to or PA
the his chapter the following information about Turning and off the the Checking the of the
operation the The below the of foot front foot
Turning the On and Turning the On and Warning: the when the This It that allowed to the the and its attached the following the to the the the Turn the switch the back of the Press the the or The operation seconds, and when the the Turning the On and
The that turned back while the operation flashing the the cooled and the operation the off the switch the The operation off. the the shown to turn off the and other the to off the the and the operation about as the The (and when the cooling operation electricity turning off the the the operation and amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the cord.
Focusing and Positioning the appears the to and whether fits properly the To the of the the which the outer the To the of the the the to the and to Focusing and Positioning the
the the as the If to or the the or the the of the as follows. the and the front of while the foot located the This the they and freely. the While the foot or the the correctly. Release the to the their To the height of the turn the rear clockwise to the height or anti-clockwise to
to switch The allows to switch and The with XGA(1024 EMP-7500 and SVGA(800 EMP- With to XGA(1024 VGA the alternately. The the VGA(600 the SVGA(800 The the VGA(600 as The than SVGA(800 With SVGA(800 the with the both and Pressing the With than SVGA(800 XGA to of the or the the the displayed the following The XGA reduced to the SVGA The with XGA and the of the right the The of the the The of the right the The of the the The of the the the the to to the Focusing and Positioning the
the the Normally the the The buttons the allow to the following. Switch and off. Switch input Access of and A/V off the and sound temporarily.) function. (E (Decorates the the
the The to commands these light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the receiver; or other (such as heater). these to the or the from top the the receivers located the front and the back of the To to the as the to with the PS/2) with the To the the receivers located the front of the You the to from the Source Effects Custom Remote Focusing and Positioning the
If the other the PS/2 to purchase the to the to the the using the buttons the located top of the This the functions the Function or the Source Switches the input to Conmputer or Effects buttons to Clear. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other the Switches and (PC input). Custom the Right/Left buttons. the or the off the and sound temporarily. the or the
the You the to the instead of the and the features only when using the Focusing and Positioning the
the The following the functions the Function or Source Switches the input to Conmputer or or the arrows the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. right arrows(tracking-/ the internal clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to with or to operations. selection. Switches and (PC input). A/V off the and sound temporarily. the the
serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to light The and the top of the the operating Flashing that, the to to The and (every the of brightness. The the the released, the Flashing off, the cooling While cooling, operations Flashing The internal and turned off.
the This off when the The Flashing reaching the of its and should with reached the of its and the with Flashing The or other around the service the internal This off when the The Flashing The The too and off. Flashing The cooling or service
the The to The the such as and when the the The the such as brightness and when the such as VCR. The features, such as the tone and sound. The to The allows to features such as backcolor or The Effect allows to buttons. The About displays hours, and The to their factory
Accessing the the The the or To the the The appears: Press the to the To Press the the or to the
Press the or arrows or the top or of the to through the choices. and Source Effects Custom
the or the Press the or the top or to such as the following appears. top Source Effects Custom
Computer) The connected and and the the to to these options. Press the or arrows or the top or of the to through the choices. Press the or right arrow buttons or the right or of the to the finished the to back to the The automatically. The following this section: Computer) About The to to the The following options when the Computer.
the item Select this item and then button(remote) or the to the While the the or the <Down>, and <Right> buttons to the the finished, the to to the Tracking Matches the clock to graphic this to from the with the tracking from the this whenever the or to from the Brightness or the Increase to the or to the the relative light and areas. Increase to light lighter and or to the the light and of the the of the input Select this item and then or the to the While the the or the and <Down> to Next, the or and <Right> buttons to the selected Increasing that the while the finished, the to to the
item Pressing AUTO the input to the Press the AUTO while the the of input with AUTO such the to items to their factory Select this item then or the to the Next, and or the to the items. If and or the to clear the without
The (such as VCR or connected and operating, and the the to to these options. the The to to the The following options when the item Brightness or the Increase to the or to the the light and areas. Increase to light and or it to the the light and of the Increase to and or to lighter and (NTSC only) the of the Increase to or to red. Sharpness sharpness. Increase sharpness to or to the items to their factory Select this item and then button(remote) or the to the Next, and then or the to the items. If and then or the to clear the without
The to related to item the the and Increase the to the or to the the the bass SRS SPACE sound effects. Increasing the sound effects SRS CENTER Increasing the sound items to their factory Select this item and then the or to the Next, and then the button or to the If and then or the to clear the without
the The to that normally item Prompt Temporarily displays the to which or the the whiteness of the Decreasing the white, and increasing the white. the button(remote) or the and <Right> to the Press the to clear the and to the Mirrors the vertically (top-bottom) and (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when the from the Rear Mirrors the (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when from from the (AV/ Selects what should when the to the You or user created using the optional ELP III software. input Press or the to the from AUTO, NTSC, NTSC PAL, PALN, PALM, PAL60 and SECAM.
item To the selection or the Selects the the English, Spanish and Option items to their factory Select this item and then or the to the Next, and then or the to the Option items. If and then or the to clear the without
the The allows to the How to the Press the to the Select the the the or the the Then the or to the Select or the <Tracking buttons the or the Then the or to You the to the the buttons. If the the or The of this appears the Select and the or *If to the Next, the and appears the You them the buttons. Press the or to Then the of the user appears the Select
*If to the The canceled. of that, the Then the or the the or other connected to the the It the of the completed appears the the or to back to the
the The Effect allows to the buttons the Also, the Select the item to then button(remote) or the to the Press the completed the item This assigned the You the function. This assigned the You the function. This assigned the You the function. This assigned the You the function. Clear This assigned the You functions Cursor You choose the from (LMH) and High. to their factory
About RESET ALL The About displays the following information about Press or the to the information. H/V of the of the Refresh Rate Refresh Rate of the the of hours the used. The of this when the the of its life. this the with as as the the of hours the used. The of this when the the of its life. this the with as as this command the to their factory While this command, the OSD from and "RESET ALL" flashing the of the this item and then or the to the
the Next, and then or the to items. If and then button(remote) or the to clear the without
You should the clean or appear the You to the located the of the periodically. It to the which to cool the and from overheating. Warning: of the covers the the and covers. the injury. as specifically indicated this to service this yourself. servicing to service The should the and the If other replacing, EMP-7500/5500 or service cleaning of the switch off and the first.
Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the the with lint-free cloth. To or the cloth with and and the To the first the To or the casing with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinners or other as these the casing to
Cleaning the the with the the top to from the The which located the of the should cleaned hours of If cleaned periodically, become with and the from properly. This overheating and the To the Switch the off and the from the the with the the top that the easily Cleaning the
the This high heat and high the and burns To serious attempting to the the from the outlet and the to cool least hour). Then to The attached to the of the To the to and other office If the to or the torn, with EMP-7500/5500 or EPSON Service to (ELPLP06) the back the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The flashing). The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the EPSON Turn off the and the Turn the the cover.
screwdriver, coin, or to screw the cover. the screw off the cover. (You these screws.) screwdriver, or to screws holding the (You these screws.) the and the the
Gently the lowering securely. Tighten the screws the cover and the cover screw. the cover securely The off the
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information what to with the It the following with the to this section the and to what the warning lights indicating. with the to this section or the of the If to the section and follow the which apply to If of the the EMP-7500/5500 or the EPSON Service
with the Troubleshooting If with the first off and Then the back and the If this the the lights the top of the These lights to with operation. the following information what to when these lights or other with the The flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the The operation Turn off the that the connected securely both the and the and the or to or the red. the as
Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. The red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The clogged. Clean as Chapter and then the while. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service with the
with the or Sound Troubleshooting appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as The selected. Press the Source the or the to choose another of the displayed. If the higher than the the If the with this choose the the group. choose the Apple and then choose Monitors. the choose and or another selected. (EMP-7500) or Supported (EMP-5500) You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the
displayed. The the the or the The or of the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking and the There or smears the Clean the as The of the right. The incorrect. If the red, and the If the and (NTSC only) the There sound. First that the turned the and that the securely attached to both the and the The selected. Press the or the or to the with the or Sound
Troubleshooting
Technical Specications of Poly-silicon TFT of inches EMP-5500 EMP-7500 inch inch 1W 1W aspect ratio ratio UHE High Efficiency ELPLP06 Mechanical Height inches
Technical Specifications Mechanical inches inches VAC and VAC Rated supply V, approximately V, approximately Operation: C), Operation: C),
Supported (EMP-7500) The displays of To higher the the to The following the the Format PC98 EGA VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA Text VGA Text VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA MAC MAC MAC MAC TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) The of allow the to displayed correctly. Supported (EMP-7500)
Supported (EMP-5500) The of allow the to displayed correctly. This with graphic and boards only. Technical Specifications The displays of To higher the the to The following the the Format PC98 EGA VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA Text VGA Text VESA SVGA XGA SXGA MAC MAC MAC MAC TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) The of allow the to displayed correctly.
and assignments The and RGB, The assignments input input input GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SDA (DDC) input input SCL (DDC) and assignments
Technical Specifications
Brightness. The of light and type of that and information of the the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North and PAL (Phase New and of Africa. of the amount of contained measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of which and separately. SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa.
type of interface that The connected the switched off. this the LED lights If the the switches off and seconds the