and the Function Troubleshooting Others cover-F DICF43 Printed 01.05-.9A(C01)
AM to that the following items included the when removing the and from the items found to 2AA with the (three-cell Cord PS/2 Temporary Memory Card (this Warranty PC PS/2 MOUSE Software Dummy (CD-ROM) (Dummy and Accessory RCA (Red/White/Yel- USB *The memory the
AM IIII clear Clarity clear bright areas, of newly-developed high Compact and light easy carrying around. (approximately Supports the Supports to D4 ratings. Mounting the PCMCIA The the memory USB mounted to the of USB this allows to transmitted to the memory when connected to when of with EasyMP.) EMP-715/505E Features.fm
AM IIII this displays cords Precautions This and Operations Remote of Remote Operations the Remote Procedure and Projection Connecting the to the of the Sound Connecting Connecting the (wireless function)
AM Connecting the the of the of the of the of the Projection Preparations Commencing the Projection the Quality (when Tracking (when Synchronization (when Introduction of Functions Functions Functions
AM Function Projection A/V Function Function Switching function) Function Cursor/Stamp Spotlight effects Function and items Operations Operation items the Function
AM Function the memory Switching to Operations the back Editing Creating the Software Creating Connecting with USB and installation of the USB Browsing the memory from the Troubleshooting Troubleshooting Operation the The The The The The sound The
AM The switch off the pressed) with when the Software Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the Others Optional Transportation Terminology Specifications World-Wide Warranty Terms
AM IIII this displays of displays this and the to that the correctly and to to users and other and to to property. Explanations these displays below. that they reading this that death or Warning that or to property Includes and Indicates reference to the terminology of the termsthis and this this The this and this appear this and these terms cover the with the and other optional products. cords The with the conforms to the Appliance and and that that to when the overseas countries. of the the International purchasing overseas The following to countries. The three-core (with earth included) that the authorization of the authorization of the country which the to used. The of 7A, official rated of 125V, or of 250V. The than length. The (the connecting to the the with wall-mounted to EN60320/IEC rated C13.) Authorization organizations each country Country Authorization Country Authorization America UL SEMKO CSA DEMKO Great BSI VDE IMQ Norway NEMKO EANSW FIMKO Austria OVE UTE SEV CEBC The cords America and three-core SJT or SVT type cords. EMP-715/505E this
AM IIII Precautions and the following to of the If of the following switch off the immediately, the from the and or The of or or the of the the or the Continuation of operations these the outbreak of fire or shocks. Repairs should attempted the The to the should other than service The of the high-voltage that the outbreak of fire, or other other than that displayed. The of other than that specified the of fire or shocks. the specifications of the Cord. The Cord with the conforms to the specifications of the country of purchase. If the to other location, the and of the country and purchase that to that countrys specifications. Cord. to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. that the following strictly to the Cord. heavy the Cord. or the that the heaters. or the becomes Precautions Warning EMP-715/505E Other than those specified
AM the when the switched light that sight households with when and to these instructions the outbreak of fire or shocks. the following when and too to or to which or other adhered. that the and as as they to or with the Cord when disconnecting and tors. that the or The includes such as the and If of these should them with to and then or and repairs. or that top of the If the and the outer the of fire or shocks. or or or other the suction and outlets the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the or the battery-operated locations with such as vehicles with to sunlight, or the of and heaters. to this heat-distortion that would the of the and the outbreak of fire or shocks. Warning EMP-715/505E Precautions
AM the or heavy to this becoming aged, or causing the such as or to this becoming aged, or causing injury. or the within the reach of to this becoming aged, or causing the or locations, or locations where would to or such as or to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the suction or outlets. to this the of high the leading to the outbreak of fire. the the following locations. areas, such as or On top of or cover the with cloth or other Also, that least of the and the to the immediately hour the off to allow the to cool. to this the outbreak of fire. Precautions EMP-715/505E
AM that the switched off, the from the and other when the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. to the immediately the tor used. the to cool ciently least sixty the supply switched off this. to this burns or other of the to the and leading to the outbreak of fire, and the following to of batteries, or together with that specified the instruction If should from the battery, the with cloth and then the accordingly. the immediately when the the when the to of apply heat to the or them or that the with the polarity and If that from the off immediately with of with the regulations each that the and nected from their when to this shocks. EMP-715/505E Confirmation Precautions
AM the of the (+5C to +35C) and the to to the the of the (-10C to +60C) of the to the sunlight of the with the cover The heat the the cover to become The with high-accuracy and than active that there of of and that constantly nated. Precautions Precautions EMP-715/505E
AM This This section and and the items that should operating the IIII and Operations Operation PCMCIA Card PCMCIA Card Foot Foot Cover Remote EMP-715/505E and Operations
AM Rear Mouse/Com USB I/O Rear Foot Rear Foot and Operations EMP-715/505E
AM top of the Switches the supply and off. Press to switch off the supply. the of Press this when [Source] The switched when input. displayed when memory as (to selections) when the displayed. (Select) the when the screen This as the [Select] button selection) when the displayed. Source Select EMP-715/505E and Operations
AM I/O and AV the sound from to the when the the sound The sound from the when connected the the sound from A/V connected to the or the The established with RCA the sound connected or A/V the A/V Mouse/Com Connected to the when the to as wireless USB the with the USB when the to as wireless the with the USB when to from the to the memory and Operations Computer/ EMP-715/505E Mouse/Com
AM Remote Remote light-receiving the when the Light when the or when the [R/C ON OFF] switch [OFF]. Temporarily the Press this once to the [A/V Temporarily the and sound. To the once the or the It to the user when the A/V function and reduces the of the The the sub-screen when projected. Press the to this function. [Effect] the function. Press the to this (Light)] The approximately seconds. Switches the supply to the and off. [R/C ON OFF] switch Switches the and off. The operations when this switch [ON]. A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E and Operations
AM the item when pressed, and then the to the items when or right. This function operates as the when projected. The when this or right. the function used. to the when the or text displayed. This function operates as right-hand the when of the Cover and the [Comp] Switches to the from Switches the [P P] the within the or the as sub-screen. This function this once the the of Press this when [Easy-MP] Switches the memory to the Switches to the Switches the and the when projected. Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. and Operations EMP-715/505E
AM Rear Battery EMP-715/505E and Operations
AM of Remote Operations the and from the light there where the function. that the within the Approximately Approximately and that the [R/C ON OFF] switch [ON] when using the the the light-receiving There where the of the when reflected off the type of that and lighting directly the light- If the function or malfunctions, there that the this the accordingly. and Operations Approximately to the and right EMP-715/505E
AM the The with the following that of the type used. the Battery Apply to the holding the Battery and then upwards. the that the correctly with the and the the cover. Apply to the cover clicks Phase-3 (LR6) The should approximately once every three months when thirty EMP-715/505E and Operations
AM This section of installation, and the tion and IIII Procedure This section of and and the the front of the or the (suction the top. that there that of cloth or the the top of the the location where to the flow from or heaters. the to that there least of the and the cover the with cloths or other Procedure EMP-715/505E Installation.fm
AM and the that the from the to the The and the about the of the the following reference the that the than the Projection 30-inch to 40-inch to 60-inch to 80-inch to 100-inch to 120-inch to 150-inch to 200-inch to 300-inch to The become when the correction function used. the least from the or 300-inch 200-inch 150-inch 120-inch 410X300 305X229 100-inch 80-inch 224X183 200X150 60-inch 40-inch 30-inch 160X120 120X90 81X61 61X46 This the EMP-715/505E Installation.fm 610X460 of the from the Procedure
AM The the of the and right-angle to the from the It to the and with the function from the top or Although the with the front foot there where the this the with the correction function. Procedure A:B EMP-715/505E Installation.fm
AM This section connecting the to and IIII Connecting the to Switch off the to the and to the There with which established and that though established. First of to that established with the Conditions Condition The with to that the with that such as the [RGB the and the If this, to chapter the instruction There computers, such as combined and that allow or which optional purchased. the there when to switch the with the and the NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with the The shown products. to the instruction further Connecting the to EMP-715/505E
AM Condition The and of the within the boundaries the chart the the the and shown the chart the (there where Confirm the and with the instruction There that allow the to this the to within the shown the chart the Refresh Rate VGAEGA VGA VGA Text VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM SDTY HDTV (720P)16:9 HDTV The EMP-505 with UXGA. Connecting the to EMP-715/505E Used On) Used
AM the of the Switch off the supply to the and to the to this Confirm the of the and the of the the nection. Applying force when the or of the and and to the the to the Computer/Component with the supplied. the the the input the to [RGB] once the established. bunch the and the together. to this appearing the and malfunctions. when the the of the to the instruction further optional MAC (ELPAP01) when to with the Connecting the to EMP-715/505E Computer/Component Computer/
AM the The Computer/Component connected to the with the of the when the connecting the to station. the to the Computer/Component with the Computer/Component Sound The with of of 1W, and to sound from the the to the with the The the selected sound. Connecting the to EMP-715/505E the the Computer/ Computer/
AM Connecting It to sound connecting the the to PA active or other with built-in amplifiers. the The sound externally the The sound from the this The sound the Purchase that matches with the the to used. the Connecting the to EMP-715/505E Computer/
AM Connecting the (wireless function) This the to operated with the the as wireless the to the Mouse/Com or USB with the to to PC/AT PS/2 PS/2 (supplied) DOS/V USB USB (supplied) (OS9 or higher) PS/2 USB to the selection. the USB mounted USB the of the supported. tions Supports OS9 and higher with the There where to with both the and the of the OS. There where the to to the instruction further Switch off the supply to the and to the The with with to or ADB Macintosh. Connecting the to EMP-715/505E USB USB (supplied) PS/2 with the USB with the Mouse/Com Mouse/Com USB Mouse/Com
AM the following operations the established: Press the Right Press the the A/V R/C ON OFF The operations the functions of the with the The when the displayed, when the in-Picture or or when the of the play(resize off). The of the [ENTER] [ENTER] Remote Connecting the to EMP-715/505E A/V R/C ON OFF
AM IIII Connecting the Switch off the supply to the and to to the The sound the selected the of the the and the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) supplied. To the (yellow) the of the to the with the the the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) to output the sound from the To the (white) To the (red) Connecting the EMP-715/505E To the (white) To the (red) RCA with the To the the RCA with the (red) Computer/ (white) (yellow) (red) Computer/ (white)
AM the of the to the Computer/Component with the optional (ELPKC19.) the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) to sound from the To the R-Y To the To the B-Y the input the to or with the the established. To the L(White) To the (Red) the (optional:ELPKC19) Connecting the EMP-715/505E (red) Computer/ (white)
AM the of the the to the Computer/Component with the optional (ELPKC22). the with the RCA (red/white/yellow) to sound from the To the The (optional:ELPKC22) the input to or with the when establishing the with only Supports to the D4 Connecting the EMP-715/505E To the (white) To the (red) Computer/Component RCA with the Computer/ (red) (white)
AM This section and projection, and the IIII completed. Preparations directly the once the supply switched to this the light eyesight. that the Cord used. The of other than the the outbreak of fire or shocks. with the attached. to this the becoming to heat. the to and the to the to the of when the to the the Warning EMP-715/505E projection.fm Projection
AM the Cord to the to the of the and Connector, the the and then as as Connector Cord the the The operations when the EMP-715/505E
AM Commencing Press the to the supply. The Operation to and started. The from to while. operations when the the cover when to used. Source Select input] played when input. that there where this displayed the A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E projection.fm A/V R/C ON OFF the R/C ON OFF switch to [ON] first of when using the Projection
AM Select the to which the when than item of connected. Press the connected to the or to switch the input Source Source to Select the top right-hand of Unit Remote the [Source] when- pressed) Memory [EasyMP] [EasyMP] Projection without the item of nected. It to switch to with the [Source] when input It to switch to with the [Source] when memory Projection Select [Comp] EMP-715/505E
AM Starting Switch the supply to the or If the nected then the [Playback] or buttons. The and If displayed, the once the there when to switch the with the or the establishing the tion. NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with the The shown products. to the instruction further Press the when that DVD players or input. The and whenever the switch pressed. There where of EMP-715/505E projection.fm Projection
AM IIII with the following Switch off the supply to the connected Press the to that the to switched off displayed. Source Press the once The extinguished, the and the cool- Source The from to once the cool-down completed. The cool-down approximately seconds the surrounding Press the to switched off. The seconds buttons (the operations when the this please attained. Select OFF? Please to off. EMP-715/505E projection.fm A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
AM to that the cooling (the operation and then the from the the from the when the to this to the and the the the R/C ON OFF switch to [OFF] when the The when the [R/C ON OFF] switch the [ON]. that the [R/C ON OFF] switch the to [OFF] when the Foot Steady the hand, and then the Foot with and the Unit. Operation A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E projection.fm Foot
AM the cover. the to the the EMP-715/505E projection.fm
AM IIII the Projection The the following the of the the Foot with and the front of the The Foot from the Foot and then of the the of the Foot to the There where the when foot This with the of the correction function. The Foot the Foot with and lowering the the EMP-715/505E Foot higher
AM IIII the It to the of the and function to the and function Turn the to the to 1.2X The when the the the [W] and [T] If the that the from the [W] the the and the of the Projection EMP-715/505E projection.fm
AM the necessary when the with foot Press the the to the rectangle. Source Select The corrected The corrected It to with correction (through as as the of the within of The of the slightly with the with the Approximately upwards The reduced when correction The of correction This to match the the and the sharpness correction. correction from the Source Select EMP-715/505E projection.fm Select Select Mouse/Com the Projection
AM IIII Quality and the of the the to the It to the the or with this clean the accordingly. Correct the of to of the of the of the [W] to [T] (when Automatically the to the The items include the and Press the the If initiated when the A/V or cuting, the function the type of the there when correctly. this the Tracking and Quality EMP-715/505E
AM Tracking (when when the the with the function. Synchronization (when when flashing, and the the with the function. EMP-715/505E projection.fm Quality
AM IIII Introduction of Functions The functions that operated buttons when below. Function Reference the of when A/V Temporarily the and sound. A/V Temporarily the of the Proportionally the Effect to the (Effect) sub-screen to the Corrects correction. correction Automatically the the the Introduction of Functions Unit Remote Con- Unit EMP-715/505E projection.fm
AM This section the effective and such as tions, with this IIII Functions Function The of when sections and below when Press the The displayed. Source Select the Press the [Select] the the and the to the Functions Select HELP the the sound selection(Language) If follow the instructions to the unsuccessfully, the from the outlet and with :Select EMP-715/505E function.fm Functions
AM the Press the to the the operations and to and the items. HELP to [Troubleshooting] this the text The the or buttons. Functions Source Select appear the The The the off/too The of the correct. The too The :Select EMP-715/505E function.fm A/V R/C ON OFF
AM IIII Projection Cutting It to temporarily or and sound. A/V Function Temporarily the and sound. Press the [A/V the The and sound To the [A/V once the or the It to the to when the and sound temporarily muted from the following three with the A/V the Black The the and necessary to the Function Temporarily the of the sound muted. Press the the The Press the once to this A/V R/C ON OFF A/V A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E function.fm
AM IIII Switching Switches the and the when Switches aspect ratio of and when Press the the The switch. the of with the input There where the of the and the of the or the that the of the fits the the input than the the of Switching EasyMP the the to scrolling. EMP-715/505E function.fm
AM the input than the the of The switched the of the the as the of the displayed the than the of the the the to through the displayed. the of Switching and recorded with and DVD EMP-715/505E function.fm Switching
AM IIII function) The as while the proportionally Press the the The displayed the right-hand to the to reduced or Press the the to the with and of of the when the the to the and this ingly. Sub-screens when the function used. function) A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E function.fm The displayed.
AM IIII Function Effects to the with the of the [Effect1] to [Effect4] tons the The the [Effect] Cursor/Stamp the Press the the The Cursor/Stamp displayed. the the to the of the The the location of the when the the pressed. The function and the when the or pressed. The when the function A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E function.fm Function
AM the Press the the displayed. the the to the to the Press the to the the the to the to the Press the to the The when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and four corners. the of the corners this The when the function Effect Function A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E function.fm
AM Spotlight spotlight of the Press the the The spotlight displayed. the to the spotlight. The function and the spotlight when the or pressed. The when the function A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E function.fm Effect Function
AM the Press the the displayed. Press the to the The function and the when the or ton pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function Press the the The and Effect Function A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF EMP-715/505E function.fm
AM IIII Function It to as within or It to the sound. Press the [P P] the the top of the and the displayed the top right-hand of the Press the the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to the sub-screen The when the The or (only played the and the displayed the sub-screen. The the with the the and of the sub-screen to The sub-screen switched the of the sub-screen displayed the ously the the function EMP-715/505E function.fm Function
AM and This section the and operations. IIII The when sound from the Press the the when sound input. when sound to EMP-715/505E
AM IIII The the and to items The top and and of Also, the with the input (connected items Tracking Brightness Sharpness Advanced About :Select Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About :Select The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input the input switched with the as the switched to the the input The when input. Top Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Advanced About Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Normal EMP-715/505E Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Normal :Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Effect Advanced About Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF :Select
AM Tone Effect Advanced About :Select Prompt A/V Advanced About :Select Advanced About Advanced About RGB Rear :Select Effect Advanced About :Select The displayed of 0H and hours, and, of hour hours. Effect Advanced About :Select Advanced About OFF Black ON OFF Black ON OFF Effect Advanced About Select [English] ON OFF Select ON OFF ON OFF :Select The information displays the of the input EMP-715/505E Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor ON Source RGB Negative On SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
AM IIII Operations The operated with the Press the the The top displayed. Select the the the and to the the selected Press the to the The selected. Then the the and to the The items the and information the input Comp1 Advanced About Select [English] ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF EMP-715/505E Operations
AM the the to the and right to the attached to the of the item that the and the Press the to this selection, and then the to the of further information the function of each of the other items the Press the The Press the to to the previous the hierarchy. The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input when input. Operations Screen Select [English] ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF EMP-715/505E
AM items Top Function the of the and right. Press the to the the Tracking that appear the the and that appears the and as of the and It to the of the the synchronization the Brightness the of the the of the the of the Press the to the and then the of the red, and the of the the of the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of the with clear Normal: without correction. with tint. the the input connected to the Computer/Component RGB when RGB input. when input. when input. the input when ON [ON]. to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the EMP-715/505E the Normal RGB Operations
AM Top Function the the tone sound to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. to and sound to the Effect Cursor/Stamp the and of the assigned to the the Press the and the item to from the the selected and The the function.(see and the necessity of the the assigned to the the Press the and the item from the The the function. Spotlight the of the spotlight assigned to the the Press the and the item from the spotlight The the function. the and of the assigned to the the Press the and the item from the The the function.(see Cursor Selects the of Cursor. L: to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Operations EMP-715/505E Color: Color: Direction: thickness:
AM Top Function Corrects The reduced when correction The of correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. the input the functions sub-screen. The function the The and other The user and Prompt whether to the input the or ON A/V the when the [A/V pressed. and they the function when input. this [ON], and the the input and operations of thirty (the Press the to to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. to and sound to the the currently the memory Press the and the operations as with the displayed.(see amount of the process. Press the and follow the instructions played the The amount of to to the or the connected to the while this to this The that The when projected. EMP-715/505E Black ON Operations
AM Top Function the with which to displayed. nced Press the and the from the selection displayed. Screen the the switched The user and the of the the Press the and the the displayed. RGB: the of the RGB (red, and Press the the (red), and items the displayed, and then the necessary the of the when the Rear [ON] to OFF from the rear. The inverted. The inverted and right OFF when this [ON]. to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the About the items the to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. the function from each to the and sound to the each The ON and BNC to the The and information displayed with the input and other than that to the input The information the of the input projected. Operations EMP-715/505E English ON
AM The currently displayed the memory the that to Press the and then displayed. Select and then the to the to displayed. Select and then the The the played. Advanced About :Select the to the Memory Card? :Select this :Select EMP-715/505E Operations
AM amount of the process. the or connected while to this the memory the memory while created the memory when and the of that the when USB established with the the memory Operations EMP-715/505E
AM the currently displayed as the user the that to as the Press the and displayed. Select and then the to displayed. the of the then the displayed. Advanced About :Select the as :Select EMP-715/505E Operations
AM Select and then the The displayed. Select the and then the to displayed. Select and then the The the played. amount of the process. the or connected while to this The that The when the projected. It to the to the once Operations this :Select the :Select the If the previous :Select EMP-715/505E
AM the Function This section the that the of memory to confirmed and to created and played back. Function The following functions with It to and memory the Browsing memory It to of the and the ory to the and the ory Replaying It to replay the the memory The and or created with the [EMP software the and USB tions It to the to with USB to allow the operation of the ory EMP-715/505E software.fm Function
AM the memory memory when the EasyMP Memory that The following memory which with the II ATA used. Compact PC mounting) PC Memory PC mounting) ATA PC when of insertion the memory the to the instruction the should the memory the the PCMCIA the to the back, as shown the Rear The to to the back back to front. apply force this The the PCMCIA as follows: Extinguished: Access or the Access achieved.(Do the memory while accessed.) red: FAT12/16 memory the there that write-protected and malfunction when to write them. that the write-protect released to using the memory EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Removing the the memory when the or when played back. the memory with to and from the Press the the of the PCMCIA The Press the the of the PCMCIA once The memory the this the memory from the necessary. Press the the of the PCMCIA This the its the memory from the necessary. to the instruction the memory EMP-715/505E software.fm the memory
AM It to the and the memory with EasyMP. It to of within the memory the and each (preview). The function the following with the function. creation. SXGA or SXGA or with the function. normally displayed. There where with and other software when the The function with the function the with the [EMP software the to the characteristics of the ratio high, the when displayed. EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Switching to Press the the The switch to of and the of the memory displayed. Memory Card] displayed when memory The this that the memory as ically played back.(see The switch to the and the replayed memory containing that the when the other EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Operations the operations The of and with the function. The or selected with the the the with the and then the The within that displayed. the with the and then the button. This the and of The displayed the the the with the Press the [EasyMP] ton to to the the Press the [EasyMP] to the to the information. Selected Selected EMP-715/505E software.fm of
AM Press the [ESC] when the displayed. The and the to the of Functions the To of of the selected selected, the within that displayed. selected, of the that shown. If the then pressed, the and then shown Operations when selected. The to when selected. of displayed other than Switches the of the and the the when selected. the and from the when selected. the when selected. To hierarchy to the the higher hierarchy. information the operations that this EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM It to through the memory from that USB tion when the displayed. each It to of within with the the with the and then the The selected and the the the with [Preview], and then the button. of the within the displayed. Select the Press the the to to the Select the to and of the one-by-one. Press the when and displayed to ceed to the Press the to to the (this the optional Press the to the and displayed to the Press the the the of the that as The and the Selected EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM the This the and playback the with the or and then the The or selected and the the the with and then the The displayed. Select the items the the and then the to The and one-by-one the selected this to the whether to and or this item when selected. switching the amount of proceeding to the this specified, the displayed when the pressed. the which the to displayed. Select background the of the background to displayed. Selected EMP-715/505E software.fm the item
AM It to back the memory back Press the the to switch to The switch to of and the of the memory displayed. with the Software] software the that the memory as ically played back from this the with the to played back, and then the ton. The played back. The to the the playback completed (the playback repeated Although the with the the to to the the or to the the Press the to the playback. It to to the with the or to the with the the switched with the [Source function the EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM The playback the of creation, the and with the displayed when the [Easy/MP] playback. Press the to Editing the with the the and then the The selected and the the the with and then the button. of the within the shown. Select Select to the EMP-715/505E software.fm Selected
AM the following to the the with the to and then the button. the with the the to to, and then the the following to selected from displayed playback. the with the that to displayed, and then the the with and then the attached to that Select [Display/Hide] Select the Select the the to to Select the EMP-715/505E software.fm Non-display
AM the with and then the The of the and the to the of Select the to Select The played back with the edited when selected.The of editing this EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Creating created with the software] software. the Software to that this software operated the Computers that CPU or higher II recommended) Memory or (96MB or recommended) MB or of VGA or higher explanatory the the with and the Software CD-ROM The If the the [Specify and with [Specify and and then [CD-ROM \SETUP]. Select the and then the [OK] The Follow the instructions to with the process. Select [EMP with and Applications], and then and to the Creating EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Creating It to that Microsoft or and with the of Software]. Supports both (SR-1 or higher) and recommended). that the and to already created. The effects with If these effects to when switching the the Prop- Created played back with the function. Specify [EMP [EMP The Software software Specify New]. displayed. the items the and then the [OK] displayed. The of the This without that the of characters the and the characters. Upper-case alphabet characters and the the that the created to Background the of the background to displayed back. with the created the when created. EMP-715/505E software.fm Creating
AM Specify the to to the with the the of the the of the selected, each displayed thumbnail win- thumbnails that created with or displayed. the when thumbnails displayed. the and that to to the the from the the the from the the right-hand The selected and to the If the of to included the the top of the [EMP The following screen when the Creating EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Follow the to items to the to switch to other such as or the playback, the right-hand the and [Source to that switch the The PC when this with the Property] it to the or effects, the right-hand the and Property] to allow the with The displayed. The amount of switching seconds and seconds. Switching manually the playback. This when ticked. It the and attached to that (The clicking the right-hand the and specifying (Inactivate)]). It to specify animated and other switching when switching of these shown below. The displays specified the Other selected clicking them while the or In/Out: Switches the from the or right. In/Out: Switches the from the or from the EMP-715/505E software.fm Creating
AM It to the switching when with the switching function. It to to playback clicking the right- and specifying Effect]. The functions activated with buttons to the the of the the the win- switching of the to the with the Specify The created Select and then the the to they with the and the each the located the when the to the this to the further each of the [EMP Creating EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM It to created to the memory the memory the the memory necessary. Specify Option] The displayed. Specify the which the memory and then the [OK] displayed. Click the [OK] button. started. the played when completed. EMP-715/505E software.fm Creating
AM Click the Click the and the following procedures the and functions to Click these function to Operations clicked. the and then the [OK] the to the from the the and then the The specified displayed the the right-hand the to the from the the and then to the field. Click the [OK] to terminate operations. If memory which that as the the played back when tion The selecting Operations] the transmitted. The specified from the or specified with the they the which they the It to created directly to memory the when the and connected with USB The the of the memory when transmitted to the These edited with the the as and (thumbnails). Creating EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Connecting with USB the and together with USB to the of the memory the from the The that connected to the with USB and restricted to those that the and platforms. the USB the to the to connected to with USB and memory used. The following with the to the OS to and procedures below to the USB the Software the CD-ROM the USB as with the OS, or the USB the Software the CD-ROM with the If the USB as with the OS already to the USB with the The USB nected and without the USB as with the OS. The USB with the used. and of the USB the to the with USB the USB Switch the supply to the the and the software CD-ROM New the The automatically. New the USB nected with supply. Connecting with USB EMP-715/505E software.fm Mouse/Com
AM The New and the with the [Specify and with [Specify and [CD-ROM the field, and then [OK]. Proceed with procedures the instructions. Series\Easympun.exe] to the Browsing the memory from the the connected to the with USB and the installed, the memory as it the as Double-click Computer] the Computer] Connecting with USB EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM Select the operations the as operations. You to or to as might crush. memory operations from connected when the displayed as Operations when the memory accessed. to the following when USB established. the memory or the USB when the to this to the memory or malfunctions the Confirm that the extinguished selecting (or to the to the when the Abort USB Access played. to this to the memory or malfunctions the from the the Abort USB Access displayed. Access the to the selection Select Devices] when removing memory the platforms. The function USG Connecting with USB EMP-715/505E software.fm
AM This section and the of of them. IIII Troubleshooting think first of the the The with and to the user of the Recovery or Reference Stand-by (Not when the pressed. Cool-down (Not The acount of the to cool (cooling the the The the cool-down This once the cool-down completed, the once then. Projection Troubleshooting Troubleshooting EMP-715/505E
AM Recovery or Reference Warm-up (Not The and become once the completed. Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. Extinguished The The switched switched the the supply to the Recovery and Reference to the the with (ELPLP14). with (ELPLP14). to that the or correctly attached the replaced. If the or correctly attached, the the as the switched If the to and to repairs the replaced). Nearing the the Extinguished (Not The switched or It recommended that the as as as there where the earlier than stated the of EMP-715/505E Troubleshooting
AM Recovery and Reference internal (overheating) Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. High-temperature (This the cooling operating the increases further.) the within the of and the and that the and Extinguished (Not The switched or to the section the the following the appear the or covered the Troubleshooting The off and becomes approximately with the that passed, the once, then If the overheats, the following and the the with the and covered, and that the the If the dirty, the the recover to the the and the If the overheats when the and when displayed the when the turned the of the and repairs the where purchased or the service office the Clean the EMP-715/505E
AM IIII the to each item the following the The sound The The The The The The Nothing Nothing displayed the the switched off and then immediately? The finished the cooling The the cooling Projection (cooling operations: the completed. the ON? the [ON], the extinguished operations and input of thirty the the brightness of the correctly the the [A/V the the input completely There where input become completely to input? when the and [OFF]. or to the to each item when the displayed. the the EMP-715/505E
AM the of the from the higher than UXGA to that the the of the from the to the instruction to to the and of the from the [Not Supported] displayed the connected correctly? the input selected the Press the [Source] buttons the ([Comp], the to switch the displayed the supply to the connected or switched and type to the externally they to the LCD the switched to There which to the LCD when externally. It to the the from the and then switch the supply. If the the from the and or information the displayed. the memory the memory the the memory displayed. the EMP-715/505E
AM displayed. displayed. displayed. [This displayed] displayed. displayed. the memory The that with and Other Although with of the platform as they the to .JPG or the There where the of displayed from the of the memory when memory PC with USB Press the to the specified? with JPEG specified? displayed with the specified There that the of the or incorrect. There where with or with software displayed. with SXGA specified? and with that SXGA displayed. the with the EMP with count other than specified? with count other than displayed. the to the EMP-715/505E
AM the memory If there to increase the of the memory other displayed. while the connected with USB It to when USB the USB displayed. the EMP-715/505E
AM The The only areas. the the of the of the of the [W] to [T] that the within the [W] to [T] the correctly? the increased the There where the to the too the The recommended and the within this the the light right the the the of the when the brought from and this to the this switch the off and the to while. the Tracking and The the and the while the the the the correctly? the with There where the input the the input match the the type with the [RGB] and or the the EMP-715/505E
AM the correctly? the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the The appears the [Synchronization Tracking correctly Press the to the The displayed to to the There where the Either the or amplification and the the the correctly? Select the with Format]. There where the input the the input match the connected the type with the [RGB] and or the The There that the correctly selected. Press the the correctly with The The the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the note-type and type computers. Either the that the the or the that the of the displayed with the with Properties] the the to the to the with the further the EMP-715/505E
AM The The the correctly the connected correctly? the correctly the correctly the and correctly (The the or the match with the of the this abnormality.) to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the input match the connected the type with the [RGB] and or the to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the brightness correctly the correctly the EMP-715/505E
AM sound the sound input connected correctly? the which sound selected? the to the sound from connected Confirm the sound from the turned right the [A/V function There that the [A/V Press the [A/V the or the to the [A/V the sound to Sound output from the connected to the The the [R/C ON OFF] switch the the the The of the to the and right, and and A/V R/C ON OFF the the and the too The of the approximately the connected and the the the light-receiving the the light-receiving to sunlight, light or other light the mounted the the mounted back to front? the EMP-715/505E
AM The switch off the pressed) OFF with when using the Software If abnormality the of the inspections, the from the and or the The that the extinguished when the switched off. The Operation extinguished when the disconnected from the The operations. The cool-down (to allow the to cool the operation the switch off the The when this completed, the from the this *The amount of the cool-down the The acts (distorted) with that displayed normally If the displayed normally, the that the and the or There should with created with the Software or with (VGA, XGA.) displayed the created with and the edited with the Software. These first the or they used. Not to or thumbnails. It that the MS-Office the and [Graphic option from the Office97 and then or the (the with the Office2000 installation.) Created edited. that to the memory edited. the temporarily the Software. the EMP-715/505E
AM This section of the items and other IIII Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the becomes or the of the Please the about hours of operation. other than the the cover that shocks. or to internal inspections, repairs, cleaning and other when the and Connector. the outbreak of fire and shocks. the following when the or that become or to them. that the and the as as they to and with to the immediately to this burns and other caused heat. approximately hour the off to allow the to cool. the and Connector from their when carrying to this shocks. Switch off the supply and the Cord to cleaning of the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning EMP-715/505E
AM Cleaning the Gently the of the with cloth. the the with cloth with medium-strenth cleaning with and then with cloth. thinner or other active to this or from the Cleaning the Clean the with the and cleaning The of the easily and other than Cleaning the and the internal of the the becomes with and and this that the its and the cleaned with to the and from If to the from the or to crack, to this with the the the as the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the EMP-715/505E
AM IIII the Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to the surrounding the with screwdriver or to that the its when the to the and from the first, and then the other to of with regulations. the EMP-715/505E
AM IIII the the the following ELPLP14). displayed thirty seconds the of the The the brightness and below the the as as the to the brightness and quality. The hours of to the brightness and quality. Although the approximately hours of there where the characteristics of each and other tions lighting this hours this reason, from OA Inc. from EMP-715/505E the
AM Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surround- the cooled sufficiently, and then the cover. Approximately hour the to cool sufficiently. and the screw holding the the the screws holding the and then the the the as as and then with the screws. the EMP-715/505E
AM the cover. the the and then with the screw. the firmly. the switches off the matically when the cover The the and cover with the the the as the The when the with EMP-715/505E the
AM This section optional items and service as as specifications, terminology and other technical information. IIII Optional The following optional purchase with MAC ELPAP01 (XGA) ELPDC02 (PAL/NTSC) ELPDC03 ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 ELPKC10 ELPKC19 Soft Carrying PC) ELPKS16 Soft Carrying ELPKS24 ELPLP14 Screen ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Optional Others EMP-715/505E option.fm
AM IIII Transportation The and that the following to the from the to the repairs, the which the the of purchase. If the the shock-proof to and then carrying the supplied. Carry board as when the covered the warranty. EMP-715/505E option.fm Transportation
AM IIII Terminology This section the terminology within the items which and other A/V Temporarily the and sound. The sound and muted the [A/V the Press the [A/V once or the or the to the The that the broadcasts within SVGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and SXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Sync(synchronization) The clearly this with the of the the known as synchronization. to and chronized. VGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and XGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and USB Universal This interface connecting comparitively to the UXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and The of the that light. when the high, and when the through three as Red-Bright (R-Y), Yellow-Bright (Y) and Blue-Bright (B-Y). This the (the red, and and their brightness to clearly. The software to the The EMP with the operates the with the of the operating the the NT operating the operating and the or higher operating Cool-down cooling to the supply switched off and the extinguished. The cooling to when the entinguished, and operations This known as the cooling The amount of the cooling with the surrounding Terminology EMP-715/505E option.fm
AM strengthening or the tone of the to characters and clearly and tint. This known as Tracking The clearly this with the of the the known as to and chronized. EMP-715/505E option.fm Terminology
AM IIII Specifications Product EMP-715/505 the and 0.9-inch Corner-to-corner TFT 12-phase writing EMP-715 Count EMP-505 (approximately (light UHE ELPLP14 rated 150W 1W Sound 240VAC Rated 230W, 5W to +35C (with to +60C (with Approximately Computer/Component RCA DIN RCA (L, R) Mouse/Com DIN USB USB B) Card PCMCIA TYPE II Card Supports CFA Conforms to ATA The USB the operations of that USB. Specifications EMP-715/505E option.fm
AM IIII of the and the items to with the of the that occurred with The switched Nothing displayed the displayed NO SIGNAL The input The to the back) (the displayed) property) LCD Refresh MAC EWS DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The or too which nothing The than the The The clear The or focused. characters The or the or too The or The or The TV and CRT the Connector firmly? Specially Switching EMP-715/505E option.fm The displayed ON Information ON SYNC polarity SYNC Negative Negative Refresh Information ON AUTO NTSC Others EMP Purchasing month the of the and the of and Connector firmly? firmly? switch when
AM Sound sound heard The too The sound sound MAC EWS the sound DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( Sheet The Sound Connector firmly? the sound when connected to A/V Specially Switching EMP-715/505E option.fm EMP Purchasing month Sound input firmly? RCA input when
AM IIII World-Wide Warranty Terms This includes warranty, which allows the to repaired than forty-five countries of the world. that covered the terms of warranty stated the of warranty the warranty when the purchased each country. The warranty the the following countries: Greece Ireland Norway United <North America and America> United States of America <South Chile and South Thailand The warranty to the following terms and 1)The warranty only when the together with the warranty or of purchase issued the country of purchase. 2)The warranty implemented based the warranty and established or service countries the instruction The of warranty months from the of purchase. The warranty cover the of and with the within the of the warranty. The with the of as 3)The warranty apply the following a.Defects or optional the to or the instruction c.When repairs or third other than or service through the of optional or tured or otherwise authorized The with the to the supply of the country of purchase. the overseas, that specifically that country purchased. of the warranty This of as of Access the up-to- information. If the www.epson.com. EMP-715/505E option.fm World-Wide Warranty Terms
AM <EUROPE> AUSTRIA EPSON Austria Address: BELGIUM EPSON Address: BULGARIA PROSOFT AI BG-1113 Sofia CROATIA HR-10000 Address: CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 World-Wide Warranty Terms FINLAND geographical excluded) FRANCE EPSON F-92300 GERMANY EPSON D-40549 Address: GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. H-2040 IRELAND ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO- EMP-715/505E option.fm LUXEMBURG EPSON Address: MACEDONIA NETHERLANDS EPSON Address: NORWAY POLAND FOR EVER PL- PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. Address:
AM DENMARK ITALY EPSON F. (MI) Address: SLOVENIA SLO-1001 SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN At. Address: SWEDEN <NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEAN ISLANDS> CANADA CANADA L4B IJ3 COSTA RICA S.A. Americana, Address: SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 TURKEY TIC. A.S. MEXICO S.A. C.V. AV. DF Address: EMP-715/505E option.fm SLOVAKIA SK-98401 Address: UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ Address: YUGOSLAVIA BS U. S. A. America, Inc. Airport CA90806 Address: World-Wide Warranty Terms
AM <SOUTH AMERICA> ARGENTINA S.A. Aires Address: BRAZIL SP Address: <ASIA OCEANIA> AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street Chatswood NSW AUSTRALIA Address: HONGKONG EPSON Technical (Information Harbour Road, HONG KONG Address: JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VD Customer Group: JAPAN World-Wide Warranty Terms CHILE Chile S.A. Address: COLOMBIA Address: KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD 17F HANSOL KOREA MALAYSIA EPSON TRADING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. U1, SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Commonwealth Technocentre SINGAPORE EMP-715/505E option.fm PERU S.A. Address: VENEZUELA S.A. Address: TAIWAN EPSON 10F, East Road, Section THAILAND EPSON (Thailand) Tower, South Sathorn Road, Sathorn, Thailand EPSON Technical Tower, Road, Rachataewee, Thailand
AM IIII A/V A/V A/V Function About About the Projection the Projection Advanced Advanced Battery Cover Brightness C Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Commencing Computer/Component Connecting Connecting the to Connecting the (wireless function) Connecting cool-down Cursor Cursor Cursor/Stamp Effect Function Effect function) function Foot Function Foot Functions EMP-715/505E 715E.IX
AM Function I/O Procedure cover Light Sound Operations Mouse/Com Optional overheating and Operations Function Quality Cord Projection Projection Prompt R/C ON OFF switch Rear Foot Rear Remote Remote light-receiving Remote the the Right Precautions Sharpness EMP-715/505E 715E.IX
AM Sound Source Specifications Spotlight displays Synchronization Terminology top Tracking Transportation Troubleshooting this World-Wide Warranty Terms EMP-715/505E 715E.IX
AM DECLARATION of CONFORMITY to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B. V. EJ AMSTERDAM, Declares that the Product of LCD ELP-715/505 EMP-715/505 Conforms to the following Directives and Norm(s) Directive 89/336/EEC Directive 73/23/EEC The EN EN EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN EMP-715/505E
AM DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to tion and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, includ- interference that operation. EPSON of Product LCD EMP-715/505 ELP-715/505 Airport CA Telephone: EMP-715/505E
AM This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC United States EMP-715/505E
AM rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this only. Macintosh, IBM/International Inc. Windows/Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those EMP-715/505E
Projection Function the Functions and Others Troubleshooting cover-F DICF43 Printed 01.05-.9A(C01)