If or and the and clear obtained bright The brightness of the to of Reduction of Reduction operating of Approximately The of the too bright, the to and Brightness rather than The following that easily such as the "Blackboard" to allow selecting to their tints. function The of the detected, that the corrected. correction function Blackboard Theatre Blackboard Automatically input from connected You switch the with of Selection of Projection lightweight (EMP-745/737 EMP-740/732 to with the included Soft carrying which to The B5 (D) (W) (H) and and other its the high with high of beautifully clear bright Brilliant, attractive Compact and lightweight
protection function allows to the of the authorisation, and as theft-prevention This that the without function and theft function the to the around the of function and of The accessory to operations such as (Wireless Function using function to #XXXX XX XXX "XXXX XXXX" XXX XX. XXXX XXX XXXXX. [XXXXXXX] [0-9]:XXXX You the and ready to the You the such as where the centrally turning the the Direct On such as to the of buttons that used. This function such as shows and or This function the buttons the
something with the such as blowing the of the (EMP-745/737 only) using EasyMP with wireless LAN. easy Network instructions to to Network and as and USB-compatible memory This allows to without connected to the Showing the the CardPlayer) the (EMP-745/737 only) USB to
Connecting to Source Projecting Projecting Projecting RGB from Function) If the the to the the This chapter the the and Rear Remote Sound from (EMP-745/737 only) Sound from (EMP-745/737 only) Connecting USB Devices.................................................... Disconnecting USB from the Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) the Remote the the Remote the Remote and Installation........................................................... the and Projection Preventing theft Protect) Protect Protect ON Protect" (ON) If the One Hour or Protect" (ON)............................32 (EMP-745/737 only) Installation...........................................................................17 Access Card Access Wireless LAN Card Access and Removing Cards Connecting to Computer................................. Computers
and Functions the the operating of the Flashes or lights to with the Flashes or lights to Flashes or lights to with the internal of the LAN or memory when EasyMP. Card (EMP-745/737 only) as become or immediately the light-receiving from the the from becoming or when using the to cover Security the foot to and the front foot. and to the when the such as shelf. foot Foot
or the input from the connected the following and the each this pressed. The input searched [Source Search] and Functions RGB to the RGB from and selection and to displayed, the Automatically If or the next-lowest [Computer/Component (EMP-745/737 only) while the previous or the function. displayed, selects items and If or Press to or displayed, selects items and Press to the sound If this pressed, displays or the that the or off.
from connected using the CardPlayer function of EasyMP, this to the to (EMP-745/737 only) the to the USB when the wireless This from USB. function. [USB and Functions Rear memory to or USB or from such the CardPlayer function of EasyMP. RGB from and RGB and from other [Computer/Component (EMP-745/737 only) [USB Remote light-receiving from the to the Rear foot Rear foot to the from other to the from other
cover attaching the through the to the cover. foot Foot and Functions from the when It should cleaned This and other and fixing the optional mount when the from Clean the this cover to the when to cover
Remote light-emitting the or of that appear. If the buttons and Functions buttons [Computer] [A/V buttons buttons [Search] [EasyMP]
the of the and the to that the the the the The already the the the purchased. You to the that with the the used. the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the CAUTION Press the cover clicks the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover. the cover Catch PROCEDURE If the of the or that the becoming ready to when required. TIP
that the becoming If this If the of the or directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the allow sunlight or light from to the with ones. TIP the Remote and Remote The the following the Remote the Remote PROCEDURE from to something top The of this to the the released, If of the the than seconds, the to of the the light-emitting of the light-receiving the and the buttons. light-receiving (back) light-emitting Remote Remote light-receiving (front)
Approx. the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the the Remote Remote from the Remote light-receiving light-emitting Remote
The the following four allowing to choose the the the this its to Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms first. otherwise malfunctions the CAUTION using of the from the Please would to this The optional mount when the the the "Projection" command the to using or match the TIP Rear using
and the While to the following the that the The should as the The the the The the and the the Recommended Screen and Projection of The reduced when correction the about The allows ratio of to about The than the the of about the and the TIP Units: Units: Units: to from of of screen Shortest
the PC facing the the back the the to front or or and Removing Cards (EMP-745/737 only) CAUTION You PC such as wireless LAN and memory with the and PC the included wireless LAN as The wireless LAN with the as this to to and PC cards. EMP-745/737. TIP the PC the that facing the upwards. PROCEDURE The following PC the Wired LAN cards, please this Wireless LAN (only the with the Memory "Specifications" Top
Press the to the of the The PROCEDURE flashing or while the wireless LAN while the the to memory while CardPlayer, The PC and CardPlayer CardPlayer the when from the to wireless LAN flashing this the memory while the of the Doing the memory or the CardPlayer first. Closing CardPlayer the malfunction memory without closing or burns. and Removing Cards (EMP-745/737 only) CAUTION Access Enough of the PC that the of the and straight of the Press the the back to from or CAUTION
You the the The light when wireless LAN of the wireless LAN as below. the LAN Card Access memory the whether the and what as the of the memory below. and Cards (EMP-745/737 only) Card Access Access flashing The connected to the and LINK to Communication transmitted or received. ACT occurred while from the memory from the memory Access The memory
The the to of If using EMP-745/737, the Network that the to the The connected to of or information to to below. Computers the of the and the the If try to force to the and the connecting together. If the the to Turn the off both the and the them. If the the of with or of to the and the connecting bound together, interference or or the following. Connecting to CAUTION that the such as "RGB Condition The alternatively to purchase output to the heading such as If the built-in or to the to the or "Connecting or further or "CRT which Condition The and of the necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays", while to the "Appendices: of Supported allow to the the of Supported Displays". with the the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 If the and too from each other of the to the PC "Appendices: Optional Accessories and You to purchase the with the further TIP
operations to the to If than input to the the projected. with The input based the input from the such the input to "Computer". TIP The and specifications of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. If the the accessory to the Projecting from Connecting to To To [Computer/Component (accessory)
It to the function Edition/XP Professional installed. If the The USB connected to with USB interface. If using which the of function to used. the If EMP-745/737, the [USB the to the Professional that from of of Edition/XP of both the and operating back of the function as USB operation guaranteed. further TIP USB to the USB to the [USB the of the You the as wireless to the the To this, the accessory Applicable the Remote to the (Wireless Function) Connecting to USB (accessory) USB USB (accessory) USB (OS XP Edition/ XP Professional the as wireless the and buttons the to back and forth through when To [USB USB (accessory) To USB
If the the the The wireless function while the following of the buttons While displayed While the function While While While the sound functions used. function TIP Once the the operated as follows. If the the of Press the the the the the of If the Connecting to operations. Press the the location to the item the while and If the Press the Right
commercially- A/V to the connecting the to the following the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or the and the together. If the Turn the off both the and the them. If the the and the bound together, interference or operation to the or of Connecting to Source CAUTION that the using the To (yellow) with the To A/V To To (yellow) operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. TIP
the optional to the "Appendices: Optional and commercially-available to the Connecting to Source To [Computer/Component to (RCA to the (optional) To operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. To (commercially-available) To TIP operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. with from The input based the input the such the input to TIP
the accessory to the RGB Connecting to Source To [Computer/Component (accessory) To RGB TIP operations to the to If than input connected to the the with from The input based the input the such the input to "Computer".
If the input to the [Computer/Component Sound from The built-in with of W. You sound from connected (such as or through the built-in the and commercially-available A/V to the If to RCA (red/white) (such as the commercially-available to of the that with the Select the that this from the following, If connecting to (such as the of the of the other the To If the input to the To If commercially-available 2RCA that as You the started. TIP To (accessory) (commercially-available) A/V To
Sound from (EMP-745/737 only) the CardPlayer function of EasyMP, the the "EasyMP to and with built-in amplifiers to the to of commercially-available with with that match the the to or sound. To to the sound, the LAN function of EasyMP, the the To TIP
Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-745/737 only) and USB connected to the that the and and that USB the CardPlayer) the played back CardPlayer. Showing the Connecting USB Devices using the such as and USB should If USB the correctly. AC with the connected to the directly. To [USB To USB of USB CAUTION to the using USB with, The following to USB or specified with as USB than length. If the Check that there wireless LAN or memory the USB CardPlayer function correctly. TIP
Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-745/737 only) the to CardPlayer. Showing the with the "EJECT" the CardPlayer and the the the CardPlayer) the Disconnecting USB from the finished, the USB from the following the below. PROCEDURE USB or USB from the If CardPlayer first CardPlayer the USB CardPlayer correctly. Disconnect the USB or USB from the [USB CAUTION turning the the off. If this connected, the or the the off with the CAUTION
the "International Warranty Conditions" section "The operation locked." displayed that appears the and the Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the operations incorrect and then the switch to If this the from the outlet and then and the thirty the following If incorrect three the of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms displayed and the back to the If the of the "The locked. the the "International Warranty displayed. TIP Preventing theft Protect) the Protect function activated, people who know the the to when the turned Furthermore, the that displayed the background of the This to theft. Protect the turned the first the connected to the or when Direct On the following displayed. Remote ON Protect" (ON) centrally the the displayed the If the to the outlet and the only displayed when the turned the first without the appearing. The On to "ON" and or to the disconnected and then reconnected. If Direct when first the turned the supply restored. to the If the correctly, While holding the the buttons
This the while continuously about seconds. the approximately The Protect" displayed. holding the seconds. the following to Protect. Protect PROCEDURE of the each the turned The of to the turned the of that the The displayed when the If to the each the from the when the the disconnected and from the If the when the displayed. closed. If the One Hour or More Preventing theft Protect) Remote TIP the "Background Color" the ("ON" from to or or from or or "OFF") to operations, displayed and the To the Protect" to "OFF" first. If to of the following Protect" (ON) If Protect already the If the correctly, the Protect" Protect displayed. displayed. Protect to the as theft- If Protect to "ON", the accessory
The the displayed, If the incorrectly, To and then the While holding the the The the buttons to The If the shown Once four the The "The should this to prompting to the and then the as displayed. the the displayed. allows to specify the buttons to the within the of If the the While holding the the finished using the Protect" the countdown the to hours and then the Select and then the If this to and the Select ON Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the Turn ON Protect" Press the Preventing theft Protect) Select Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the Turn Protect" Press the of the that and and the counter If the to the the the and the Once the the button. TIP
This chapter operations such as turning the and off and the Operations the Quality............................... and RGB the Selection) the Selecting the Quality Turning the On.................................... Connecting the Turning the On and Turning the the the Function)......................40 Correction Function............................................................41 Focusing the Manually Correcting Distortion........................43 the and the
that the facing the as the the and then the the accessory to the securely the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Turning the On Turn the to CAUTION the other of the to The light earthed the "Operation" "Direct ON" item as as the the to "ON", sounds and the and The the that connected to the should turned Connecting the PROCEDURE TIP the cover the the of the cover and the cover. that the turned off the and connected to the the or other to the
The to as the sound to that the Press the the or the to the and to appear. from flashing to The Protect the to each the turned If this the Turning the On and Projecting Turning the On TIP Remote TIP that the flashing and PROCEDURE If the flashing operation of the buttons the the to Turn the to the necessary.
that the The following shows of to output without the to of the buttons the [Source Search] the to the the straight If only connected, the from that to the section of the with or when LAN If or with LCD the [Source Search] when the CardPlayer the to switch the to EasyMP. If EMP-745/737, as heading such as If the the with memory or connected USB the or the "Connecting or to externally. TIP TIP the or If than connected to the The input searched and buttons to the to while to the following each the [Source Search] pressed. Remote Turning the On top-right of selected Source Computer/ or If the of the become the You should leaving the IBM NEC the selected as the the and the Network when the EMP-745/737. using EasyMP.
the and or the appears If the "The heating. nothing the the the or the to the off. "Cleaning the and CAUTION that the connected Turn the off the that to the turned off. Follow the below to the off. Turning the PROCEDURE The switch off. The sound, and the to light the cool-down The cool-down about seconds. Press the once and cool-down flashing and lights Remote The following appear. Press the If to the off, seconds. (The off If the the and this
If the flashing operation of the If the to "Network ON", operating. This and buttons the lights continuously. (EMP-745/737 only) Turning the TIP If the used, recommended that the from the flashing otherwise the from the while the operation and reduce the operating life. CAUTION the cover to the when the to the from or dirty. the cover. cover
If correction or Sharpness Turn the to the to the correctly. Focusing the Screen PROCEDURE The of the basically the from the to the These functions and the that obtained. the the Function) to the correctly. If If the of the or as of this or the TIP The following to the once the The this to the turning the The function of the PROCEDURE TIP If the If the the of to the the If to the further, the further from the Turn to "T" to reduce the Turn to "W" to the
foot, the to the or retracting the front If the that right to the the to or off and the than the Doing injury. CAUTION The should that as to the as the and the Correction Function from the from of
the correction approximately correction function that this If the the the with the vertically while the the front foot the obtained, the front of the to the While the foot the front of the and then release the foot front foot. the PROCEDURE If the turned to the "W" the correctly. to quality, the This when the turned to the "T" If the of become to the of that the of corrected as as the of within of approximately If to further "Projection" the to and correction when the correction the buttons the TIP To the front foot, the while the foot Foot TIP correction the If the text of the correction the sharpness become If correction required, the to "OFF". the the the correction correctly. foot the the foot Rear
correction using the If the text of the correction correction the the sharpness become TIP The with correction function which the of the and to the of correction, the correction automatically. If to further buttons. and Manually Correcting Distortion the Screen which the when correction that the If the displayed the the correction reached. that the elongated If the top of the If the of the elongated PROCEDURE
this the the or the the to the while this item "ON"), If the to "OFF" (the or RGB projected. Remote TIP RGB from and these that the of the following three items: obtained. and RGB the Quality The of the as follows. the the to the commands to the tracking and then to The If the while the function or function activating, the the correctly to the previous the type of or RGB such about seconds pressing other buttons. and manually. those Tracking and (synchronisation)
the or the The tracking increases or each the to the the from the and the pressed. or RGB and this using to the Tracking manually the If appear the following the Quality the Tracking the the to the The when tracking this TIP this operation, to the Press the the or the and then "Tracking" from the PROCEDURE
the or the or interference from buttons the The increases or each to the synchronisation the the and the pressed. or RGB and this to If or interference appear the (synchronisation) manually using the following the Quality the the the to the If the without the tracking first, incorrect tracking clearly, to the with of and to to the Incorrect and when the brightness, noticeable with of tracking first. TIP this operation, to the and then from Press the the or the the PROCEDURE sharpness and correction
The as follows each the pressed. Blackboard Theatre PROCEDURE the selecting the that The following the characteristics of the that You easily to the The brightness of the which selected. Selecting the Quality Selection) the Quality The appears the top-right of the each the Remote Brightness that fresher and than Brightness to that Brightness to that TV bright to the If the connected both the and the connected to with tints when Blackboard using tints. Theatre Application The the the TIP or RGB input: The the as follows. other input:
The appears the when the Press the buttons the or the the increases, the to the the to the and when to the the and The of the built-in as follows. the PROCEDURE If the displayed the the screen each input The the when the that the reached. TIP
This chapter functions the of and to the Advanced Operations the of Functions the "Info" Functions Projection................. A/V the Aspect function...................................................................53 Function Projection of from
You the "Background Color" to the when and from the following three Functions Enhancing Projection This section the that to and sound to played back the and this function when the operations such as selecting while to the where the function activated. when to of This function momentarily the and sound. projected. A/V the to to the A/V function the "Brightness the A/V function used, the "Brightness to the The the EPSON To the to TIP when the [A/V the You the pressed. The and sound then Press the [A/V PROCEDURE Remote
This function the aspect ratio of from to when which recorded or or of from the Aspect This function the The sound and to The back the while from the where without Functions Enhancing Projection The aspect ratio each the pressed. PROCEDURE To the the once You the The then Press the PROCEDURE You this using the command the Remote TIP Pressing the clears displays The function while the function and used. TIP
the pressed, the with the its the pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the You the the This function and reduce of such as and the the to appear the Press the button. Functions PROCEDURE The selected to of Shows ratio To the the button. TIP the to the of the that to the to the or reduced. the Remote
To the Effect function, the The then from the to the the This function the to around This function to of that to the to function operations. the to. Functions Enhancing Projection function You the the to the of the to of three The appear the of the Press the PROCEDURE TIP Remote
This function useful such as that only deactivating buttons operation, or such as to the of buttons that operated. This function the buttons the Function Functions The buttons with the the displayed, selected Press the the from the or the and then If to "ON", of the the the operated. to "ON". PROCEDURE the seconds, and the the about There to the the to "OFF" TIP
The hierarchical with that which further other The to of and to the using the the Functions
Function If to the Brightness that Brightness to Brightness to Corrects the of the The that TV fresher and than using tints. It that or light and when bright, to such to Blackboard with tints obtained each type of or light and when the the You from to the to 6500K. that the surroundings. bright Theatre The commands the commands that apply to the input of the the input that projected. input. the Functions of Functions Computer/RGB (EMP-745/737 only) the brightness. Brightness the light and the the sharpness. Sharpness
7500K Function bright within from (This item selected selected If the lower, appear If the higher, appear bluish the of each R(red), and as the the and tones appear and tones appear to bluish RGB: the and the of the red, and each input the Functions Red: the Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the to their
Function If to the Brightness that Brightness to Brightness to Corrects the of the The that TV fresher and than using tints. It that or light and when bright, to such to Blackboard with tints obtained each type of or light and when the the You from to the to 6500K. that the surroundings. bright Theatre the Functions the brightness. Brightness the light and the the the the sharpness. Sharpness only when or NTSC input.) the tint.
6500K Function bright within from (This item selected selected If the lower, appear If the higher, appear bluish the of each R(red), and as the the and tones appear and tones appear to bluish RGB: the and the of the red, and each input the Functions Red: the functions Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the to their
Function ON when appear the Tracking You the the tracking brightness, sharpness or when or and appear when the interference appear the first and then the when the input Selects whether the function turned "ON" or "OFF". If the EMP-745/737, of the input. commands that apply to the input while The Tracking and the input that projected. The items displayed the the Functions If and the appear that connected to the [Computer/Component Selects the input with the If to the input with the connected "Computer". the vertically and the that appears. Press the the or the and then the Computer/RGB the the to their Press the the or the to their To such as the and the from the
Function If and the appear when that connected to the [Computer/Component Selects the input with the If to the input with the connected input.) the vertically and the that appears. Press the the or the and then the the Functions the aspect ratio when and then the selection from Press the the or the the selection that appears. to the the input.) automatically. Press the the or the to their and the To such as the and from the to their
Function ON the to If the function detecting the and correcting "ON" or "OFF" when the to something other than this This function when the "Projection" vertically. selected. correction the sharpness correction the If the text of the Corrects become the Functions OFF the to "ON", the operation the If the the function the to "ON", the of buttons the exiting the seconds. The of the that appears when the the selected from the following three Shape the country of purchase) This the to of Select the too bright such as when or selected, the brightness of the reduced, the amount of electricity and reduced and the operating Brightness
Function (EMP-745/737 only. Can only when with built-in amplifiers. Select the to Select the to output the sound from Select the to sound when using the sound from the built-in EasyMP.) the Functions the to their select"Reset from Press the the or the To such as the and the to their when the of or that of MPEG *The to played back Card
ON Function This related to the or when the when the [A/V the To the to own whether of the following turned when the switched when the switched input to or input incompatible input the Background Color: "ON" or "OFF". The input. the Functions ON Background Color: If the Protect" function of Protect Protect function these from to or or from to "ON", the or to the To the to whether the or EPSON Protect" function of Protect to "ON". and then follow the instructions the Protect function recording Press the the or the recorded the that appear the ("OFF") the Protect" function of Protect to "ON". the Protect This from ("ON") to function the Records
Function Select when the front of the Select when the front of the Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from the and from the the the Rear Projection the Functions Direct ON: OFF OFF off the then the cool- "Direct ON" to "ON", the the connected, This related to operation. without to the Direct ON: and then displayed. (The lights the when to and then the to "ON", and If the connected to the to operations when "Direct ON" to "ON", the Projection when the while the then the cool-down finished, the the restored. pressed. input.
Network OFF Function to "Network ON" to and To the the off and to "Network ON", the functions and the function while the and then disconnecting the and the the cool-down finished. (EMP-745/737 only) the Functions country of purchase) English OFF "Background Color" to or to their Protect" to to "OFF", the and "Operation" the to their "ON". To the EMP the off whether the EMP software and the cool-down finished. or Press the the or the and then the selection. the displays. Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the
Function 0H appear when the input the input or the input which currently projected. Source the reached, the the operating both "High Brightness" and Brightness". characters appear red. Hours The "Info" shows the the The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of Computer/RGB the Functions "Info" appear when the input the input or EasyMP.) appear when the input the refresh or service to or the appear when the input "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Informations this that Instructions/World Warranty Terms or appear when the input Computer, RGB or EasyMP.) the Refresh Info Rate
Function To such as or Hours" and to or to "OFF", these to their when their "Background Color" to Press the the or the The items to their from the respective Protect" to "ON". the Functions selected, the operating to the the operating this command
Press the to the selection of Confirm the selection. The operated using the or the the Functions the The appears. Press the PROCEDURE the and or buttons the to to the item to Select and the the Remote
the the and or buttons the to to the to and then the Select and the the and "Info" the input that The items that the projected. the Functions the to the the to the or the If the when items with displayed, the that item the The to Currently-selected item the displayed. the and buttons the to the to the or right or Press the to the the the and the
to of the of each the Functions Press the the TIP
This chapter to and what to found. Troubleshooting the Reading the Indicators........................................................75 lights red.......................................................... or flashes or the relating to when Other Network (EMP-745/737 only)...................................... to and lights or orange/flashes
displays to the It of If with the the function on-screen and The displayed. Press the the PROCEDURE Press the to the selection of Confirm the selection. Remote and buttons the to the or the Select the Remote Remote
The cleared when the pressed. the operations and to through the to items. the If the function to the to TIP
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three which the operating of the Reading the off flashing lights If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to that they Stop the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Stop using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms or related
off flashing about the switch to the following that the and clear, and that the The off and about the to turn the back If the or them. or (overheating) If this the and the to overheat or the to when the turned the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the Then or the the "International If the back and then the If the If this the using the and the from Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms with If the with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch the and off flashing or flashes that the and clear and that they (This abnormality, the too high such as automatically.) High-speed cooling If the clogged, clean or them. or Warning
off flashing If to the the the that the increase. the with as as The the the or the with off flashing lights or orange/flashes or Warm-up seconds. the flashing. Warm-up You the from the outlet when the light this Projection when the pressed. or Normal cool-down finished and the sounded and the The while cool-down the The cool-down about seconds. to light the operation. Please Cool-down If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the previous or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the following TIP
If of the following and the offer to the each when the completely the completely the appear relating to The The The when turned off (EMP-745/737 only) sound heard or the sound Other such as interference, or white appear. Can switch to the [Source Search] The "Not Supported." displayed Interference or appear The displayed or or of Projection The whole appears purplish or performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear right of the displayed. appear
to and when with the The and using the EMP function EMP-745/737 You from another when EMP NS found established or wired LAN Network displayed, or the displayed when EMP Microsoft Office Network the as correctly with EMP The slideshow when the Network slideshows played back with Network Screen Network Screen
The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. both switched off? Press the to the the pressed? relating to appear If the to "OFF", to "ON" that displayed. displayed, to the item that it indicates. to "OFF"? If or connected to the the to the the correct? Press the [A/V the to the A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the that supply the correctly? when when from of the buttons the ([Computer], or Press the of the to switch to the Can switch to the [Source Search] the from the when from
this Press the to the If operations about while input. The the command to "ON", the off to used, the to "OFF". "Operation" to "ON"? to the with the and of the from the of Displays" If or connected to the the to the the correct? when The "Not Supported." the match the and of the when from
or the [Source Search] the or the to Press the [Computer], or [EasyMP](EMP-745/737 only) the the that of the securely connected. the correctly? Turn the the the the or turned the input selected? The displayed If the while the already turned the function that switches when the externally, they the to Turn the the and title such as or "Connecting to the to as as the If the only to the LCD or to the accessory the off and then back appear the LCD or accessory Turn the the to the the correctly? the to the when from or with built-in LCD or of the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the the off and the to If the from to or the The recommended the that within this the the Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the too the cover. the cover attached?
If or connected to the the command to the the correct? that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Interference or appear when from If used, interference the the accessory and this used? Press the the or the the to If the correctly the the and "Tracking" the that the that with this of Supported Displays" the selected? the and Tracking correctly? when projecting and RGB
the or the the to If other than RGB from or RGB input, If the correctly using the function, the If RGB from or RGB projected, the the manually the command. manually the command. Press the the to the function. Press the the the correctly? the correctly? the the function? or about of the the To the whole of If activated the of the the the the off the the the that the that with this of Displays" the selected? when when
the the "Computer" the the with If or RGB to the [Computer/Component and If to the [Computer/Component and Select the the connected with red. the input match the from the connected right If or connected to the the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the Intensity" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. Intensity", "Tint" the to the the correctly? the "Brightness" to the brightness. "Brightness" the to the "Contrast" the brightness correctly? the correctly? the intensity and correctly? when from
the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the brightness and "Brightness" the "Contrast" to the "Brightness the brightness and correctly? the correctly? appear The connected correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. of the switched off? the nearly the become and the become this the should with the Alternatively, the to supplied. Press the to the the when There the or the the If this the the the from the outlet and the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the off and when the touched?
the to the to If the EMP-745/737, sound through the built-in when the to sound through the that the connected to the correctly. the connected correctly? sound heard or the sound the to (EMP-745/737 only) Other The operating the and the the light-receiving vertically. Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. A/V active? The operating the approximately the that sound heard. the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? the too from the the to the The the to "ON". the to the or buttons the the when the the to "OFF" the to "ON"? the location where light the light- while that they the around. the or the correctly? the sunlight or light from light-receiving The
If the to "Network ON", the to the cool-down finished. The when turned off (EMP-745/737 only) the to "Network ON"? "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the the If using the function while the the to "Network ON". that the wireless or wired LAN correctly the of the and Cards" the wireless or wired LAN that the connected correctly. If connected or connected incorrectly, the connected correctly? to and Network (EMP-745/737 only) when with the the to correct? to "Network ON"? connected to wired LAN the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the that the connected to tripped. to the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide or the the momentarily If the Warranty Terms causing the to momentarily
"Connecting Access or Wired LAN the EasyMP Network the the that the wireless or wired LAN correctly the of the and Removing Cards" the wireless or wired LAN that the network connected correctly. If connected or connected incorrectly, the connected correctly? The and the EMP function the connecting to connected to wired LAN "If You would to Uninstall the Software" and Software" the Uninstall EMP and then Network the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the outlet that the connected to tripped. to the If using the EMP function while the the to "Network ON". the the EMP that to and the to "Network ON"? EMP function correctly to the terminate the and to the establishing from If the and the unknown, terminate the the the from the and then the button the from the already to another the to the first If the or the known, to If try to to from while Network and the the from the and then To terminate the from the "Disconnecting from Network the Network terminated and the then to the terminating the the Network the and from another the the the without closing the
that the wireless or wired LAN correctly the of the and Cards" the wireless or wired LAN that the connected correctly. If connected or incorrectly, the correctly? If the off, the wireless LAN and and Cards" EMP NS found the of the wireless LAN that the to wired LAN whether the LAN functioning the other terminology such as the of the wireless LAN to wireless LAN or Wireless LAN the Network the wireless LAN the to (such as to to Network while the displayed. the to to the the DHCP function of the wired LAN to "ON"? the ready LAN or in-built LAN functionality to used? the wireless LAN the to the the connected to wireless LAN easy If the that LAN the to EMP NS selected, otherwise to EMP NS and the from the "Switch LAN" or "Network (Macintosh) "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the DHCP of the wired LAN to "OFF" the the to the highest intensity. Please the wireless LAN. features of which the there within the If wireless LAN wireless LAN? the the wireless LAN to low-intensity? the selected correctly EMP NS connected to wireless LAN
or used. You conforming to other (such as or If easy WEP to "OFF", otherwise WEP to "OFF". "Connecting (Wireless LAN)" the Network the LAN or WEP to "ON" the the ESSID search function, or the ESSID the or and the that they the "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the ESSID correct? "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network If DHCP of the manually. If "WEP" selected the "Security" the WEP the or and the to the "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network WEP the the established or wired LAN such as the MAC and the of the correctly? the and the correctly? the IP and operating Turn off the to the or ESSID to that there BUFFALO to the ESSID Select IP EMP NS and using IP If Connected Appear the easy the the and the there BUFFALO operating
the the displayed, or the correctly. Network Screen or wired LAN to easy when WEP or or used. Network or the trying to the or or wired LAN wireless LAN WEP or to If DHCP when or when connecting to wired LAN, to to DHCP to to. of the the the such something to EMP NS playback. If the EMP NS while played back, or the and the such as or and restoring slideshows back Network or wired LAN DHCP when wireless LAN EMP NS or the or of while slideshows displayed correctly with OS to of the operating back slideshows with OS or the with Network If when already to slideshows. slideshows played back with Network trying to Network when using OS
Network when firewall other than NS Protect using firewall? Microsoft Office Network the as Network Screen that created or edited EMP the that Can Included the the constantly? as the the Stop the when the the JPEG information about Microsoft Office JPEG installation, to the the Microsoft Office. correctly with EMP displayed, the Microsoft Office JPEG or thumbnails trying to created the
to If the the and Network the to to displayed. If this try closing EMP NS and then restarting If the to DHCP the IP to If the IP within about seconds the displayed, from EMP NS displayed Network automatically. the security software the and the the Turn the the the and then the "Search the EasyMP. Carry the following. the the that displayed the and that Select the of each the and the button. Network Select connecting from the or the turned Incorrect the the Click to the to the The to the other Click to to the The the and the other You to to already connected to another terminated. affected. "If You would to Uninstall the Software" and Software" the Uninstall and then EMP NS Network to EMP NS The selected to
If the the closed and the occurred the and the and the If the attempted. If the the the and the the Network closed. Communication occurred. to "Connecting the and the the Network The when trying to to with the the and the the input the network the and the One or to when to to To to the that to terminate the and If The connected used. Network the There responding. One of the to EMP-735. the of the to SXGA or lower. the the and the the Network the the the the and to If the followings. the the following: to information. network and One of the connected with the SXGA. and retry. the the that displayed the and that the the
that "Wired LAN or "Access LAN)" Next, the "IP Address" the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" and specify that IP when connecting IP If "Connecting or Wired LAN the the the to connected. the wireless LAN If the the and the to "Access it to Connected Appear the the Network of the specified IP The of the connected to the to higher than XGA Clicking the However, the of the Clicking aborts the To the the XGA or lower. The of the connected to the to or higher. Clicking the the PC higher than XGA to than NS to to the to free to the The to which free and the the Not enough It to already the the If displayed, to the EMP NS from EMP the **.SIT already
the the EMP the to another the the EMP the the selecting or search the the The of the to found. This the following reasons. "Search or function or other The the containing the path. or of the already the or the and or directory The containing the free and the the containing the to free allowing the to The to to the or and used. the incorrect the If the the WEB the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" The incorrect. the including the while from EMP Next, the "IP Address" the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the that "Wired LAN or "Access (Wireless LAN)" IP the EMP the the to connected. If If the the and the selected the "Wireless LAN" the to and specify that IP when IP the Network "Access to the of the IP
of ESC/VP21 Commands........................... Command USB USB This chapter information to the of performance from the Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the the Appendices of Supported Computer/RGB Specifications.................................................... Appearance........................................................ Optional and Optional
If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them than this the operation and shortening of the service life. Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and You should clean the becomes or the of to CAUTION Cleaning cloth using to the Then containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with with cloth. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the CAUTION If the or the reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with the TIP the with or the to shocks, as easily become commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the These the to such as or thinner to and the coating off. Cleaning the CAUTION
of to the brightness and The to appear the following continuously high brightness: Approx. hours continuously brightness Approx. hours "Brightness of the TIP The the appears the when This section to the and the It to the when: If to the this the of the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should appears, the with as as becomes the ready displayed. the flashing Flashing The or to
the cooled then the It hour the to cool While the the cover to cover from the of the the cool-down finished. the cooled sufficiently the If the of which the cover. It further hour the cool-down If the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the finished the to cool enough. that the the CAUTION the fixing screws with the screwdriver that with the (or head the fixing screws. screwdriver). sounds, and then the and Turn off the the cool- The about seconds. PROCEDURE
the cover the and then the other of the clicks the cover. If the with or the as shown the below and further If the yourself, to of and of the the off as the the securely. If the cover the The mercury. of properly the or the with correctly. TIP the that the fits the correctly and once the screws. the
Select from the and then the Therefore, the counter to the operating the operating reaches The built-in counter which of the the warning to displayed. with You this the the TIP Select and then the The operating then replaced, otherwise the indicated the operating the correctly. the turn the and then the The displayed. Remote PROCEDURE
the covers from the and them the they If the or the reappears they The the cleaned, they should replaced. Turn off the the cool- the PROCEDURE of properly with ABS Polyurethane TIP sounds, and then the The cool-down about seconds. and the of the and the to
Select from the and then the TIP You the that currently as recorded, the previous erased. PROCEDURE If the Protect" function of Protect" to recorded. To Protect" to "ON", displayed and the "OFF" first. If correction or they when the selected. TIP the that would to as and then the Remote
displayed. the to and the to the of the to as the and then the The to recorded and selection the or the the of the to the Select the then the TIP the the or the the their from the of the projected, or with that projected, the change. TIP to
The then Once the the and then the "Completed." displayed. the Select the and then the the or other which connected to the (about seconds). the while the otherwise Once the operation. to the factory TIP Select the the and then the
from the Please to of to the this The following optional purchase This of optional as of of to without when the to mount ELPMB18 Optional and this to the hand. You the ELPKS16 Soft carrying roll-type Aspect ratio ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Optional as ELPAF08 as ELPLP32 This the as the accessory VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 this the accessory too VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 when the high or with ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 to ELPKC19 ELPKC27 to OHP and ELPDC04
The following of of the this which or which the text of this Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without to input 5BNC This that centrally user authentication. using authentication of user information and authentication centralised. authentication high-level authentication and they to Authentication Compatible This security wireless Inc. It RADIUS authentication. Several authentication CCX, and this CCX which the brightness and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM which the and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and LEAP authentication. This the which the cooled become through Cool-down when the to off the the while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down to normally, the and internal high and this the operating of the or with the of the Cool-down of This assigns IP to connected to DHCP sound Normal which which to this and photographs with (which to to such as of Format, which to infomation concerning the of memory DPOF
software that allows the to connected to that the to the the software and instructions the software and please the EMP 21L ESS of Service The ESSID with counterpart With computers, the ESSID as the that "computer-to-computer" wireless LAN. Wireless with ESSID numbers. ESSID High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or aspect ratio of HDTV (router) to Gateway from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which displayed displayed Interlaced MAC of Access The MAC ID to each network assigned to each based this MAC of whereby the from from top to to LAN using RADIUS and user information centrally without of including wireless RADIUS authentication that RADIUS Remote Authentication Service. It that authenticating information such as usernames and and functions such as authenticating to wireless to information each when there wireless LAN. RADIUS One of the authentication It usernames and authentication without using LEAP of that that connected to IP The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Security This function to allow that than or than the to that they the whole of the
international that that which easily operating (OS) and the This of Network It TCP/IP and the such as routers, computers, and terminals the SNMP This which from the IP the of of assigned this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as type of with of which IBM computers. SVGA which the and to It to which of and C (the of the If tracking correctly, The from and RGB If the match this the of The of matching the of these appear the Tracking type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA The from and RGB If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the synchronized, such as and interference (synchronisation) Integrity This WPA The of to to the TKIP Universal USB interface to peripheral which only relatively USB the and with the This of Wired Privacy. This security which the WEP. WEP type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. UXGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA This the IP of the SNMP. Trap IP
type of with of which IBM computers. XGA Protected Access. This that security which of WPA WEP TKIP as the
<At <At Connector USB (type B) USB command to the the the command, and the If terminates with the and the to the turned and then the to of ESC/VP21 Commands Command *The [USB A] (EMP-745/737 only) as USB (type B) Command Item SOURCE 1F SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF selection of the commands, (CR) to the MSEL Black MSEL MSEL A/V Selection
The the the cool-down and confirmation sounds. CAUTION Download the USB (USB-COM from the EPSON to The URL as follows. to the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following of ESC/VP21 Commands USB PROCEDURE the downloaded USB the instructions displayed the the 21L" the to "ON". Once the turned back sounds, and then the cool-down and USB then the Turn the off.
Aspect ratio Aspect SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) Refresh of Supported VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA Refresh Computer/RGB Aspect ratio Aspect ratio HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Refresh XGA SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV SXGA the VGA The of the However, functions supported. HDTV
EMP-732 EMP-740 EMP-737 EMP-745 Product XGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) including TFT active inches Specifications 240W 4W Approx. Approx. UHE W, ELPLP32 (light 100240VAC 2.71.1A supply +60C +35C 1W Network ON 35W Network OFF: 4W 240W Connectors TM DNX ICs this USB (type B) USB (type A,B) USB PCMCIA Card Computer/Component DIN RCA The USB to correctly with Supported Memory Cards Card CompactFlash (using PC SD/MMC PC Memory PC PC ATA
The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition Community CSA C22.2 UL60950 Third Edition USA Specifications IEC/EN61000-3-2, IEC/EN61000-3-3 The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class Community EN55024, FCC Class USA ICES-003 Class EMC AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New
Appearance of Units: 3-M4 from of to fixing
interference to and reception, which the outlet from that to which Class to of the FCC These with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the user to to This tested and found to with the interference installation. This or reception. there that interference and and, and installation. If this the or technician to reasonable protection Increase the the and receiver. the interference or of the following FCC United States or the the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers the FCC or Declaration of this the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and and interference which the established connected to interfaces. or the the authority to than interface The of non-shielded interface to this shielded interface with this If this WARNING the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR Operation to the interference, and this interference received, to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS: Located :EMP-745/740/737/732 of Product :EPSON
EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Copyright2003 Networks Inc. rights Other of Inc. the and NT of Microsoft IBM of International and of their respective owners. EPSON Macintosh, and of Apple of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of this software based the of the and DNX of Inc. of United States of America and other Corporation the United States of and rights those This software. JPEG Group. Notice: Computer, Inc. Corporation. or or Neither mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information rights of this publication reproduced, from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON or incurred the purchaser or third as repairs, or to this or the to the purchaser of this or third of: or of this or unauthorized operating and instructions. products other than those as EPSON SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Copyright