of the The of the detected, that the corrected.( the from the and that the projected. people the the obtained disconnecting and reconnecting the computers. manually. The selecting the from the following to the used. other necessary. Normal Meeting Theatre You to through wireless to from the using wireless (Network function) If memory without (CardPlayer function) The with footprint the of B5 (D) (W) (H) (D) (H) and light easy to carry. its the high with high of beautifully clear bright The accessory operations such as and of EMP-735
the This chapter the the and Functions Rear......................................................................................................... Remote the the Remote and Remote the Remote Remote the and Connecting to Computers Projecting from the If the If the 5BNC If the Sound from the the to the (Wireless Function)................................................................. Connecting to Source Projecting RGB Sound from the
and Functions the the PC Card or memory and with PC Card Access The of memory the PC indicated coloured lights that or off. foot and to the cover when the to the from becoming or light- from the (Warning) Flashes or to with the EMP-735 or lights to the operating of the Security and other from the the the also. Foot Another foot located the right Press both foot buttons when and retracting the front foot and to the
and Functions the and off. [Source] Scrolls through the input (Computer/Component EasyMP) each this pressed. whilst displayed, the item that currently selected. the to Press to manually whilst displayed, selects items the EMP-735
and Functions Rear to the from other the RCA this to the from other the Computer/Component from and from other cover this cover when the the Remote light- from the the accessory when using fixing the optional mount when the from the EMP-735 using USB the to the USB
and Functions Remote buttons Press these buttons to back and forth through of when using the as wireless or of when CardPlayer. buttons [Comp/EasyMP]: Switches from the Computer/Component and the Switches the input from the and the or the the of that the buttons the as wireless these the the to the that pressed. or displayed, these buttons items and displayed, these the the to the that pressed, and items, items, buttons, and selected. this to to the when to "OFF". Comp/Easy MP [ESC] the function. the previous or whilst Acts as right-click when using the as wireless displayed, this finishes or the and displays the and Remote light- A/V ESC EMP-735 the and off. Selects the The the of Normal, Theatre, and each the pressed. [A/V Momentarily off the and the or the the of without the of the item or displays the or whilst or Acts as left-click when using the as wireless displayed, this item or selection, selects item or and the and
the the Remote and the the first the that from the the pulled the used. the Remote The the following Procedure the light-emitting of the light-receiving the and the buttons. allow sunlight or light from to directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the If the of the or that the If this the with the the the back of the that light-receiving (front) A/V Remote light-emitting Comp/Easy MP A/V ESC EMP-735 Remote light-receiving (back) ESC
the Remote the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the vertically from the vertically Remote light-receiving Comp/Easy MP Comp/Easy MP Remote light-emitting A/V ESC EMP-735 A/V ESC Within
the The the following four allowing to choose the the to first the Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty Rear of to the from the Please the of purchase to this The optional mount when the to the the or "Rear the "Advanced" to match the EMP-735
Screen and Projection The the and the the Whilst to the below, the that the the the The should as the The and the of about the and the The allows ratio of to about The the about than the the The reduced when correction Recommended Screen Projection from of to of EMP-735 of
Connecting to the to to the following. Turn off the both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of to the or Computers The connected to of or of that the to the below. Condition The that the such as "RGB or "CRT which If the built-in or to the to the or alternatively to purchase to the heading such as "Connecting or further Condition The and of the the of Displays". "Appendices: of Supported Displays"( allow to the necessary, the to that matches the of Displays", whilst to the with the You to purchase the of the to the with the further If the and too from each other the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 PC "Appendices: Optional Accessories" EMP-735
Connecting to from the The and of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. If the the accessory to the Computer/Component the of the to the of the to "Computer" selecting the If than to the the [Source] the or the [Comp/EasyMP] the to the as the input the and the otherwise interference or operation To (accessory) EMP-735 To Computer/Component
Connecting to If the 5BNC the optional VGA-HD15/BNC PC to the Computer/ the of the to the of the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" to "Computer" selecting the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Comp/EasyMP] the to the as the input the and the together, otherwise interference or To VGA-HD15/BNC PC (optional) EMP-735 To Computer/Component
Connecting to If the workstation-type commercially-available to the Computer/Component the of the to the of the to "Computer" selecting the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Comp/EasyMP] the to the as the input the and the together, otherwise interference or workstations the workstation further To (commercially-available) EMP-735 To Computer/Component
Connecting to Sound from the The built-in with of W. To the of with from the built-in the of the and the the rear of the with of the following commercially-available 2RCA To To the following to the of the sound Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the the and buttons to the The increased or reduced each pressed. the the button to the Advanced About [ESC]: Advanced About [ESC]: Select EMP-735 Tone Tone
Connecting to the Remote to the Function) You the as wireless to the the To this, the accessory USB to the USB of the to the USB the of the XP Edition/ USB USB (accessory) XP Professional USB USB (accessory) (OS 9.2/X/10.1) To USB To USB the as wireless the and buttons the to back and forth through when The USB only connected to with USB interface. If using which the of Edition/XP Professional installed. If the of Edition/XP Professional that from earlier of operation guaranteed. It to the function of both the and operating to the function to used. the the further Applicable USB (accessory) EMP-735
Connecting to Once the the operated as follows. the Press the or to the the of the pressed. Right and Press the [ESC] Whilst holding the the or to items. Release the to the items the If the button the the operation of the buttons The wireless function whilst the or displayed, or whilst the function used. Comp/Easy MP A/V ESC Comp/Easy MP A/V ESC Press the If the the of Comp/Easy MP Comp/Easy MP A/V ESC EMP-735 A/V ESC
Connecting to Source the to other the following Turn off the both the and the them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or Projecting the accessory RCA to the to the the of the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the the to the as the input To To RCA (yellow) (accessory) EMP-735
Connecting to Source (commercially-available) to the to the the rear of the If than connected to the the [Source] the or the the to the as the input the optional to the to the Computer/Component the of the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" the the to or If than connected to the the [Source] the or the [Comp/EasyMP] the to the input to or the type of input. To (commercially-available) To (optional) EMP-735 To To Computer/Component
Connecting to Source RGB RGB when RGB that protection input and projected. the accessory to the to the Computer/Component the of the the the to "Computer" RGB or might required. To RGB To Computer/Component (accessory) EMP-735
Connecting to Source Sound from the The built-in with of W. To the of from the built-in the of the and the the rear of the with of the following commercially- 2RCA the following to the of the sound Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the the and buttons to the The increased or reduced each pressed. the the to the To (commercially-available) Advanced About [ESC]: Select Advanced About [ESC]: Select EMP-735 To
Operations This chapter operations such as turning and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Connecting the Turning the the the Focusing the the and Correction Function......................................... Manually Correcting Distortion the Quality.............................................34 the the Selecting the
Turning On the Turn the to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Connecting the Procedure that the turned off the and connected to the the or other to the the cover. the top of the cover and to the cover. the accessory to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to earthed the lights The and operated whilst the flashing EMP-735
Turning On the Turning On the and Procedure that the flashing and Turn the connected to the the the to playback necessary. Press the the or the to the the The flashes flashing and lights steadily, and the lights normally about seconds to The both the and the operated whilst the flashing the the appear. EMP-735 from flashing to Comp/Easy MP A/V ESC
Turning On the If than connected, the or the buttons to the which the that to connected to, whilst to the following Computer/ The each [Source] pressed. The items selected the command the appear. If to EasyMP, to and If only connected, the from that without to of the buttons from the If the the If or with LCD connected to the the straight the that the to externally. The following shows of to to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or NEC IBM If the of the become burned the You should leaving the displayed to top-right of [Comp/EasyMP] EMP-735 Remote Comp/Easy MP the that Mirroring active A/V
Turning the Follow the below to off the of the Procedure Turn off the the that connected to the that the connected turned off. Press the the or the The following appear. If to off the the or buttons. If the seconds. (The off this Press the once The switch off. The and cool- The cool-down about seconds. (This factors such as the cool-down the lights The and buttons operated whilst the flashing flashing. OFF? Press Press other EMP-735 Remote Comp/Easy MP flashing and lights A/V
Turning the the from the the from the outlet whilst the flashing otherwise and reduce the operating life. the front they Gently the whilst the foot buttons. The when first turned off. Please the cover. the cover to the when the to the from or dirty. EMP-735 Foot cover
the You and the to the the The of the basically the from the to the The following procedures to the once the The function of the Procedure Turn the the to the The this to the If would to the further, the further from the Focusing the Procedure Turn the to the Turn the of the the If the of the or as of to the correctly. If this or the If the the of to the If the the EMP-735 Turn to "T" to reduce the Turn to "W" to increase the
the the and Correction Function The should that as to the as from the from of If to the to the You or the front to the with of the and projected, to appear the this reason, the with the correction function" that this the as as the of within correction the with the turned below EMP-735
the This when the turned to the "T" If the turned to the "W" the of become correction when the "Rear" or commands the "Advanced" to "ON". If would to further correction the the correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness If correction the to "OFF". Procedure Whilst the foot the front of the that the front the front the obtained, and then release the foot buttons. To the front the whilst the foot buttons. If the the of the front to the foot Foot buttons EMP-735
the Manually Correcting Distortion The with correction function which the of the and correction automatically. If further correction correction the buttons the to the Procedure correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness correction using the If the displayed the the when correction that the correction exceeded. that the which the If the of the If the top of the elongated elongated EMP-735
the Quality The of the as follows. the of the from the connected and these that the obtained. It of the following three items: Tracking and If the to "OFF" (the this item "ON"), If the the whilst then If the whilst the or function or whilst or displayed, the function when the and then the the correctly the type of the such the commands to the tracking and manually. Remote ESC EMP-735
the Quality the Tracking If appear the and this to the tracking manually the following Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the Press the and to the tracking that the the The tracking increases or each pressed. the the to the The when tracking this Advanced About Brightness Sharpness [ESC]: Select Advanced About [ESC]: Select EMP-735 Tracking Select Select ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal Select ON OFF [Normal
the Quality the If or interference appear that input from the and this to the manually the following Procedure Press the the and then from the this operation, to the Press the and ]buttons to the that the or interference the The increases or each pressed. the the to the If the without the tracking first, to the Incorrect tracking noticeable with of with of and to incorrect tracking clearly, to the tracking first. It to and the brightness, sharpness and correction Advanced About Brightness Sharpness [ESC]: Select Advanced About Brightness Sharpness [ESC]: Select EMP-735 Tracking Select Select ON OFF Tracking Select [Normal Select ON OFF [Normal
the Quality Selecting the The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily the selecting the that to the The of the which selected. to the If the connected both the and the connected to Normal Brightness bright their tints, with Theatre tints. Brightness bright Procedure The as follows each the the pressed. Normal Theatre The appears the top-right of the each the The the as follows: RGB or input: "Normal" or input: "Theatre" The using the the Application EMP-735 Comp/Easy MP A/V Normal
Advanced Operations This chapter the of and to the Functions Projection................................39 A/V Projection of the the of "Advanced" "About" the
Functions Enhancing Projection This section the that to A/V This function the and sound. when to of operations such as selecting whilst this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where the function activated. Procedure Press the [A/V the The and sound then Press the [A/V the to You the "A/V function the to the appearance when the and sound to of the following three The EPSON as the To the to the EMP-735 Remote A/V
Functions Projection This the The sound without The back the whilst and to from the where Procedure Press the the The then To the the or the [ESC] button. Pressing the clears displays and The function whilst the function used. this the function the EMP-735 Remote A/V
Functions Projection Projection of the This function the aspect ratio of from to when and or or projected. which recorded or Procedure Press the the and then "Aspect Ratio" from the this operation, to the Press the and buttons to the aspect ratio to or and then the the the to the Advanced About [ESC]: Select Advanced About [ESC]: Select EMP-735 Brightness Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio Brightness Sharpness Select [Theatre Select Aspect Ratio
Functions Projection This function and reduce of such as and Procedure Press the the indicating the the to appear the the to the of the that to or reduced. Press the and buttons the to the pressed, the with the as its pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the bottom-right of the You around the the and buttons. To the the [ESC] The selected to of EMP-735 ESC ratio
the Functions The to of and The hierarchical with that which further other The to the to the the Advanced About Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select Select ON OFF EMP-735 [Normal
the Functions of Functions The the from and whilst input. The which appear the the type of input the Functions which the input Advanced About Select Function the and Press the and the the that appears. Tracking when appear the when or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness or You the the tracking first and then the Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal Select ON OFF EMP-735
the Functions Function Brightness the the light and the Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness emphasised. bright their tints, with Theatre tints. Brightness bright Selects the input to used. Select "Computer" to and RGB Selects whether the function when the input turned ON or OFF. the functions the to their Press the to the and Select to to their *If to the the the "Advanced" to 6500K. EMP-735 Normal ON
the Functions Advanced About Select Function Position the vertically and Press the and the using the that appears. Brightness the brightness. the light and the (Not RGB the the only when or NTSC input.) the tint. Sharpness the sharpness. Brightness Sharpness Select Select Aspect Ratio Advanced About [Theatre Select EMP-735 Brightness Sharpness Select Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio
the Functions Function Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness emphasized. bright their tints, with Presentation: Theatre using tints. The white function operates that and of that or bright, to them to Brightness emphasized. bright when input.) Selects the input to the used. when input.) the Press the and choose the from the selection which appears. to the automatically. Aspect Ratio the functions the and to their Press the to the and Select to to their *If to the the the "Advanced" to 6500K the aspect ratio EMP-735 Theatre Not
the Functions Advanced About Select Function Brightness the brightness. the light and the Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the Normal Brightness bright their tints, with Presentation: Theatre tints. Brightness bright the functions the to their Press the to the and Select to to their Brightness Sharpness Select EMP-735 Normal Not
the Functions Advanced About Select Function the Tone the the to their Press the to the and Select to to their The individually each input Tone EMP-735
the Functions Advanced About Select Function Corrects correction the become If the become appearance correction the sharpness the function correcting when the of the to ON or OFF. This function when the "Rear and commands the "Advanced" to "OFF". If "Rear or to "ON", this selected. the and background such as when input. to "OFF", the background becomes and displayed. To the to Prompt whether the input displayed the ON or when the input whether the the ON Prompt or when the A/V the when the [A/V the pressed. To the to ON OFF OFF Black Prompt ON OFF ON OFF Prompt A/V Black ON OFF EMP-735 ON Black
the Functions Function the when input. to "ON", and then the cool-down finished, the to operations whilst the displayed. (The Powerindicator lights when the the or the pressed. the to their Press the to the and Select to settingsincluding the and their EMP-735 ON
the Functions Advanced About Select Function Records Press the and follow the appearing the EMP-735 EPSON
the Functions "Advanced" Advanced About Select Function whether the or To the to the and intensity of each RGB each input bright within from to bluish If the lower, appear and tones appear If the higher, appear bluish and tones appear Press the and the the that appears. RGB Press the "R" (red), "G" or "B" and the the that appears. (This item selected selected as the the Rear when from to "ON", the reversed. when the to to "ON", the and vertically reversed. Screen ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF 21L ON OFF Network ON Network OFF Select [English] EMP-735 ON OFF OFF
the Functions Function whether the "EMP software or If off the and cool-down then The when the Software" the Instructions/World Warranty Terms this to "Network ON", and of the from to the the If the off the once, and then the cool-down the turned the the the and Press the and the from the selection that appears. the "Advanced" functions the to their Press the to the and to including the and to their EMP-735 OFF Network OFF English country of purchase) Not
the Functions "About" The "About" shows the the The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of Computer/RGB Advanced About Select Function the operating the reached, the characters appear red. the operating this selected, the operating to the the input which currently Source projected. the input appear when the input or the appear when the input RGB or the and appear when the input or SYNC the polarity. Polarity appear when the input or 0H Source RGB SYNC SYNC Refresh Rate Advanced About Select EMP-735 0H Source 0H Not Not Not Not
the Functions Function SYNC the attributes. appear when the input or the input appear when the input or Refresh Rate the refresh appear when the input or EMP-735 Not Not Not
the Functions Advanced About Select Function items to their Press the to the and Select to the the items each The and to their EMP-735 Not
the Functions the The operated using the only. Procedure Press the the The appear. Select Press the or to to item to selected. Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of The selected then displayed. Select Press the or to to item to selected. The items appearing the and the "About" the type of input projected. EMP-735 Remote A/V Advanced About ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF 21L ON OFF Network ON Network OFF Select [English] ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF 21L ON OFF Network ON Network OFF Select [English]
the Functions Select The currently item shown Select item to using the and buttons. The item selected displayed selection, the to the selection. The item to items which another to when they selected them. If such items and the then the the which appears. to of the of each Select other items the to to the other items. To to the [ESC] the Press the EMP-735 ON OFF RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF 21L ON OFF Network ON Network OFF Select [English]
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the the Indicators..........................................................62 (Warning) the Network
the If with the the function on-screen displays to the It of and Procedure Press the the The displayed. Select If using the the buttons function as the and If the the and buttons to Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of the operations and to through the to items. You the the If the function to the to the Indicators" or the EMP-735 Remote the the sound selection If the the the from the outlet and Select Remote appears the The distorted. The the off/ too too The of the The too The Select ESC A/V ESC
the If with the first the The with the following These to with operation. The following what the and to that they or (Not The should when the this Press the to Cool-down (Not Please The cool-down about seconds. You the Press the cool- (Not Warm-up Please Warm-up seconds. the flashing to steady Warning EMP-735 flashing
the (Warning) or High internal (overheating) The turn off and about without operating the about the and then the following that the and clear, and that the If the should cleaned. the back the to its the the or the to back If the to overheat the or the when the turned back the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty Terms EMP-735 flashing
the or If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the from the outlet and then the and If the Then the and the the or the to the back If the using the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms High-speed cooling If the with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely installed, the switch (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which ventilated, and that the and clear. Clean the EMP-735
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear of or of the (Large/small) The right appear appear (Nothing appears) appear the turned off and then straight back the turned off cool-down the the and the cool-down finished. You then the buttons. active? to "ON", the off operations whilst input. The lights this the button? the brightness correctly? "Brightness" A/V active? the completely input such as completely input? If the to "OFF", displayed. to or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. of the appear appear red- sound heard The The turn off EMP-735
the appear appear) "Not Supported." displayed the the which to the of the from the to the with the and of the output from the the connected correctly? the input match the connected the [Source] the (or the [Comp/EasyMP] or the to the the the or turned If or with LCD connected to the to the to the rather than to the Normally to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or It to the the from the once, and then the If the the from the and or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty EMP-735
the of or The of the of The whole of the correctly? the cover attached? the front that the too If the too the of vertically. the the The recommended from the to the within the that the within this the to the the dirty? the If the from to the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the off the and the to the Tracking and correctly? If the the to "OFF", the the to these If the correctly the function and the the manually using the respective the correct? If or RGB connected to the the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the the to the EMP-735
the interference the connected correctly? the selected? the that the that with this to the with the the Tracking and correctly? If the the to "OFF", the the to these If the correctly the function and the the manually using the respective used? If used, interference the the accessory and this the correct? If or RGB connected to the the the to the which matches the If or connected to the the the to the EMP-735
the of the displayed (Large/small) of the displayed the "Aspect Ratio selected correctly? the "Aspect the to the aspect ratio to the function to the Press the [ESC] the to E- the correctly? the the to the selected? the that the that with this to the with the the the or with LCD the that the displayed the whole of the or the to only. the If activated the of the connected the about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further EMP-735
the The right the brightness correctly? "Brightness" the connected correctly? the correct? If or selecting and then the when connected, the appear red-purplish. If "Computer" selecting and then the when connected, the appear greenish. the correctly? "Contrast" the correctly? "Advanced" the intensity and correctly? the the nearly the become and the become this the should with connecting to The exactly match the the the or LCD this and the of EMP-735
the appear appear greenish/Images appear red-purplish sound heard the the nearly the become and the become this the should with the brightness correctly? "Brightness" the correctly? "Contrast" the correct? If or selecting and then the when connected, the appear red-purplish. If "Computer" selecting and then the when connected, the appear the correctly? the to the A/V active? The A/V Press the [A/V the to the A/V EMP-735
the The The turn off the pressed) the light-emitting facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the approximately and approximately vertically. Comp/Easy MP A/V the too from the The operating the ESC sunlight or light from the light-receiving the there the the the correctly? The This that the when the turned off. The switch off when the disconnected from the The cooling the to off the the cool-down this, the to steady and then the from the The cool-down about seconds. The the EMP-735
Network when with the the correctly connected to the that the properly connected. If the connected, or incorrectly connected, please properly. the connecting to correct? the Network "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the to "Network ON"? If the function while the the to "Network ON". "Advanced" causing the to momentarily the momentarily If the or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms to the the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the that the connected to tripped. The and the EMP function. the correctly connected to the that the properly connected. If the connected, or incorrectly connected, please properly. the connecting to correct? the Network advanced "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the EMP function correctly to the Uninstall EMP and then Software" and "Uninstalling Software" the that to and the the the and EMP the EMP-735
Network to "Network ON"? If using the EMP function while the the to "Network ON". "Advanced" to the the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the that the connected to tripped. You from another when the the the without closing the If and know the "ESC" the and the the which displayed. Then the the which displayed. EMP NS found LAN the of the LAN the of the and that the Network stand-by displayed. If LAN the Network stand-by displayed, please the wireless LAN and the and Cards" the the of the wireless LAN the yellow? If the off, the wireless LAN and and Cards" the If wireless LAN the by? the Network stand-by If this displayed, "ESSID the advanced "Connecting the EMP-735
Network If wireless LAN the and to the ESSID (Network Please the to the ESSID (Network as the Please the to the ESSID (Network as the If there ESSID the of wireless LAN, "ESSID used. this please Click the the top right of the Select the ESSID from the pull-down which displayed. "Connecting the the Network Network advanced displayed the Network when Network advanced displayed. Please to the Network stand-by "Connecting and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the the LAN or in-built LAN functionality to used? Please whether the LAN functioning the If wireless LAN the wireless LAN the to Select the of the wireless LAN wireless LAN to as "Wireless LAN or to the LAN to selected the EMP NS Switch only) If the LAN those which selected from within EMP NS used. Please this LAN from the "Switch LAN" EMP NS "Connecting and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the If wireless LAN there within the features of which the wireless LAN? only) Please the wireless LAN. EMP-735
Network the wireless LAN used. You conforming to other WEP to only) You WEP to OFF. Please the WEP to OFF. "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the established Access or wired LAN If Access the and to the ESSID (Network the ESSID (Network selected. Please both the and to the ESSID (Network Click the the top right of the Select the ESSID from the pull-down which displayed. "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the the and to the WEP only) the WEP the WEP the and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the the functions of the such as the MAC and correctly? Please the the the IP of the and the the and the correctly? If DHCP, please that the match both the and the "Connecting or Wired LAN the the of the and the Please IP EMP NS and IP "What the You Not Appear?" the EMP-735
Network the type of only) or ESSID selected? If trying to type of to there instances where used. Conversely, becoming the that "ESSID If the of wireless LAN both please ESSID wherever If using ESSID there operating nearby? there to the ESSID, operating Please off the to the or ESSID to that Network Screen displayed or the trying to the or the the Player displayed, or the displayed correctly. Access or Wired LAN using Network Access or Wired LAN to WEP or to only) when WEP or or used. DHCP when Access or Wired LAN If DHCP to "ON" the Access advanced or the Wired LAN advanced and DHCP found, the screen to the Network stand-by slideshows back Network only) trying to Network when Please the connecting with Network If when already to slideshows. EMP-735
Network Network using firewall? Network when firewall correctly with EMP trying to created the created or edited using the EMP once and then that Can Included the or thumbnails displayed, the Microsoft Office JPEG the JPEG information about Microsoft Office JPEG installation, to the the Microsoft Office. from EMP NS to to to re-establish If the LAN the and the Network Network the concerning the Network "Connecting and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Incorrect the displayed the the displayed the stand-by of the and that Select from the Select the of each the and the "Connecting and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the The selected to You to to already connected to another Click to to the The the and the other terminated. Click to the to the The to the other affected. EMP-735
Network to EMP NS Uninstall and then EMP NS "Uninstalling Software" and Software" the Communication occurred. to occurred the and the and the terminated. Click to If the LAN the and the Network Network advanced the concerning the Network "Connecting and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Click to disconnected and this One of the connected with the The when trying to to with Check the stand-by the "Connecting and "Connecting Access or LAN the to information. and the following: the the the the the and try to If the LAN the and the Network Network advanced the concerning the Network advanced "Connecting and "Connecting Access or LAN the SXGA. and retry. the of the to SXGA or lower. There responding. One or to when to to The connected used. To to the that to terminate the and If the LAN the and the Network Network advanced the concerning the Network advanced "Connecting and "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the EMP-735
Network the the the displayed the stand-by of the and that of the specified IP that the "Access or "Wired LAN the Network Network advanced of the to Access or Wired LAN to Next, the "IP the advanced or Wired LAN advanced and specify this "IP when connecting IP "What the appear?" the If the LAN the and the Network Screen Network advanced the concerning the Network advanced "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the PC higher than XGA to The of the connected to the to higher than XGA Clicking the the of the Clicking aborts the To the the to: XGA or lower. than NS to to performance affected PC higher than XGA or than Doyou to (Macintosh) If or "OK", the performance EMP-735
Network from EMP already the It to already the the Operation Not enough The to which and the the to to the the path. the containing the The of the to found. This the following reasons. the the EMP the to another the the EMP the The the selecting or search the using the "Search or function. while the including the The containing the and the the containing the to free allowing the to the The to to the or and used. or directory or of the already the or the and EMP-735
from EMP The incorrect. incorrect the If the the WEB the Network Network advanced the to the of the IP that the "Access or "Wired LAN the Network Network advanced of the to Access or Wired LAN to Next, the "IP the Access advanced or Wired LAN and this "IP when connecting IP "What the appear" the If the LAN the and the Network Network advanced the concerning the Network advanced "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the EMP-735
Appendices This chapter information to the of performance the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the Battery.......................................................................................... the the the Optional Accessories........................................................94 of ESC/VP21 Commands...........................................95 Command USB of Displays.................................97 Computer...........................................................................................................97 Specifications Appearance......................................................................101
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become EMP-735
Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the Whilst the to the from the If the to clean or should replaced. with The should when the replaced. EMP-735
This section to the battery, the and the the Battery the following type of as CR2025 lithium to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the battery. Procedure the Whilst the catch of the the the and the battery. the of the the to that that the the the the clicks. of with regulations. EMP-735 Catch New
It to the when: The appears the seconds when the (Warning) flashing The or to The warning to appear about hours of to the and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The warning appears about hours of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready. displayed. Flashes EMP-735
the the cooled sufficiently the cover. It further hour the cool-down finished the to cool enough. Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the cooled and then the cover from the of the It approximately hour the to cool the cool- finished. Whilst the the cover to the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the or screwdriver to the fixing screws that the to the EMP-735
the the the the to and from the the the that the to the and then the it clicks and the fixing screws. the cover. the cover the and then the other of the cover clicks the securely. If the the off as the the or the correctly. New included with The should when the replaced. of properly with EMP-735
the The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the to displayed. Therefore, the counter to the with You this the the to the operations the operating the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. Procedure the the and then the the The appear. Select from the "About" and then the Select and then the The operating then EMP-735 Remote A/V 1400H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate YES NO
the Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. The the the the and the to the the and then the clicks of properly with EMP-735
You the that currently as the to the operations recording recorded, the Procedure the that would to as and then the the Select the and then the If correction or they when the selected. Select the and then the button. the pressed, cleared. the when with other than those of of this and when projected. The to recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to Press the and buttons to the of the to as the and then the The that Advanced About Select [ESC]: Select EMP-735 the as YES NO [ESC]:
Select the and then the Select the the and then the Select the and then the The then Once the the the completed." displayed. the (about seconds). the or other which connected to the whilst the otherwise operation. Once the to the factory EMP-735 Select this YES NO [ESC]: Select the [ESC]: Select as YES NO If the [ESC]: Select
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without Soft ELPKS16 this to the hand. ELPLP18 as ELPSC06 which easily.(Aspect ratio ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type screen.(Aspect ratio VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 to the to VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 this the accessory too VGA-HD15/BNC PC ELPKC11 to the to with 5BNC ELPKC19 to mount ELPMB10 when the to plate ELPFC03 inches)/silver) ELPFP04 inches)/silver) ELPFP05 inches)/silver) ELPFP06 when the to high or with ELPDC02 ELPDC03 ELPDC04 when OHP and ELPST08 This the as the accessory of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this EMP-735
of ESC/VP21 Commands Command to the the command, the and the command. there with ON PWR ON ON/OFF selection ON MUTE ON A/V ON/OFF A/V Selection Item Command OFF PWR OFF SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE OFF MUTE OFF Black MSEL MSEL MSEL EMP-735
of ESC/VP21 USB to the ESC/VP21 commands, the connected to of USB The following to USB Procedure Download the EMP software from the EPSON to the used. the software, please the The USB (USB-Com downloaded together with the software, this USB the that to used. to the EMP that together with the software instructions the USB the 21L" the "Advanced" to "ON". Turn off the the cool-down the connected to the and then Turn the the Once the turned back USB then EMP-735
of VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA text SVGA XGA SXGA UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV HDTV the VGA It to which the functions with such Refresh PC98 VESA SXGA SXGA EMP-735
of Supported SDTV (D1) HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) SDTV SDTV (D2) TV(NTSC) TV (PAL,SECAM) Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio EMP-735
Specifications Product EMP-735 (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) including inches Polysilicon TFT active XGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP18 (light 1W supply AC, 2.6A AC, 1.2A +35C +60C Approx. Connectors Computer/Component The USB interface with the USB The USB to correctly with RCA DIN USB:* USB (B EMP-735
Specifications USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class EMP-735
Appearance M3X8-3 EMP-735 Units:
responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA :EPSON of Product :EMP-735 ELP-735 EMP-735
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the EMP-735
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and of Apple Computer, Inc. IBM of International Corporation. and NT of Microsoft Corporation the United States of America. of of this software based the of the JPEG Group. The freely TIFF written Copyright and Copyright Graphics, Inc., and writing the TIFF Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those This software. Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION EMP-735