Information About EMP-7100/5100 Please the following information about EMP- Warning: the when the switched as the bright light the when it Warning: covers the the and covers. the injury. as specifically directed this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the Information
EMP-7100/5100 EMP-7100) UICK TART front foot foot Function and off. or the Switches from to Switches and and from to Automatically the graphic from to Switches the and (EMP-7100 VGA, SVGA and SXGA input, EMP-5100 VGA and XGA input the off the graphic from these buttons to whenever the or These buttons operations to items. <Left>/<Right>(tracking/tracking+) Matches the internal clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to whenever there the These operations to selection. operation
EMP-7100/5100 Connecting to PC PS/2 Connecting to or MAC UICK TART PS/2 PC ADB MAC MAC Function or the Automatically the graphic from to Switches from to Switches and and from to Effects Function buttons which assigned the ELP II software that with the the when the connected to the with that with the ELP Communication II. Click clicking of the right selection, the Switches to or user Switches the and (EMP-7100 VGA, SVGA and SXGA input EMP-5100 VGA and XGA input Custom the function assigned the ELP II software that with the Switches to the off the Turns and off. Click clicking of the selection, the Remote MAC
EMP-7100) C
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, copied, recorded, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. EPSON of Corporation. Notice: Other only and or of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those or Copyright Corporation.
Introduction lightweight EPSON EMP-7100/5100 allows to XGA (EMP-7100), SVGA (EMP-5100) and The to three PC or Apple such as or connected each XGA (EMP-7100) and SVGA (EMP-5100) of (EMP- (EMP-5100) The bright that easily with enough light to from the 2W+2W which built-in that and connected when further AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization of from with touch of the AUTO and easy of The using with switching and The as wireless to operations the The ELP LINK II software that with the of that to effective. The AIrR (Advanced which XGA (EMP-7100), VGA~XGA (EMP-5100) as as VGA and SXGA Whichever type of used, the of clarity. The EMP-7100/5100 IBM-compatible and as as Apple and computers. The NTSC, PAL or SECAM
the of Introduction The with of that allow to the the and To the of this section summary of the features. Remote The the allow to the and off, to and switching. Remote and to the The instead of to To the as wireless the to with the and to To with from the to with the and to the to with the that with the ELP II that the as The electricity turning off the the input specified the the the turned off, conserving electricity, cooling the and the of the the to the and off.
Optional To of the EPSON the following Carrying the and its Both and ELP II and MAC to to another which when the directly with the You purchase these from EMP-7100/5100 Optional
Instructions Additional or to to Warning: to Introduction These graphics throughout the to to information about the EMP-7100/5100. follow these instructions when and using the the trolley, or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the type of or electricity the three-pin earthed properly earthed If to the with the following when the to or fire. the free of that the the securely. leads or boards as this fire or shock.
the where the as this or to the or the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or built-in provided. of through allow of to the as specifically instructed this to service this yourself. or covers to and other servicing to service the or to the or top of heat-emitting or heated such as the following the from the and servicing to service A. If the or becomes or B. If or to or C. If normally when the operating tions or clear ance indicating the servicing. D. If or the Instructions
Where to World Introduction SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION and service through nationwide of authorized EPSON and Service please the the section service the of this technical to and its If with software please to the that with the technical If to the and World users to Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON Corporate Info and EPSON Con- to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chart To with EPSON around the world, EPSON includes Information EPSON
Transporting The and To shock while as the followings. when to to troubleshooting the If the the cushioning around the when business the carrying then firm cushioning. EPSON the when carrying or carrying Transporting
Remote information Introduction The EMP-7100/5100 operated (IR) receivers located the front of the The to commands the following The light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following The them. the lighting and/or the of sunlight. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Switch off other that computer-based directly from the containing of the
his chapter to and and to other The connected to or such as or
Unpacking the of the following when the cover Remote AA MAC MAC MAC ELP II PS/2 MAC PC MAC ELP II ELP II
Warning: the the and optional of the reach of the head of child death suffocation. Additional Items of the items to the the It should its or the The following items required, to the input each This normally with with to purchase the
The the right of the the of the MicroSaver anti-theft which purchased or the to These items should from that the with that
the the within of the or the the from the The the and the the the below to the inches inches) inches inches) inches) inches inches) inches) inches inches) inches) inches inches) inches) inches inches) inches) inches inches) inches) inches inches) Turn the that the right to the If the correctly the crooked. from the to the the
Warning: the when the There that the might though The light from the It that should allowed to the Installation of the to the the other to earthed The should indicated To the the off the cover as shown below. the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover.
Connecting to batteries, the following and batteries. recharge or to fire or as as they If the the with cloth. If them immediately. the the You the to of SVGA, VGA, SXGA and XGA (EMP-7100), SVGA, VGA and XGA (EMP-5100) VGA, SVGA and SXGA (EMP-7100), VGA and XGA (EMP-5100) found of the of this IBM PC or IBM or Apple including and Apple with including and Connecting to
Connecting to PC that the and both turned off. of the to the The when connecting the from the and the other of the to this If necessary, the of the to the the of the to the Mouse/Com The Mouse/Com when connecting the PS/2 to the the of the the from the the back of and the of the PS/2 to the If to the ELP II software, of PC to the PC SERIAL the of the the other of the PC to the the back of Tighten screws to that to the ELP II software
PS/2 Connecting to PC If and the instead of the PS/2 PS/2 that the and both turned off. of the to the The when connecting the other of the to the If to or the the that with the to the the of the to the Mouse/Com The Mouse/Com when the PS/2 to the the of the PC Connecting to Remote
PC PS/2 the from the the back of the and the of the PS/2 to the the back of If and the instead of the PS/2 If to the ELP II software, of PC to the PC SERIAL the of the the other of the PC to the the back of Tighten screws to that to the ELP II software PS/2 Remote
Connecting to that the and both turned off. the DIP switches of the MAC with the to the from the and to the of the screws the of the to the of the of the to the The when connecting If necessary, the MAC to the and the with the to the the of the to the Mouse/Com The when connecting the MAC to the the other of the the from the MAC of the and the of the MAC to the MAC If to the ELP II software, of MAC to the MAC SERIAL the of the Connecting to
ADB or MAC Connecting to the other of the MAC to the or the back of Macintosh. screws to that that information. that the and both turned off. the DIP switches of the MAC with the to (which with the or own) such as to the of MAC MAC MAC
the of the MAC to the the screws the MAC and the of the to the of the MAC which connected the the other of the to the The when If to or the the of the which connected the to the MAC and to the the of the to the Mouse/Com The Mouse/Com when connecting the MAC to the MOUSE the of the the from the and the MAC to this If to the ELP II software, of MAC to the MAC SERIAL the of the the other of the MAC to the or the back of You or which with This the of the or Connecting to
ADB or MAC MAC Connecting to Source The with You this to or other to the The or If RCA If four-pin You to both and the the selects the To the MAC Remote MAC
The NTSC, PAL and SECAM and the to Chapter that the then to only type of The type of to the to the tor whether or the with the tor. the and with or from Switch off the and they If RCA-type the with the EMP-7100/5100. If to YOUR OWN or the S- that with the yellow RCA of the to the the other yellow RCA to the the (The and white infor- mation about yellow A/V yellow Connecting to Source Remote
Connecting to Source of the the the other the The three of and input The input which the and which the right If to with only to the of from Switch off the and they of the to the the the other of the to the the
of from Switch off the and they of the to the the the white the and the the the other of the to the the the white to the and the to the right white Connecting to Source Remote white A/V
Connecting to or PA Though the internal enough or connected to the RCA-to-3.5 or to the to or PA These items obtained from to that both the and turned off. the to the the other of the to the or PA to the RCA to the right and the white RCA to the The function the internal It the of (white) (red) RCA/3.5 Computer Remote
the his chapter the following information about Turning and off the the Checking the of the
Turning the On and Warning: the when the This It that children allowed to the the when The light from the the to the the and its attached the following than or or PA the turning The operation while and then light to that If or attached to the the or from the attached It least seconds turning the appears. the shown to off the and other the to off the tor, the and the operation about as the The (and when the cooling
The that turned back while the flashing the the cooled and the the EMP-7100) and appears the to and whether fits properly the To the of the the which the the To the of the the the clockwise to the and counterclockwise to operation front foot foot the Screen
This foot locked. You to rotated. the If to or the the or the front foot the of the While the and the front of holding the located below the the foot release This the front foot, allowing to and freely. that the this While the foot release and the the the Release the foot release to the front foot its the foot the back of the to the of the
AUTO If using input from the AUTO the to the Pressing AUTO the input to the Press the AUTO while the the of input with AUTO such the to The allows to the of input from With to XGA EMP- and SVGA EMP-5100, and with as to the the of the or to of the With than XGA EMP- and SVGA EMP-5100, to of the or to the The with XGA EMP-7100 and SVGA EMP-5100. AUTO
the the Normally the the The buttons the allow to the following: Switch and off. of the Switch input of and and the the the receivers located the front and the back of the
The of the buttons To to the as the to with the with the ELP Communication II To the the receivers located the front of the You the to from the to the the the buttons the operation located top of the the
Click the Remote Click
Function or the Automatically the graphic from to Switches from to Switches and and from to Effects Function buttons which assigned the ELP II software that with the the when the connected to the with that with the ELP Communication II. Click clicking of the right selection, the Switches to or Switches the and (EMP-7100 VGA, SVGA and SXGA input EMP-5100 VGA and XGA input). Custom the function assigned the ELP II software that with the Switches to the off the and off. Click clicking of the selection, the the
the Function Turns and off. or the Switches from to Switches and and from to Automatically the graphic from to Switches the and (EMP-7100 VGA, SVGA and SXGA input EMP-5100 VGA and XGA input). the off the graphic from these buttons to whenever the or These buttons operations to items. <Left>/<Right>(tracking/tracking+) Matches the internal clock to graphic (tracking these to whenever there the These buttons operations to selection.
Checking the of the The with and tion These the of the that warning of serious what action when lights or flashes. operation and Flashing The Flashing The too and turned off. Checking the of the
the Projection off. Projection Flashing The Flashing reaching the of its and and should with Flashing The cooling. Projection reached the of its and the with Flashing Projection or supply
the allow to the following: the brightness, synchronization, and and of the and mouse/serial locking the brightness, tint, and of the the and Select rear mount, switching and (Option Assign to the Custom (Custom to their factory
Accessing the the Press the to the the Press the to the The currently selected item highlighted the
the to the and then the Click or Click to the You the the and <Down> buttons and then the to the You when the input or when the input
the displayed the the or the and <Down> to the item Next, the or the and <Right> buttons to to the of the To to the from the the item the and then Click or the button. You the the The following the items the
(Computer) With the allows to related to and the wireless POSITION Select this item and then Click or the to the While the the or the <Down>, and <Right> buttons to the the finished, Click or the to to the TRACKING Matches the clock to graphic this to from the SYNC with the from the this whenever the or to from the BRIGHTNESS or the Increase brightness to the or to the CONTRAST the light and areas. Increase to light and or to the the light and of the
COLOR the of the input MOUSE/COM and the Mouse/Com Selecting wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com the input switched to the wireless the connected to Mouse/Com only. RESET items to their factory the Select this item and then Click or the to the While the the or the and <Down> to Next, the or and <Right> buttons to the selected Increasing that the while the finished, Click or the to to the Selecting wireless to the connected to the Mouse/Com Selecting the to switch wireless whenever the input Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to the items.
If and then Click or the to clear the without The allows to related to from BRIGHTNESS or the Increase to the or to the CONTRAST the relative light and areas. Increase to light and or it to the the light and of the SATURATION Increase to and or to and TINT (NTSC only) the of the Increase to or to red. MODE the Normally this should AUTO of the If selection reason, this to manually specify NTSC, PAL or SECAM
VIDEO RESET items to their factory VOLUME the the and Increase the to the or it to the TONE the tone of the and Increase the tone to the or to the bass. SPATIALIZER the Normal sound input. Normal: sound input. More sound input. the Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to the items. If and then Click or the to clear the without The allows to related to
Option SOUND RESET items to their factory Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to the items. If and then Click or the to clear the without The Option allows to basic that normally PROMPT Temporarily displays the to which or the COLOR TEMP. the whiteness of the The white, white, and white. Selecting the item and Click or the displays the or the and <Down> buttons to the to and then the of the and <Right> buttons to the selected high the selected within the while the
REAR PROJ. Mirrors the (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF it off Turn this option when from from the CEILING Mirrors the vertically (top-bottom) and (left-right). Selecting ON while OFF off Turn this option when the tor from the BLANK Selects what should when the to the You or created the ELP II software that with the VIEW CHANGE the to when the input the Press Click or the to clear the and to the Option OFF: effects, to from to right, and expands from to right. Right: from to right, and expands from to right. from and expands from
LANGUAGE Selects the the English, Spanish and LAMP the of hours the used. The of this when the the of its life. this the with as as
Custom Functions the You the Custom to the or function to the Custom You the following or the of the the currently each of the input The four the You the of to and the amount of each displayed. To the Press the the or The appears. Select the buttons the or the the or the Left/Right Click buttons the Press to the Custom The Custom appears. Select the function to assign to the the or the Left/Right Click buttons the Press to selection.
[Presently Selected] appear right to the function to instead of [Select]. (If the function selected already, [Presently Selected] appears.) You finished. *If to the function customized, the to the The and buttons when the other its function the other buttons and the function If appears the or function Press the the (Switches to the each the Click] the pressed. to four each the [Right Click] the pressed. reduced to If partly of the or vertically to its the the The function the the (The to previous Press the the The to (This seconds.)
Press the the the The four each of which shows the currently each of the input The switched each the [Right Click] the pressed. (Each input flashes the The function closed the Click] the Next the selected displayed the The function the the (The to the shown the function used.) The selected the the top
Press the click] the once. The started. (If the of to they the of to the click] the back to the The function the the (The to the shown the function used.) To the of and the Press the [Right click] the once. The appears. the of and the the Press the [Right click] the The closed.
Counts of Pressing the Click while displays of the counts and the You the count to or and the from to RESET ALL this the to their factory the Press the Click to clear the Select this item and then Click or the to the Next, and then Click or the to items. If and then Click or the to clear the without
ELP II
Introduction ELP II To the ELP II software, of the following (English) (English) (from This instruction to ELP II. The ELP II related to the One the function which to the sound, from and to the which the The other function the function which to the through and to the effectively or the
to IBM and IBM Please to the section Connecting to this Please to the section Connecting to this to
to IBM and IBM ELP II the with the ELP II software [A]. (It A.) The ELP II software to the the command from the the The appears the [A: SETUP.EXE] the [Command and the [OK] The [A] the (the which the with the ELP II The ELP II while. Follow the instructions the to the installation. the termination appears, the [OK] to the installation. If the software the group. This Please to Instruction
the with the ELP II software the The ELP II appears the the then ELP II appear. Copy the to with action. To to ELP II, the the ELP II software, and the to used. Please to Instruction to
Starting and exiting ELP II ELP II To ELP II Double-click the ELP II to the First appears, then the ELP II appear with reduced Double-click the ELP II Click the ELP II the the that the ELP II. the ELP II ELP II appears the screen.Double-click the then the ELP II appear. If the ELP II another ELP II from the This the ELP II to the front. To ELP II Click the or from the to the If the ELP II. First the then ELP II.
Screen and ELP II Screen consists of Option and ELP II and the Machintosh Terminates the aplication. [Option] Activates the function. the and sound and the or the [COM Selects the connected to the Select of from COM1 to COM4. functions and [About ELP II]: the information applications. Function The following function straight and Cursor Change: the to the Clear: the and
ELP II Function the function to the buttons, the and writes to the currently the the the function to to buttons. the property each function. the currently selected with the function to the buttons. the function to the buttons. the buttons. the function and the Switches the buttons from to Property: It the function. the function to the with [OK]: Activates the property the property and Reads the the
As]: the Terminates the function and the functions and terminology. [About ELP II]: the information applications. Switch]: Switches from to Switch Switches from to automatically. Switches to the Switches the Activates the function. the [Brightness the brightness. the the the sound. and terminates the the function. the the and the the property the and displays the currently selected. The other Terminates the to the functions and the terminology. and
the function ELP II [Computer] [Brightness]: the brightness. the the displayed [Color]: the each color(Red, to their the select. the and [Brightness]: the brightness. [Contrast]: the [Saturation]: the [Tint]: the (NTSC only). Selects the to their the select. the functions and terminology. [Sound] the sound effects. to their the select. the
and [Option] To]: Selects the appears. appears. [Source Prompt]: Temporarily displays the to which or the Selects the type of [Rear Select when to the from back of the the right and Mount]: Select when to the from the the of the the turned Selects the to switch the Turns the off. The from top to right and the switched appears from the top to right to Right]: The to right and the switched appears from The from the of the and the switched appears from the the life. to the the currently selected. the and the Function Assigns such as to the buttons of the [Preview]: the which connected to the and
ELP II the of and the amount of specified. Counts]: the of the to their Selects the to the select. the functions and Selects the to with of the the created with graphical the of the You the select. the functions and *Macintosh: (pict) the type created with the created as the Creates and the the Editing the the [Download]: Writes the to the the the created.
the functions and Reads the or existing user Specify]: Selects the to the [BackColor]: Selects the background the clicking the [OK]: the Editing Screen and to the the the and to the and terminology. Property the H: the of the (white becomes white). M: to the (white becomes white). L: the of the (white becomes white). the of Red, and the property the selected. the functions and Red: the of the of the function
the function and exiting functions ELP II Select the function from the function and and to the to Click the function from the function and the to Then the function the to which assigned the function. To or the function, the or the or the right Macintosh). function the currently and the of the the the appears. the and the [OK] the with the previous Press the to the The appear. Select to the The the from the function
of Each Function straight the Clicking button once the colors:Light Red, White) Clicking the the appears from the to the when the Not the function
ELP II the Clicking once the colors:Light Red, White) Clicking the the appears from the the when the The from the to the of
the Clicking once the colors:Light Red, Yellow, White) and vertically. The and right/left the The of the clicking the button. Colors (Light Red, Yellow, White) Clicking the the appears from the the when the Not the of Not the function
ELP II the currently the The to the Cursor the the to the assigned pressed, the immediately to the Cursor Clear Clears functions the assigned. the currently the assigned.
and operating the function the function the while the active, the displayed the displayed the they pressed. You such as Pressing the [Clear] the currently the [Backspace] or they as other the (The the edited.) The of the the the appears the This consists of Computer, Sound, Option and [Computer] Brightness Tracking You the the to the each The immediately the The displayed to the of the to the the to the right increases You the the to each The of the the of the arrow. the function
Brightness You the the to each The immediately the The to the of the to the the to the right increases AUTO usually selected. You NTSC, PAL or SECAM. [Sound] You the the to each The to the of the to the the to the right increases [Option] Option ELP II You the of The to the of the to the the to the right increases You the sound STEREO input only). Normal: Expands the sound. Expands the sound than Normal OFF: sound reproduction. To]:Selects the appears. appears. [Source Prompt]:Temporary displays the to which or the [Install]:Selects the type of Rear when to the from back of the the right and
Mount:Select when to the from the the of the the turned Change]:Selects the to switch the the off. Diagonally:The from top to right and the switched appears from the top to right to Right:The to right and the switched appears from In:The from the of the and the switched appears from the Hours]:Displays the life. to the the currently selected. the function and the Function: You assign the following to the to the with the the [Preview]: input the of the of and the each of the to the the functionality and the function
Initial the ELP II You the which the the Select or to them. If to directly or the and from the The the which the created graphical The of the the should The the the memory consists of read, background write and downloading to the the memory function, the displayed. this the of the and the from the the and displays the the
Switches to the [Download]: Writes the to the the Through the the specified the You the from or the and to the and terminology. the the the appears. The consists of reading specified the user the and background Reads the or Specify]: the to to the to [OK]: the and to the the and to the and the function
Property the white of the white, and white. The each Red, and selecting the Color. Selects the property. the currently selected. the user and to the and terminology. ELP II
Warning of the covers the the and covers. the as specifically indicated this to service this yourself. servicing to service You should the or appear the You to the located the of the periodically. It to the which necessary to cool the and from overheating. The should the and the If other replacing, EMP-7100/ or service cleaning of the switch off and the first.
Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the the with lint-free cloth. To or the cloth with and and the To clean the first the To or the casing with cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinners or other as these the casing to The which located the of the should cleaned hours of If cleaned cally, become with and the from properly. This overheating and the
the with the the top to from the To the Switch the off and the from the the with the the top that the easily the of the cover with Cleaning the
the The attached to the of the cover. To the to and other office If lint-free cloth. If the to or the torn, with EMP or EPSON Service to the the back the The typically about hours of the whenever of the following to purchase the its each characteristic and the too or though the reached the of its life. Whenever the REPLACE LAMP appears the when the Whenever the flashes and to that the reached the of its life. Whenever the lights or the to light.
to the operating incorrect information. Warning: Allow the to cool becomes enough to EPSON only Switch off the and the from the screwdriver, or to the screws the cover. You these screws. the screws off the cover. the
screwdriver, or to the screws holding the You these screws. the and the screws
the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or when the Gently the lowering Tighten the screws the cover and the cover screws. the cover securely The off the cover the should the attached to the the
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information what to with the It the following with the to this section the tor and to what the warning lights indicating. with the to this section or the of the If to the section and follow the which apply to If of the tions the EMP-7100/5100 or the EPSON Service
with the Troubleshooting If with the first the tors the off. and Flashing The Flashing The too and turned off. off. Flashing The Flashing Projection reaching the of its and and should with Flashing The cooling. reached the of its and the with Flashing or supply
The following and what should when them. The light the supply, that the securely connected to the and the to that the cover securely closed. The light The and to replaced. The operation red. The overheated. The off this the cools off try turning back the the and back of the to they If they the to the If the to overheat the to servicing the cooling or internal circuitry. service The flashing red. There with the internal that servicing. service The red. The reached the of its and to replaced. with the
Troubleshooting The flashing red. the with and the back If this the there with the internal that servicing. service to the that specifically covered this
with the or Sound appears the to that the operation and both and that the cover from the to that the the to this off to that the correctly selected. the or the or to another The from the of the what type of producing. NO SIGNAL appears the to that connected to the that selected input of the to that the or that connected to the to that the correctly connected to the If the input than automatically off and with the or Sound
Troubleshooting The or of the or of rotating the to the to that the the from the the to the screen and the the and the and that using the and <Down> buttons of the the or the cleaning the The properly. the to the and If the to the intensity and sound the muted. the the or operation to that the turned the to that the connected securely to the and to that the selected. selecting the or the or operation
Technical Specifications of Thin Transistor (TFT) of inches) EMP-7100 EMP-5100 to to inches) Projection inch to to Remote
Technical Specifications Aspect ratio ratio 150W ELPLP04 Mechanical (with and Height inches) inches) inches) (EMP-7100) (EMP-5100)
VAC and VAC AC Rated (EMP-7100) VAC 2.9A, VAC 1.8A, (EMP-5100) VAC 2.7A, VAC 1.6A, Operation: to to C) to to C) Operation: to RH, to RH, C)
Technical Specifications Supported (EMP-7100) The displays of To higher the the to The following the the Format PC VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA MAC MAC MAC MAC TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) The of allow the to correctly.
Supported (EMP-5100) The displays of To higher the the to The following the the Format of PC VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA MAC MAC MAC TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) The of allow the to displayed correctly.
PC98 PC/AT DOS/V Technical Specifications Supported (EMP-7100/5100) The following the the Format PC98 VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 VGAEGA SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA MAC MAC MAC MAC MAC NTSC PAL SECAM Only the and the shown the the CLK EMP- EMP-
and and assignments The and RGB The RGB The assignments both as follows: input input input GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SDA input input SCL Several graphic and boards which the ID to the attached type with DDC these and boards. Clearly as DDC graphic and boards only.
Technical Specifications
Brightness. The of light and type of that and information Contrast. of the the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and NTSC. the National Committee. NTSC North America, and PAL (Phase New and of Africa.
of the amount of measured inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of which and SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa. type of interface that wire. The connected the switched off. this the LED lights If the the switches off and seconds the
service EPSON (UK) LIMITED Hempstead HP2 7TJ United EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON DEUTSCHLAND GMBH F.R. EPSON ITALIA S.P.A S. (MI) EPSON IBERICA, S.A. EPSON HONG KONG LIMITED Building Harbour EPSON ELECTRONICS TRAD- ING LTD. (TAIWAN BRANCH) 10F, E.Road, R.O.C. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE LTD Tower EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street NSW