Projection Functions and the EasyMP.net Software Troubleshooting Others
to that the following items included the when the and from the items found to with The NL with or cover. Cord RCA RCA USB (Yellow) (Red/White) PS/2 PS/2 MOUSE PC EasyMP.net 16MB Compact CD-ROM (this Card+Card PC SERIAL EasyMP.net Warranty Card Accessory MAC MOUSE MAC SERIAL SERIAL MOUSE Remote 2AA the (three-cell batteries)
IIII clear Clarity clear bright areas, of newly-developed high Compact and light easy carrying around. (approximately The three-dimensional Y/C and smooth motion I/P DVI-D that with DVI-D input This connected to The EasyMP.net function, strong with to with the the memory the PCMCIA to the from nected to LAN.
IIII this displays of this and the to that the correctly and to to and other and to to property. Explanations these displays below. that they reading this that death or Warning that or to property Includes and Indicates reference to the of the termsthis and this this The this and this appear this and these cover the with the and other optional products. *The and apply to when the this
IIII Precautions and the following to of the If of the following switch off the supply immediately, the from the and or The of or such as to or sound emitted. or the of the the or the of operations these the outbreak of fire or shocks. Repairs should attempted the The to the should other than service The of the high-voltage that the outbreak of fire, or other other than that displayed. The of other than that specified the of fire or shocks. the of the Cord. The Cord with the conforms to the of the country of purchase. If the to other location, the and of the country and purchase that to that countrys specifications. Cord. to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. that the following strictly to the Cord. heavy the Cord. or the that the heaters. or the becomes Precautions Warning Other than those specified
the when the switched light that sight households with when and to these instructions the outbreak of fire or shocks. the following when and too to or to which or other adhered. that the and as as they to or with the Cord when disconnecting and tors. that the or gripped. The includes such as the and If of these should them with to and then or and repairs. or that top of the If the and the outer the of fire or shocks. or or or other the suction and outlets the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the or the battery-operated locations with such as with closed to sunlight, or the of and heaters. to this heat-distortion that would the of the and the outbreak of fire or shocks. Warning Precautions
the or heavy to this becoming aged, or causing injury. the such as or to this becoming aged, or causing injury. or the within the reach of to this becoming aged, or causing the or locations, or locations where would to or such as or near to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the suction or to this the of high the leading to the outbreak of fire. the the following locations. areas, such as or On top of or the with cloth or other Also, that least of the and the that the from the when to used. to this the outbreak of fire. Precautions
that the switched off, the from the and other when the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. to the immediately the tor used. the to cool ciently leaving least sixty the supply switched off attempting this. to this burns or other of the to the and leading to the outbreak of fire, and the following to of or together with that specified the instruction If should from the battery, the with cloth and then the accordingly. the immediately when the arrives. the when the to of apply heat to the or them or that the with the polarity and If that from the off immediately with of with the each that the and nected from their when to this shocks. Confirmation
the of the (+5C to 40C) and the to to the the of the (-10C to 60C) of the to the sunlight of the with the cover The heat the the to become The with high-accuracy and than active that there of of and that constantly nated. Precautions Precautions
This section and and the items that should operating the IIII and Operations Foot Operation Remote Theft-Protection Cover Foot this and Operations
Remote I/O EasyMP.net Rear Foot Rear Foot (suction and Operations
the of Press this when Switches the and (BNC and the Switches the supply and off. [Comp/EasyMP.net] Switches the BNC (RGB) and the EasyMP.net [A/V Temporarily the and sound. Projection when this once or when the or when the displayed. when the A/V Switches the and the when projected. Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the when the of or This functions as the and when the or text displayed. the when with the [ESC] that currently the to the when this and the when appear the and right when this and the item and the the when the or text displayed. (Switches the input to when the when the Comp/ A/V and Operations
I/O the Switch Switches the Computer to or DVI-D the switch with the of or other pointed DVI-D the R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb H/C the BNC the A/V or the RGB Remote the optional (ELPST04). Establishes with the when the EasyMP.net Software that to when the as wireless the from the and A/V connected to the the A/V the from the and A/V connected to the BNC or the only the sound connected and A/V the the A/V the the A/V sound the to when the input from the DVI-D This and Operations R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Mouse/Com Remote
EasyMP.net Network Connector the to PCMCIA Card the insertion of memory cards. USB Used the USB USB and USB to the EasyMP.net the EasyMP.net LAN Card USB and Operations
Remote Remote light-receiving the when the Light when the or when the [R/C ON OFF] switch [OFF]. Temporarily the Press this once to the [A/V Temporarily the and sound. To the once the or the It to the when the A/V function operating. and reduces the of the The the when projected. Press the to this function. [Effect] the allocated function. Press the [ESC] to this (Light)] The seconds. Switches the supply to the and off. [R/C ON OFF] switch Switches the and off. The operations when this switch [ON]. and Operations A/V R/C ON OFF
the item when pressed, and then the to the items when or right. This function operates with the when The when this or right. [ESC] the function used. to the previous when the or text displayed. This function operations with right-hand the when projected. of the and the [Comp1] Switches to the from (Switches to the DVI-D when the switch to the Switches and [EasyMP.net] Switches to EasyMP.net the The when EasyMP.net projected. [P P] the within the or the as sub-screen. This function this once the the of Press this when [Comp2/YCbCr] Switches the from the BNC Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset and Operations
Switches the and the when projected. Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. when EasyMP.net the input Rear Battery Cover and Operations
of Remote Operations the and from the light there where the function. that the within the Approximately to the and right that the R/C ON OFF switch [ON] when the the the light-receiving There where the (approximately of the when reflected off the type of that sunlight and lighting shone directly the light- If the function or malfunctions, there that the this the accordingly. the optional (ELPST04) to of or Rear Approximately Approximately and and Approximately Approximately and Operations Approximately to the and right
the The with the following that of the type used. the Battery Apply to the holding the Battery and then upwards. the that the correctly with the and the the cover. Apply to the cover clicks three-cell (LR6). The should once every three months when thirty and Operations
This section of installation, and the tion and IIII Procedure the and to the the the back of the or the (suction the rear There where or the the when the to this. the location where to the flow from or heaters. the to that there least of the and the cover the with cloths or other The locations that to the and from the front Procedure
from the front with the optional and the to [ON]. from the rear. the to [ON]. with the of the optional and the that the from the to the The approximately and the about the of the the following reference the that the than the Procedure
Projection 30-inch to 40-inch to 60-inch to 80-inch to 100-inch to 200-inch to 300-inch to Screen The the when the If optional to used, to the instruction further The become when the correction function used. 300-inch 200-inch 100-inch 80-inch 60-inch 40-inch 30-inch 81X61 61X46 610X460 410X300 200X150 160X120 120X90 of the from the Procedure
The the of the and right-angle to the from the It to the and with the function A:B A:B from the top or Although the with the foot there where the this the with the correction function. Procedure
This section connecting the to and IIII Connecting the to Switch off the to the and to the There with which established and that though established. First of to that established with the Conditions Condition The with to that the with that such as the [RGB the and the If this, to chapter the instruction There computers, such as combined and that allow or which optional purchased. the there when to switch the with the and the NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with the The shown products. to the instruction further Condition The and of the within the boundaries the chart the the the and shown the chart the (there where Confirm the and with the instruction There that allow the to this the to within the shown the chart the Connecting the to
Refresh Rate PC98 VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM SDTV HDTV (720P) HDTV Connecting the to Used On) Used
the of the Switch off the supply to the and attempting to the to this Confirm the of the and the of the the nection. force when the or of the and and to the the to the the with the supplied. the switch to the (right-hand with the of or other pointed the the the the 5BNC with the with the Connecting the to
the and the together. to this malfunctions. when the the of the to the instruction further There where the optional (ELPAP01) and when to Macintosh. It to establish with both the and the when to connected. the The connected to the with the of the when the connecting the to station. The connected to the with the the the switch to the (right-hand with the of or other pointed Connecting the to the
the of 5BNC connected to the the to the with the supplied. the BNC to [RGB] when establishing the the with the 5BNC 5BNC (optional:ELPKC13) when the 5BNC. to both and when to connected. with the with the first with the Connecting the to
the of DVI-D* to the without displays and mounted the the to the DVI-D with the optional (ELPKC20/21). the with the of the (DVI-D/DFP). the switch to the with the of or other pointed There where the to switch the to the DVI-D. to the instruction the further Connecting the to DVI-D (optional)
Sound The with built-in of outputing of 3W, and to sound from the Connecting the to the to the with the supplied. Connecting the to the to the (RCA with the RCA the established with the and the sound the selected with the RCA the Connecting the to
Connecting It to the with the the to the with the attached to the There where the optional (ELPAP01) and when to displayed when the connected to the DVI-D Connecting the to attached to the
Connecting the (wireless function) This the to operated with the the as wireless the Mouse/Com to the with the and to to PC/AT PS PS/2 (supplied) DOS/V MAC (supplied) to the selection. the USB mounted USB the of the supported. Operations connected to the used. The when the function There where the to to the instruction the further Switch off the to the and the It to the (supplied) USB USB (supplied) USB USB (supplied) PS/2 with the with the Connecting the to
the following operations the established: Press the Right Press the Lowers the The operations the left/right button of the with the The when the displayed, when the Effect, or The of the Connecting the to [ENTER] [ENTER] A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF Remote
IIII Connecting the Switch off the supply to the and to to the The the selected sound. the of the to the with the RCA the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the To the (red) the of the to the with the the the RCA (Red/White) to the the sound to from the To the (white) To the (red) RCA with the To the the RCA with the (white) (yellow) (white) Connecting the (red) (red)
the of the to the with the the that the following supported. R/R-Y G-RCG B/B-Y the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the (red) the the BNC when connected. the with the the BNC to when the established. Connecting the RCA with the G/Y R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb To the R-Y To the To the B-Y the (white) (red) Conversion (three, the
the of the the to the BNC with the optional (ELPKC23). the RCA (Red/White) to the the sound to from the To the (white) To the (red) the BNC to when the established. with only Supports to the D4 The (optional) RCA with the G/Y R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb To the Connecting the (white) (red)
the of RGB the BNC to the with the the the RCA (Red/White) to the the sound to from the To the (white) To the (red) Purchase the that matches the BNC type the and the other matches the the the BNC to [RGB] when the established. Connecting the RCA with the G/Y R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb To the To the To the the (white) (red)
This section and and the IIII Projection completed. Preparations directly the once the supply switched to this the light eyesight. that the Cord used. The of other than the the outbreak of fire or shocks. with the Cover attached. to this the cover becoming to heat. the to and the the Cord to the to the of the and Connector, the the and then as as Connector Warning Cord
the the The operations when the Commencing Press the to the supply. The to and started. The and then approximately thirty seconds. Projection Comp/ A/V the R/C ON OFF switch to [ON] first of when the A/V R/C ON OFF
The appear as follows with the input. EasyMP.net selected. the and when the EasyMP.net displayed. to the EasyMP.net operations when the Select the to which the when than item of connected. Press the connected to the or to switch the input (there where this displayed, the The EasyMP.net displayed. Comp/ A/V the input. the supply switched the first Comp1 The jected. The screen which the displayed. the and the while to the EasyMP.net instruction Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Projection
ConnectedPort [Computer] whenever pressed) [Comp1] (Switched with the BNC BNC (RGB) BNC(RGB) BNC whenever pressed) whenever pressed) of the BNC (BNC (RGB) or (BNC that alternately switched with [Comp/EasyMP.net] and the and [Comp2/YCbCr] the with the BNC Starting Switch the supply to the or If the nected then the [Playback] or buttons. The and If displayed, the once the there when to switch the with the or the establishing the tion. NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU Mirroring with the The shown products. to the instruction further Press the when that DVD players or input. The and whenever the switch pressed. There where of to the [EasyMP.net Instruction further EasyMP.net Projection to Select the top right- of the Unit Remote [EasyMP.net] EasyMP.net [Comp2/ BNC(RGB) Computer1
IIII with the following Swith off the supply to the connected Press the to that the to switched off displayed. Press the once The extinguished, the and the cool- The from to once the cool-down completed. The amount of the cool approximately forty seconds the Press the to switched off. The seconds buttons (the It to the as than the as with operations when the this please Comp/ A/V OFF? Please to off. Comp/ A/V A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
to that the and then the from the the from the when the to this to the and the the the R/C ON OFF switch to [OFF] when the The when the [R/C ON OFF] switch the [ON]. that the [R/C ON OFF] switch the to [OFF] when the Foot Steady the hand, and then the Foot with and the Unit. the cover. A/V R/C ON OFF Foot
IIII the The the following the of the as the while that the facing the right the Foot with and the front of the The Foot from the Foot and then of the the of the Foot to the height. There where the when foot This with the of the correction function. The Foot the Foot with and lowering the higher the Foot
IIII the It to the of the and function to the and function the to the to of The when the If optional to used, to the instruction further the
the when the with foot Press the to the The corrected The corrected correction upwards and upwards The reduced when correction The of correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. correction from the Comp/ A/V the Comp/ A/V
IIII Quality and the of the the to the It to the the or with this clean the accordingly. Correct the of to If optional to used, to the instruction further (when Automatically the to the The items include the and Press the the (the the If initiated when the A/V or tions executing, the function the type of the there when correctly. this the Tracking and The and when the the while EasyMP.net jected. Quality Comp/ A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
Tracking (when when the Press the [Tracking the Synchronization (when when flashing, and the Press the the Calling (when It to and them when required. Press the the The and whenever this pressed. There when these the from the flashing and There where flashing and caused the brightness and synchronization the tracking tracking and synchronization input the such as when The Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Preset Quality Preset
IIII Introduction of Functions The functions that operated buttons when below. Function Reference the of when A/V Temporarily the and sound. A/V A/V the the of the the Effect to the Effect sub-screen to the Preset Corrects correction. correction Automatically the Tracking that appear the Tracking flashing, and that appears the the the Introduction of Functions Unit Con- Unit
This section the effective and such as tions, with this IIII Functions Function The of when sections and below when Press the The displayed. Comp/ Select the Press the the the and the to the Functions A/V HELP the the sound selection(Language) If follow the instructions to the unsuccessfully, the from the and with :Select Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Functions
the the item the the (the the the operations procedures and to and the items. to [Troubleshooting] this the text The the [ESC] or buttons. Functions Comp/ A/V HELP appear the The The The displayed the off/too The of the correct. The too The A/V R/C ON OFF
IIII Cutting It to temporarily and and sound. A/V Function Temporarily and sound. It to the this Press the [A/V The and sound A/V Comp/ To the [A/V once the or the the three of selected when and sound. Black The the and to the Function Temporarily the however, the sound muted. Press the The Press the once to this A/V A/V A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
IIII Switching The and switched when switched aspect ratio of and Press the The switch. the of the There where the and the Projected with the reduced or expanded that the fits the of the the input than the the of the input than the the of Switching Comp/ A/V Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
The switched the of the the as the of the the than the of the the the to through the played. the right and displayed when SXGA displayed. Press the while pressing the the to full-screen the of Switching and recorded with and DVD The and the when EasyMP.net projected. to the EasyMP.net Switching
IIII function) It to without Press the The displayed the right-hand to the to reduced or with and of of the when the the to the and this ingly. when the function used. function) The displayed. A/V R/C ON OFF
IIII Effect Function The [Effect] buttons to The tion the Cursor/Stamp the Press the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. the the to the of the The the location of the when the the pressed. The function and the when the pressed. The when the pressed. The when the function the Press the the the to the to the Press the to the Function
the the to the to the Press the to the The function and the when the to the The when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function Spotlight spotlight of the Press the switch three spotlight whenever the pressed. the to the spotlight. The function and the spotlight when the pressed. The when the function Function
the Press the to the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. Press the to the The function and the when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function Press the button. The and other Effect Function
IIII Function The displayed as sub-screen the or Press the [P P] instructions the of the sub-screen the top right-hand of the Press the the to the of the Press the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to switch to sub-screen sound. Press the to to the main-screen sound the sound switched. Press the to the sub-screen The operation the The sub-screen when the The or played the and the displayed the sub-screen. The the sub-screen with the Switch the and sound of the sub-screen to fixing the sub-screen's The switched the of the sub-screen displayed the ously the the function executed. Function
This section the and operations. IIII The when sound from the Press the while the the when sound input. when sound to and Comp/ A/V Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Preset
IIII The the and to items The top and and of Also, the with the input (connected items 15/BNC) (DVI-D) Advanced About :Select (BNC) Advanced About :Select EasyMP.net Effect Advanced About :Select Top Effect Advanced About :Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal Select Select Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Select Brightness Sharpness Normal Position Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal Preset Select Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Select Brightness Sharpness Normal Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Select
The items displayed the with the input and the of items that displayed The when input. Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Information Effect Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select The displayed of 0H and hours, and, of hour hours. Sound Effect SRS SPACE SRS CENTER Prompt A/V BNC OFF Black ON OFF Black RGB ON OFF Comp2Sync Termination Rear Select [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select The information displays the of the input Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor ON Source Computer1 Negative On SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
IIII Operations The operated from both the and the Press the The top displayed. Comp/ Select the Press the the the or the to the the selected Press the the (the the to the selected The displayed. Then the Press the the the or the to the The items displayed the and information with the input Operations A/V Comp2Sync Termination Rear Advanced About Select [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
the Press the [Tracking the the or right the to the attached to the of the item that the and the Press the to this selection, and then the to the of further information the function of each of the other items the Press the The Press the [ESC] to to the the hierarchy. The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input when input. Screen Comp2Sync Termination Rear Select [English] ON OFF Select ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Operations
items Top Function the and right. Press the to the the displayed. Tracking that appear the the and that appears the and as of the brightness and It to the of the the synchronization the Brightness the of the the of the the of the the of the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of the with clear Normal without correction. with tint. the input Automatically the input Press the and the from the input selection played. It to the input (input tion Brightness, Contrast, Sharpness, Press the and the which to from the tion displayed. The the of the that the this The pressing the Operations the Normal Not
Top Function Smooth Motion smoothly when this [ON]. this [OFF] the appear to the Press the and the from the selection displayed. The the the the PAL to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the the the of the high tones. the of the tones. SRS SPACE the of the sound. SRS CENTER the of the sound. sound to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the Cursor/Stamp the and of the allocated to the Press the and the item to from the The and to respectively the selected and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. the and of the and of allocated to the Press the and the item from the The the function. Spotlight the of the spotlight allocated to the Press the and the item from the spotlight The the spotlight function. ON to Color: Shape: Operations
Top Function the and of the to the Press the and the item from the The and selected each of the and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. Cursor Selects the of Cursor. L: to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the The reduced when correction The of correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. the input the functions sub-screen. The function the The and other The and Prompt whether to the input the or ON A/V the when the [A/V pressed. and they BNC the the input connected to the BNC RGB: RGB to input. to input or Operations to Black RGB
Top Function the function when input. this [ON], and the the input and operations of thirty (the operation Press the to to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the the and the memory as JPEG It to the memory and them connected to the with the EasyMP.net and user Press the and follow the instructions played the The amount of to to the or the connected to the while this to this The that The when the with which to displayed. Press the and the from the selection displayed. The EasyMP.net displayed three interface English, and another interface selected, the the user the switched The and the of the the Press the and the item from the displayed. the to the The and white when the formation. ON EPSON English OFF Operations
Top Function Comp2 the termination to Termination cessing from On: Terminated OFF: TTL input Usually [OFF]. with the switcher when termination required. Rear [ON] to OFF from the rear. The inverted. [ON] to when from the The inverted from to right and and The optional to the from the to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. Select to and sound to the About the items the to the Press the and then the confir- mation displayed. the function from each to the and sound to the each The ON and BNC to the the the replaced. The and information with the input and other than that to the input The information displays the of the input projected. If the there that occurred with EasyMP.net. Switch the to EasyMP.net and the the Operations OFF OFF
The currently displayed the memory the that to Press the and then displayed. Select and then the to the to displayed. Select and then the The the played. Advanced About the to the Memory Card? :Select :Select this Operations
Press the or the The function and the to the amount of the process. the or connected while to this the memory the memory while created the memory when captured, and the of that the It to and them connected to the with the EasyMP.net and If the there ity that occurred with EasyMP.net. Switch the to EasyMP.net and the the the memory when to when EasyMP.net to the EayMP.net Operations This as XXX.JPG this Memory Card.
the currently as the the that to as the Press the and The displayed. Select and then the the (the the The to displayed. the of the and then the the (the the The displayed. Advanced About :Select the as :Select Operations
and then the the (the the The displayed. Select the and then the the (the the The to displayed. Select and then the the (the the The the completed] displayed. amount of the process. the or connected while to this The that The when the Operations :Select the :Select the If the :Select this
the EasyMP.net Software This section the operations the optional EasyMP.net Software and EMP V. IIII Introduction of EasyMP.net Software The EasyMP.net PC and EMP software the [EasyMP.net Software] CD-ROM. software EMP the to from the This allows to to the [Effect] and user to edited to the EMP Users (PDF)). Introduction of EasyMP.net Software
EasyMP.net PC EMP It to the the memory from EMP It to the and with the when EasyMP.net projected. EMP It to to the EasyMP.net using EasyMP.net and the EasyMP.net function PC applications. The EasyMP.net function PC the and NT4.0 platforms. It to the from location with EasyMP.net to and the the PC. Introduction of EasyMP.net Software
IIII This section to the EasyMP.net Software. of software (EMP EMP EMP and EMP V) and the PDF users' EMP when the the following to that the software the Computers operating the 95/98/NT4.0/2000 CPU: or memory or when operating the capacity the EMP PDF EasyMP.net Software or of High or or the Chinese and (EMP Only) Apple or CPU: PC or memory or when operating the EMP /EMP PDF or or or the and or the or or
This section to the software the Software the platform follows the The EMP users' the together with the software the PDF to this. If the recommended that the as EMP V. the of and the CD-ROM The automatically. If the automatically, the [Specify and from the [Specify and and [CD-ROM \SETUP]. Select the and the to and then the [OK] then Proceed with with the instructions provided. The selecting each Software from the Computer] and Applications] and then and
the of the the and then the CD-ROM Double-click the EMP The automatically. the and the [OK] Proceed with with the instructions the [EMP and [EMP the to the Reading the the of Select [EMP V] to the the of the the within the [EMP to the
IIII the and when EMP used. The and connected together with that the supply to the switched off to establish the to this Confirm the of the and the establishing the If forced the and malfunctions and the of the to the instruction further The connected to the and to tions. the that to to the or Switch the and that the the software. Computers the Mouse/Com to the with the of the PC and supplied. PC with the with the PC SERIAL Mouse/Com
Computers the Mouse/Com to the or with the of the and supplied. or with the with the MAC SERIAL Mouse/Com
This section and the of of them. IIII Troubleshooting think first of the the The with and to the of the Recovery or Reference Stand-by (Not when the pressed. Cool-down (Not The acount of the to cool (cooling the the The the cool-down This once the completed, the once then. Projection (Not Troubleshooting Troubleshooting
Recovery or Reference Warm-up (Not The amount of the seconds. The and become once the completed. Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. Extinguished The The switched switched the the supply to the Recovery and Reference with (ELPLP11). If the to and to repairs the replaced). to that the or correctly attached the replaced. If the or correctly attached, the the as the switched Nearing the the Extinguished (Not The switched or It recommended that the as as as there where the earlier than stated the of Troubleshooting
Recovery and Reference internal (overheating) Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. High-temperature (This the cooling operating the increases further.) the within the of and the well-ventilated and that the and outlet Extinguished (Not The switched or to the section the the following the appear the covered the Troubleshooting the within the of and the and that the and outlet Clean the Switch the off when the to reduce the the Clean the
IIII the to each item the following the The sound The of The The The switch off The The EMP function The The Nothing displayed Nothing displayed the Cover the switched off and then immediately? The finished the cooling The the cooling Projection cooling operations: the completed. the ON? the [ON], the extinguished operations and input of thirty the the of the correctly the the [A/V the the input completely There where input become completely to input? displayed the OFF. this to or to the to the items when the displayed. the
[Not Supported] the the of the from the higher than UXGA to that the the of the from the to the instruction to to the and of the from the the connected correctly? the input selected the Press the [Comp/EasyMP.net] or buttons the ([Comp1], [Comp2/YCbCr] the to switch the the supply to the connected or switched and type to the externally they to the LCD the switched to There which to the LCD when externally. RGB input and the [BNC] to [RGB]. input and the [BNC] [RGB]? to
The of The areas. the correctly? the increased the There where the to the too the The recommended and the within this the the light right the the the of the when the brought from and this to the this switch the off and the to while. the Tracking* and The the [Tracking] and buttons the while the the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of Select the with [Advanced] There where the input the the
The appears The The The the the connected correctly? the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the and The the [Tracking] and the while the the the There where the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of the with Format]. There where the input the There that the correctly selected. Press the the with the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the note-type and type computers. Either the that the the or the that
The The the correctly the connected correctly? the correctly the correctly the and correctly (The the or the match with the of the this abnormality.) to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the brightness correctly the correctly the
sound The A/V R/C ON OFF the the sound input connected correctly? the which sound selected? sound from connected Confirm the sound from connected the turned right the [A/V function There that the A/V Press the [A/V the or the to the A/V the sound to Sound from the connected to the the [R/C ON OFF] switch the the the The of the to the and right, and and the the and the too The of the approximately the connected and the the the light-receiving the the light-receiving to sunlight, light or other light the mounted the the mounted back to front?
The switch off the pressed) OFF EMP function If abnormality the of the inspections, the from the and with the The that the extinguished when the switched off. The extinguished when the from the The operations. The cool-down (to allow the to the operation the switch off the The operation when this completed, the from the this *The amount of the cool-down the the correct? Select COM that or the connected correctly? the established with the supply switched off? the too normally? the supply to the switched the the
This section of the items and other IIII Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the becomes or the of the Please the about every hours of operation. other than the age the cover that or to internal inspections, repairs, cleaning and other when the and Connector. the outbreak of fire and shocks. the following when the or that become or to them. that the and the as as they to and with to the immediately to this burns or other Allow the to least sixty the supply switched off. the and Connector from their when carrying to this shocks. Switch off the supply and the Cord to cleaning of the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning
Cleaning the Gently the of the with cloth. the the with cloth with medium-strenth cleaning with and then with cloth. thinner or other active to this or from the Cleaning the Clean the with the and cleaning The of the easily and other than Cleaning the and the internal of the the becomes with and and this that the its and the cleaned with to the and from If to the from the or to crack, to this with the the the as the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the
IIII the Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surrounding the that the its when the to the and from the pressing the catch to the the
IIII the the the following ELPLP11). stating displayed thirty seconds the of the the brightness and below the the as as the to the brightness and The hours of to the brightness and Although the of there where the characteristics of each and other lighting this hours this reason, from OA Inc. from The the
Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surround- Once the cooled sufficiently, the sixty the to cool sufficiently. the screws holding the the the three screws holding the and then the the the as as it and then with the three screws. the
the the the and then with the screws. that the reasons, this that the supply disconnected when the It to switch the supply the and properly fitted. with the the the as the that the with the following the with the Press the or seconds. The the the displayed. Select Press the [Tracking the the the and Press the the or the the to the process. Comp/ A/V :Select ON the ON Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset the
This section optional items and service as as specifications, terminology and other technical information. IIII Optional The following optional purchase with ELPAP01 ELP ELPKC17 (XGA) ELPDC02 ELPKC18 ELPDC03 ELPKC20 (DVI-D/DVI-D, Bracket ELPFC02 ELPKC21 (DVI-D/DFP, Plate ELPFC03 Throw ELPLL02 ELPFP04 Throw ELPLL03 ELPFP05 ELPLP11 ELPFP06 Rear Projection ELPLR01 WindowScreen inch) ELPHS01 ELPLS01 WindowScreen inch) ELPHS03 ELPLW01 ELPKC02 ELPMB04 (HD15/HD15, ELPKC09 ELPMB05 (HD15/HD15, ELPKC10 Mount ELPMB06 (HD15/HD15, ELPKC11 Screen ELPSC06 (HD15/5BNC, VGA-Work Station ELPKC12 inch ELPSC07 (5BNC/13W3, VGA-Work Station ELPKC13 inch ELPSC08 (5BNC/5BNC, VGA-Work Station ELPKC14 Remote ELPST02 (HD15/EVC, VGA-Work Station ELPKC15 Remote ELPST04 (5BNC/EVC, Optional Others
IIII Terminology This section the within the items which and other A/V Temporarily the and sound. The sound and muted the [A/V the Press the [A/V once or the or the to the DVI-D The input that conforms to the DVI Interface: to transmitted). and tracking The that the broadcasts within Remote the optional to connected that items of operated with SRS The three-dimensional acoustic This and sound to to. These with the and buttons. SVGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and SXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Sync(synchronization) The clearly this with the of the the known as synchronization. Projected to and chronized. VGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and XGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and USB Universal This interface connecting comparitively to the UXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Color The of the that light. when the high, and when the through three as Red-Bright (R-Y), Bright (Y) and Blue-Bright (B-Y). This the (the red, and and their transmitted to clearly. The software to the The EMP with the operates the with the of the operating the operating the NT operating the operating Terminology
Cool-down cooling to the supply switched off and the extinguished. The cooling to when the extinguished, and operations This known as the cooling The amount of the cooling with the surrounding strengthening or the tone of the to characters and clearly and tint. This known as to the of with the of to increase brightness. Theft-protection theft-proof the through the the to to or These the Security Inc. The agency this within below. Synchronization(Sync) The clearly this with the of the the known as synchronization. to and Tracking The clearly this with the of the the known as to and chronized. Terminology NANAYO SHOJI CO., LTD. Information Communication
IIII Specifications Product EMP-8150/8150NL Height the and 1.3-inch Height Corner-to-corner TFT 12-phase writing Count the (approximately the (light UHE ELPLP11 rated 230W 3W Sound AC100V 370W, 8.5W power-saving 100-120VAC 4A 200-240VAC 2A +5C to +40C (with -10C to +60C (with DVI- (switch) EasyMP. USB with with Computer2) RCA (L, R) DIN BNC RCA DIN Remote DIN Network RJ-45 Card PCMCIA RCA (L, R) Specifications
IIII of the and the items to with the of the that occurred with The supply switched Nothing displayed the displayed NO SIGNAL The input The to the back) Projection (the displayed) property) LCD Refresh MAC EWS DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The or too which nothing displayed The than the The The clear The or focused. characters The or the or too The or The or The TV and CRT the Connector firmly? Specially Switching The displayed ON Information ON SYNC polarity SYNC Negative Negative Refresh Information ON AUTO NTSC Others EMP month the of the and the of and Connector firmly? BNC DVI-D firmly? switch when
Sound sound heard The too The sound sound MAC EWS the sound DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The displayed Sound Connector firmly? the sound when to Sound input firmly? Audio1(Computer1) Audio2(Computer2) RCA A/V Specially Switching EMP month input Computer1 Computer2/BNC (BNC) when Sheet
wireless The The The Computer MAC EWS 98(NEC) the PS/2 USB ADB 98(NEC) the the and the Connector firmly? PS/2 USB ADB 98(NEC) (when of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( Advanced the displayed with the of the Specially Switching EMP Purchasing month the Connector Computer1 Computer2/BNC Mouse/Com connected to the Remote the supply switched the correctly? to the light-receiving and when
IIII World-Wide Warranty This includes warranty, which allows the to repaired than forty-five countries of the that covered the terms of warranty stated the terms of warranty the warranty when the purchased each country. The warranty the the following Greece Ireland United <North America and United States of America <South Chile and South Thailand The warranty to the following terms and 1)The warranty only when the together with the warranty or of purchase issued the country of purchase. 2)The warranty based the warranty and established or service countries the instruction The of warranty months from the of purchase. The warranty cover the of and with the within the of the warranty. The user with the of as 3)The warranty apply the following a.Defects or optional the to or the instruction c.When repairs or third other than or service through the of optional or tured or otherwise authorized The with the to the supply of the country of purchase. the overseas, that specifically that country purchased. of the warranty This of as of the information. If the www.epson.com. World-Wide Warranty Terms
<EUROPE> AUSTRIA EPSON Austria Address: BELGIUM EPSON Address: BULGARIA PROSOFT AI BG-1113 Sofia CROATIA HR-10000 Address: CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 World-Wide Warranty Terms FINLAND geographical excluded) FRANCE EPSON F-92300 Address: GERMANY EPSON D-40549 Address: GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. H-2040 IRELAND ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO- LUXEMBURG EPSON MACEDONIA NETHERLANDS EPSON NORWAY POLAND FOR EVER PL- PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. Address:
DENMARK ITALY EPSON F. (MI) Address: SLOVENIA SLO-1001 SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN Address: SWEDEN <NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEAN ISLANDS> CANADA CANADA L4B IJ3 Address: COSTA RICA S.A. Americana, Address: SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 Address: TURKEY TIC. A.S. MEXICO S.A. C.V. AV. DF Address: World-Wide Warranty Terms SLOVAKIA SK-98401 Address: UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ Address: YUGOSLAVIA BS U. S. A. America, Inc. Airport CA90806 Address:
<SOUTH AMERICA> ARGENTINA S.A. Aires Address: BRAZIL SP Address: <ASIA OCEANIA> AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street NSW AUSTRALIA Address: HONGKONG EPSON Technical (Information Harbour Road, HONG KONG JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VD Customer Group: JAPAN World-Wide Warranty CHILE Chile S.A. Address: COLOMBIA KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD 17F HANSOL KOREA MALAYSIA EPSON TRADING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. U1, SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Commonwealth Technocentre SINGAPORE PERU S.A. Address: VENEZUELA S.A. Address: TAIWAN EPSON 10F, East Road, Section THAILAND (Thailand) Tower, South Sathorn Road, Sathorn, Thailand. //www.epson.co.th Technical Tower, Road, Rachataewee, Thailand.
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY to ISO/IEC and EN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, EPSON EUROPE B. V. EJ AMSTERDAM, Declares that the Product of LCD ELP-8150/8150NL/ Conforms to the following Directives and Norm(s) Directive 89/336/EEC Directive 73/23/EEC The EMP-8150/8150NL EN EN EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to tion and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, includ- interference that operation. EPSON of Product LCD EMP-8150/8150NL/ According to 47CFR, and Airport CA Telephone: ELP-8150/8150NL
This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference regulations of the of FCC United States
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this publication only. Macintosh, IBM/International Inc. Windows/Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
Printed