If or and the and clear obtained bright The of the to of Reduction of Reduction operating of The of the too bright, the to and Brightness rather than The following that easily such as the "Blackboard" to allow selecting to their tints. function The of the detected, that the corrected. correction function Blackboard Theatre Blackboard input from connected You switch the with of Selection of Projection lightweight (EMP-765 EMP-760 to with the included Soft carrying which to The B5 (D) (W) (H) and and other its the high with high of beautifully clear bright Brilliant, attractive Compact and lightweight
protection function allows to the of the authorisation, and as theft-prevention This that the without function and theft function the to the around the of function and of The accessory to operations such as (Wireless Function function to #XXXX XX XXX "XXXX XXXX" XXX XX. XXXX XXX XXXXX. [XXXXXXX] [0-9]:XXXX The function the the the Direct On Also, with the off function the immediately such as to the of buttons that used. This function such as shows and or This function the buttons the
as and memory This allows to without connected to the Showing the the CardPlayer) the (EMP-765 only) USB to something with the such as blowing the of the (EMP-765 only) with computer's wireless LAN. easy Network when the to only from while the they to Presentations smoothly, and other connected of this, the appear professional, with the the slideshows projected. the of the the to the of the (EMP-765 only) instructions to EasyMP, to Network and Smooth, professional
Connecting to Source Projecting RGB from (Wireless Function) If the the Remote to the the This chapter the procedures the and Rear Remote Sound from (EMP-765 only) Sound from (EMP-765 only) Connecting USB Devices.................................................... Disconnecting USB from the Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) the Remote the the Remote the Remote and Installation........................................................... Screen and the Preventing theft Protect) Protect Protect ON Protect" (ON) If the One Hour or Protect" (ON)............................32 (EMP-765 only) Access Card Access Wireless LAN Card Access and Cards Connecting to Computer................................. Computers
and Functions the the operating of the or lights to with the Flashes or lights to Flashes or lights to with the of the LAN or memory when using as become or immediately Card (EMP-765 only) the Remote light-receiving from the the from becoming or when the to cover Security the foot to and the front foot. and to the when the such as shelf. foot Foot
or the input from the connected the following and the each this pressed. The input searched [Source Search] and Functions RGB to the selection and to RGB from and displayed, the Automatically If or the next-lowest [Computer/Component (EMP-765 only) while the or the function. displayed, selects items and If or Press to or displayed, it selects items and Press to the sound If Each this pressed, displays or the that the or off.
from connected the CardPlayer function of EasyMP, this to the to (EMP-765 only) the to the USB when the wireless This from USB. function. [USB and Functions Rear memory to or USB or from such using the CardPlayer function of EasyMP. RGB from and RGB and from other [Computer/Component (EMP-765 only) [USB light-receiving from the to the Rear foot Rear foot to the from other to the from other
cover attaching the cover through the to the cover. foot Foot and Functions from the when It should cleaned This and other and fixing the optional mount when the from Clean the periodically. this cover to the when to cover
Remote light-emitting the or of that appear. If the and Functions Remote buttons [Computer] [A/V buttons buttons [Search]
the of the and the to that the the the batteries. the Remote The already the the the purchased. You to the that with the the used. the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the CAUTION Press the cover clicks the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover. the cover Catch PROCEDURE If the of the or it that the becoming ready to when required. TIP
that the becoming If this If the of the or directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the allow or light from to the with ones. TIP the Remote and Remote The the following the Remote the Remote PROCEDURE from to something top The of this to the the released, operation If of the buttons the than seconds, the to of the the light-emitting of the light-receiving the and the buttons. light-receiving (back) light-emitting light-receiving (front)
the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the vertically the Remote Remote from the Approx. Remote light-receiving light-emitting Remote
The the following four allowing to choose the the the this its to Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms first. otherwise malfunctions the CAUTION using of the from the Please to this The optional mount when the the the "Projection" the to or using match the TIP Rear
and the While to the following the that the The should as the The the the The the and the the Recommended and Projection of The reduced when correction the about The allows ratio of to about The than the the of about the and the TIP Units: Units: Units: to from of of Shortest
the PC facing the the back the the to front or or and Cards (EMP-765 only) CAUTION and PC using the included wireless You PC such as wireless LAN and memory with the LAN as The wireless LAN with the as this to to and PC cards. EMP-765. TIP the PC the that facing firmly the upwards. PROCEDURE The following PC the Wired LAN cards, please this Wireless LAN the with the Memory "Specifications" Top
Press the to the of the The PROCEDURE flashing or while CardPlayer first. Closing CardPlayer the the wireless LAN while the the to memory while using CardPlayer, The PC and immediately CardPlayer CardPlayer the when from the to wireless LAN flashing this the memory while the of the Doing the memory or the malfunction memory without closing or burns. and Removing Cards (EMP-765 only) CAUTION Enough of the PC that the of the and straight of the Press the the back to from or CAUTION
You the the The light when wireless LAN of the wireless LAN as below. the Wireless LAN Card memory the whether the and what as the of the memory below. and Cards (EMP-765 only) Card Access Access flashing The connected to the and LINK to transmitted or received. ACT occurred while from the memory from the memory The memory
The the to using of that the to the The connected to of or If EMP-765, the Network information to to below. Computers the of the and the the If to force to the and the connecting together. If the connecting the to connecting them. If the the of Turn the off both the and the with or of to the and the bound together, interference or operation or the following. Connecting to CAUTION that the such as "RGB Condition The alternatively to purchase to the heading such as If the built-in or to the to the or "Connecting or further or "CRT which Condition The and of the necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays", while to the "Appendices: of Displays" allow to the the of Supported Displays". with the the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 If the and too from each other of the to the PC "Appendices: Optional and You to purchase the with the further TIP
operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. with The input based the input from the such the input to "Computer". TIP The and of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. If the the accessory to the Projecting from Connecting to To To [Computer/Component (accessory)
Edition/XP Professional If the It to the function The USB connected to with If EMP-765, the [USB the back USB interface. If which the of function to used. the to the Professional that from earlier of of Edition/XP of both the and operating guaranteed. of the function as USB further TIP USB to the USB to the [USB the of the You the as wireless to the the To this, the accessory Applicable the Remote to the Function) Connecting to USB (accessory) USB USB (accessory) USB (OS XP Edition/ XP Professional the as wireless the and the to back and forth through when To [USB USB (accessory) To USB
If the the the The wireless function while the following of the buttons reversed. While displayed While the function While displayed While While the sound used. function TIP Once the the operated as follows. If the the of Press the the the the the of If the Connecting to operations. Press the the location to the item the while and If the Press the Right
commercially- A/V to the Projecting connecting the to the following the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or the and the together. If the Turn the off both the and the them. If the the and the bound together, interference or to the or of Connecting to Source CAUTION that the the To (yellow) with the To (commercially-available) A/V To To operations to the to If than input to the the projected. TIP
the optional to the "Appendices: Optional and Projecting commercially-available to the Projecting Connecting to Source To [Computer/Component (optional) To TIP operations to the to If than input to the the projected. To To TIP operations to the to If than input connected to the the with from The input based the input the such the input to
the accessory to the Projecting RGB Connecting to Source To [Computer/Component (accessory) To RGB TIP operations to the to If than input connected to the the projected. with from The input based the input the such the input to "Computer".
If the input to the [Computer/Component Sound from The built-in with of W. You sound from connected (such as or through the built-in the and commercially-available A/V to the If to RCA (red/white) (such as the commercially-available to of the that with the Select the that this from the following, If to (such as the of the of the other the To If the input to the To If commercially-available 2RCA that as You the started. TIP To (accessory) A/V To
Sound from (EMP-765 only) the CardPlayer function of EasyMP, the the to and with built-in to the to of commercially-available with with that match the the to or sound. To to the sound, the LAN function of the the To (commercially-available) TIP
Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-765 only) and USB connected to the that the and and that USB the CardPlayer) the Operation played back CardPlayer. Showing the Connecting USB using the Devices such as and USB should If USB the correctly. AC with the connected to the directly. To [USB To USB of USB CAUTION to the using USB with, The following to USB using or with as USB than length. If the that there wireless LAN or memory the USB CardPlayer function correctly. TIP
Connecting USB Devices or Memory Devices) (EMP-765 only) the to CardPlayer. Showing the with the "EJECT" the CardPlayer and the the the CardPlayer) the Disconnecting USB from the finished, the USB from the following the below. PROCEDURE USB or USB from the If CardPlayer first CardPlayer the USB CardPlayer correctly. the USB or USB from the [USB CAUTION turning the the off. If this connected, the or the the off with the CAUTION
the "International Warranty Conditions" section "The locked." displayed that appears the and the Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the operations incorrect and then the switch to If this the from the outlet and then and the thirty the following If incorrect three the displayed and the of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms back to the If the of the "The operation locked. the the "International Warranty Terms displayed. TIP Preventing theft Protect) the Protect function activated, people who know the the to when the turned Furthermore, the that displayed the background of the This to theft. Protect the turned the first the connected to the or when Direct On the following displayed. Remote ON Protect" (ON) centrally the the displayed the If the to the and the displayed when the turned the first without the appearing. The On to "ON" and or to the and then reconnected. If Direct when first the turned the supply restored. to the If the correctly, While holding the the buttons
This displayed the while continuously about seconds. the approximately The Protect" displayed. holding the seconds. the following to Protect. Protect PROCEDURE of the each the turned The of to the turned the of that the The when the If to the displayed each the from the when the the disconnected and from the If the when the displayed. closed. If the One Hour or More Preventing theft Protect) TIP the "Background Color" the ("ON" from to or or from or or "OFF") to operations, displayed and the To the Protect" to "OFF" first. If to of the following Protect" (ON) If the correctly, the Protect" If Protect already the Protect displayed. displayed. Protect to the as theft- If Protect to "ON", the accessory
The the displayed, If the incorrectly, To and then the While holding the the The the buttons to The If the shown Once four the The "The should this to prompting to the and then the displayed as displayed. the the displayed. allows to the buttons to the within the of If the the While holding the the finished using the Protect" the countdown the to hours and then the Select and then the If this to and the Select ON Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the Turn ON Protect" Press the Preventing theft Protect) Select Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the Turn Protect" Press the of the that and and the counter If the to the the the and the Once the the TIP
This chapter operations such as turning the and off and the Operations the Quality............................... and RGB the Selection) the Selecting the Projection Quality Turning the On.................................... Connecting the Turning the On and Turning the the Screen Focusing the Screen Correction Function............................................................41 the Function)......................40 Manually Correcting Distortion........................43 the and the
that the facing the as the the and then the the to the securely the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Turning the On Turn the to CAUTION the other of the to The light earthed the "Operation" "Direct ON" item as as the the to "ON", sounds and the and The the that connected to the should turned Connecting the PROCEDURE TIP the cover the the of the cover and the cover. that the turned off the and connected to the the or other to the
The to as the sound to that the Press the the or the to the and to appear. from flashing to The Protect the to each the turned If this the Turning the On and Turning the On TIP TIP that the flashing and PROCEDURE If the flashing operation of the buttons the the to Turn the connected to the playback necessary.
with memory or connected USB or when that the The following shows of to without the to of the buttons connected to the the straight If connected, the from that to the section of the with If EMP-765, as [Source Search] the the If or with LCD the [Source Search] when the CardPlayer LAN the heading such as If the the the or the to switch the to EasyMP. "Connecting or to externally. TIP TIP the or If than to the The input searched and buttons to the to while to the following each the [Source Search] pressed. Remote Turning the On top-right of Remote selected Source Computer/ or If the of the become the You should the displayed IBM NEC the selected as the the and the Network when using the EMP-765.
the and or the appears If the "The heating. nothing the the the or the to the off. "Cleaning the and CAUTION that the connected Turn the off the that connected to the turned off. Follow the below to the off. Turning the PROCEDURE the sounds, the Press the once from the flashing and lights Remote The following appear. Press the flashing otherwise the from the while the and reduce the operating life. CAUTION If to the off, seconds. (The off If the the and this
cool-down The cool-down about If the back immediately If the to or "Rear/ If the flashing operation of the If the to "Network ON", operating. This and buttons the lights continuously. seconds. the sounds, off, than to the from the (EMP-765 only) projected. Turning the TIP the cover to the when the to the from or dirty. the cover. cover
If correction or Sharpness Turn the to the to the correctly. Focusing the PROCEDURE The of the basically the from the to the These functions and the that obtained. the the Function) to the correctly. If If the of the or as of this or the TIP The following procedures to the once the The this to the the The function of the PROCEDURE TIP If the If the the of to the the If to the further, the further from the Turn to "T" to reduce the Turn to "W" to the
foot, the to the or retracting the front If the that right to the the to or off and the than the Doing CAUTION The should that as to the as the and the Screen Correction Function from the from of
the correction approximately correction function that this If the the the with the vertically while the the front foot the obtained, the front of the to the While the foot the front of the and then release the foot front foot. the PROCEDURE If would to further "Projection" the to and correction when the correction the the correction the If the text of the correction the sharpness become TIP To the front foot, the while the foot Foot TIP If correction the to "OFF". the the the correction correctly. foot the the foot Rear
correction using the If the text of the correction correction the the sharpness become TIP The with correction function which the of the and to the of correction, the correction automatically. If to further buttons. and Manually Correcting Distortion the Screen which the when correction that the If the the the correction reached. that the elongated If the top of the If the of the elongated PROCEDURE
this the the or the the to the while this item "ON"), If the to "OFF" (the or RGB projected. Remote TIP RGB from connected and these that the of the following three items: obtained. and RGB the Quality The of the as follows. the the to the commands to the tracking and then to previous The If the while the function or function activating, the the correctly to the the type of or RGB such about seconds other buttons. and manually. those Tracking and (synchronisation)
the or the The tracking increases or each buttons the to the tracking the from the and the pressed. or RGB and this using to If appear the the Tracking manually using the following the Quality the Tracking the the to the The when tracking this TIP this operation, to the Press the the or the and then from the PROCEDURE
the or the or from buttons the The increases or each to the synchronisation the the and the pressed. or RGB and this using to If or interference appear the (synchronisation) manually the following the Quality the the the to the If the without the tracking first, incorrect tracking clearly, to the However, with of and to to the Incorrect tracking and when the noticeable with of tracking first. TIP this operation, to the and then from Press the the or the the PROCEDURE sharpness and correction
The as follows each the pressed. Blackboard Theatre PROCEDURE the selecting the that The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily to the The brightness of the which selected. Selecting the Projection Quality Selection) the Quality The appears the top-right of the each the Remote Brightness emphasised, that fresher and than to the If the connected both the and the connected to Brightness to that Brightness to that TV bright with tints obtained when Blackboard tints. Theatre Application The the the TIP or RGB input: The the as follows. other input:
The appears the screen when the Press the buttons the or the the increases, buttons the to the the to the and when to the the and The of the built-in as follows. the PROCEDURE Remote If the displayed the the each input The using the when the that the reached. TIP
This chapter functions the of and to the Advanced Operations the the of Functions "Info" Functions Projection................. A/V the Aspect function...................................................................53 Function Projection of from
You the "Background Color" to the when and from the following three Functions Projection This section the that to and sound to played back the and this function when the operations such as selecting while to the where the function activated. when to of This function momentarily the and sound. projected. A/V the to to the A/V function the "Brightness the A/V function used, the "Brightness to the The the EPSON To the to own TIP Projection when the [A/V the You the pressed. The and sound then Press the [A/V PROCEDURE Remote
This function the aspect ratio of from to when which recorded or or projected. Projection of from the Aspect This function only the The sound and to The back the while from the where without Functions The aspect ratio each the pressed. PROCEDURE To the the once You the The then Press the button. Remote PROCEDURE You this the the Remote TIP Pressing the clears displays The function while the function and used. TIP
the pressed, the with the its the pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the You the the This function and reduce of such as and indicating the the to appear the Press the button. Functions Projection PROCEDURE The selected to of To the the button. TIP the to the of the that to the to the or reduced. the
To the function, the The then from the to the the This function the to around This function to of that to the to function operations. the projected. Functions Enhancing Projection function You the command the to the of the to of three The appear the of the Press the PROCEDURE TIP Remote
This function such as that deactivating operation, or such as to the of that operated. This function the the Function Functions Enhancing Projection The buttons with the the displayed, selected Press the the from the or the and then If to "ON", of the buttons the the operated. to "ON". PROCEDURE the "Operation the continuously about seconds, and the There to the lock. the to "OFF" TIP
The hierarchical with that which further other The to of and to the the the
Function Brightness that If to the Brightness to Corrects the of the The Brightness to that TV fresher and than using tints. It that or light and when bright, to such to Blackboard with tints each type of or light and when the the You from to the to 6500K. that the surroundings. bright Theatre The commands displayed the commands that apply to the input of the the input that projected. input. the Functions of Functions Computer/RGB (EMP-765 only) the brightness. Brightness the light and the the sharpness. Sharpness
7500K Function bright within from (This item selected selected If the lower, appear If the higher, appear bluish the of each R(red), and as the the and tones appear and tones appear to bluish RGB: the and the of the red, and each input the Functions Red: the Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the to their
Function Brightness emphasised, that If to the Brightness to Corrects the of the The Brightness to that TV fresher and than using tints. It that or light and when projecting bright, to such to Blackboard with tints each type of or light and when the command the You from to the to 6500K. that the surroundings. bright Theatre the Functions the brightness. Brightness the light and the the the the sharpness. Sharpness when or NTSC input.) the tint.
6500K Function bright within from (This item selected selected If the lower, appear If the higher, appear bluish the intensity of each R(red), and as the the and tones appear and tones appear to bluish RGB: the and the of the red, and each input the Functions Red: the functions Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the to their
Function ON when appear the Tracking You the the tracking brightness, sharpness or when or and appear when the interference appear the first and then the when the input Selects whether the function turned "ON" or "OFF". input. commands that apply to the input while The Tracking and the input that If using the EMP-765, of the The items displayed the the Functions If and the appear that connected to the [Computer/Component Selects the input with the If to the input with the connected "Computer". the vertically and using the that appears. Press the the or the and then the Computer/RGB the the to their Press the the or the to their To such as the and the from the
Function OFF OFF: IP each field the ON: Interlaced only when or S- This when This when with input.) amount of the vertically and using the that appears. Press the the or the and then the the Functions If and the appear when that connected to the [Computer/Component Selects the input with the If to the input with the connected input.) when and then the selection from Press the the or the the selection that appears. to the the input.) automatically. the aspect Press the the or the to their and the To such as the and from the to their
Function ON the to If the function the and correcting "ON" or "OFF" when the to something other than this This function when the "Projection" vertically. selected. correction the sharpness correction the If the text of the Corrects become the Functions OFF the to "ON", the operation the If the the function holding the to "ON", the of the exiting the seconds. The of the that appears when the the selected from the following three Shape the country of purchase) This the brightness to of Select the too bright such as when or selected, the brightness of the reduced, the amount of electricity and reduced and the operating Brightness
Function (EMP-765 only. Can only when with built-in amplifiers. Select the to Select the to the sound from Select the to sound when the sound from the built-in EasyMP.) EasyMP. the Functions the functions to their select"Reset from Press the the or the To such as the and the to their when the of or that of MPEG *The to only played back Card
ON Function This related to the or when the when the [A/V the To the to whether of the following turned when the switched when the switched input to or input incompatible input the Background Color: "ON" or "OFF". The input. the Functions ON Background Color: If the Protect" function of Protect Protect function these from to or or from to "ON", the "Black" or to the To the to whether the or EPSON Protect" function of Protect to "ON". and then follow the instructions the Protect function recording Press the the or the recorded the that appear the ("OFF") the Protect" function of Protect to "ON". the Protect This from ("ON") to function the Records
Function If the to or Select when the front of the Select when the front of the cool-down about seconds when the turned off. the sounds, the Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from the and from the the the from the Rear Projection the Functions Direct ON: OFF when "Direct ON" to "ON", the "Direct ON" to "ON", the connected, If the connected to the outlet the when This related to operation. and then the operations when the while the without to the displayed. (The lights Direct ON: pressed. restored. input. OFF
Network OFF Function to "Network ON" to and To the the off and to "Network ON", the functions and the function while the and then the and the then back (EMP-765 only) the Functions country of purchase) English OFF the turn the off and whether the EMP software then back to EMP or "Background Color" to or to their Protect" to to "OFF", the and "Operation" the to their "ON". Press the the or the and then the selection. the displays. Press the the or the to their To such as the and from the
Function 0H appear when the input the input or the input which currently projected. Source the reached, the the operating both "High Brightness" and Brightness". characters appear red. Hours The "Info" shows the the The Hours" item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of hour. Computer/RGB the Functions "Info" appear when the input the input or appear when the input the refresh or service to or the appear when the input "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Informations this that Instructions/World Warranty Terms or EasyMP.) appear when the input Computer, RGB or the Refresh Info Rate
Function To such as or and to or to "OFF", these to their when their "Background Color" to Press the the or the The items to their from the respective Protect" to "ON". the Functions selected, the operating to the the operating this
Press the to the selection of Confirm the selection. The operated the or the the Functions the The appears. Press the PROCEDURE the and or buttons the to to the item to Select and the the Remote
the the and or the to to the to and then the Select and the the and "Info" the input that The items that displayed the projected. the Functions buttons the to the the to the or the If the when items with displayed, the that item the The to Currently-selected item the displayed. the and buttons the to the to the or right or Press the to the the the and the
to of the of each the Functions Press the the TIP
This chapter to and what to found. Troubleshooting the the Reading the Indicators........................................................75 lights red.......................................................... or flashes or relating to when Other Network (EMP-765 only)............................................. to and lights or orange/flashes
displays to the It of If with the the function on-screen and The displayed. Press the the PROCEDURE Press the to the selection of Confirm the selection. and the to the or the Select the Remote Remote
The cleared when the pressed. the operations and to through the to items. the If the function to the to TIP
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three which the operating of the Reading the off flashing lights If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to that they Stop the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the from the and or the the "International Warranty section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms or related
off flashing about the switch to the following that the and clear, and that the The off and about the to the back If the or them. or (overheating) If this the and the to overheat or the to when the turned the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the Then or the the "International If the back and then the If the If this the the and the from Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms with If the with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch the and off flashing or flashes that the and clear and that they (This abnormality, the too high such as automatically.) High-speed cooling If the clogged, or them. or Warning
off flashing If to the the the that the increase. the with as as The the the or the with off flashing lights or orange/flashes or Warm-up approximately seconds. warm-up the Warm-up You the from the outlet when the light this Projection when the pressed. or Normal Projection cool-down finished and the sounded and the The while cool-down the to light the operation. Please Cool-down If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the previous or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the following TIP
If of the following and the offer to the each when the completely the completely the appear relating to The The The when turned off (EMP-765 only) sound heard or the sound Other such as interference, or white appear. Can switch to the [Source Search] The "Not Supported." displayed Interference or appear The or or of The whole appears or reproduction performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear right of the displayed. appear
to and when with the The and using the EMP function EMP-765 You from another when EMP NS found established or wired LAN Network displayed, or the displayed when EMP Microsoft Office Network the as correctly with EMP The slideshow when the Network Screen slideshows played back with Network Screen displayed Network Screen
The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. both switched off? Press the to the the pressed? relating to appear If the to "OFF", to "ON" that displayed. displayed, to the item that indicates. to "OFF"? If or connected to the the to the the correct? Press the [A/V the to the A/V active? input such as completely the completely of the that supply the correctly? when when from of the buttons the ([Computer], or Press the button of the to switch to the Can switch to the [Source Search] the from the when from
this Press the to the If operations about while input. The the command to "ON", the off to used, the to "OFF". "Operation" to "ON"? Projection to the with the and of the from the of Supported Displays" If or to the the to the the correct? when The "Not Supported." displayed the match the and of the when from
Press the [Computer], or [EasyMP](EMP-765 only) the or the [Source Search] the or the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned the input selected? The If the while the already turned the function that switches when the externally, they the to Turn the the and title such as or "Connecting to the to as as the If the to the LCD or to the accessory the off and then back appear the LCD or accessory Turn the the to the the correctly? the output to the when from or with built-in LCD or of the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the the off and the to If the from to or the The recommended the that within this the the Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the too the cover. the cover attached?
If or connected to the the to the the correct? that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Interference or appear when from Press the the or the the to If the correctly the using the and If used, interference the the accessory and this used? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" the selected? the and Tracking correctly? when and RGB only
the or the the to If other than RGB from or RGB input, If the correctly the function, the If RGB from or RGB the the manually using the "Position" command. manually using the command. Press the the to the function. Press the the the correctly? the correctly? the the function? or only about of the the To the whole of If activated the of the the the the off the the the that the that with this of Supported Displays" the selected? when when
the the "Computer" the the with If or RGB to the [Computer/Component and If to the [Computer/Component and Select the the connected with red. the input match the from the connected right If or to the the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the Intensity" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. Intensity", "Tint" the to the the correctly? the "Brightness" to the brightness. "Brightness" the "Contrast" to the the correctly? the correctly? the and correctly? when from
the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the brightness and "Brightness" the to the "Contrast" "Brightness the and correctly? the correctly? appear the nearly the become and the become this the should with the The connected correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. of the switched off? Alternatively, the to supplied. Press the to the the when There the or the the If this the the the from the outlet and the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the off and when the touched?
the to the to If using the EMP-765, sound through the built-in when the to sound through the that the connected to the correctly. the connected correctly? Check sound heard or the sound the to (EMP-765 only) Other The operating the and the the light-receiving vertically. Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. A/V active? The operating the approximately the that sound heard. the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? the too from the the to the The the to "ON". the to the or buttons the the when the the to "OFF" the to "ON"? the location where light the light- while that they the around. the or the correctly? the sunlight or light from light-receiving The
If the to "Network ON", the to the cool-down finished. The when turned off (EMP-765 only) the to "Network ON"? "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the the If using the function while the the to "Network ON". that the wireless or wired LAN correctly the of the and Removing Cards" the wireless or wired LAN that the connected correctly. If connected or connected incorrectly, the connected correctly? to and Network (EMP-765 only) when with the the connecting to correct? to "Network ON"? connected to wired LAN the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the outlet that the connected to tripped. to the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide checked, or the the If the Warranty causing the to
"Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the the that the wireless or wired LAN correctly the of the and Removing Cards" the wireless or wired LAN that the network correctly. If connected or connected incorrectly, the correctly? The and using the EMP function the connecting to connected to wired LAN "If You would to Uninstall the Software" and Software" the Uninstall EMP and then Network the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the outlet that the connected to tripped. to the If the EMP function while the the to "Network ON". the the EMP that to and the to "Network ON"? EMP function correctly to the terminate the and to the establishing from If the and the unknown, terminate the the the from the displayed and then the the from the already connected to another the to the first If the or the known, it to If to to from while Network and the the from the and then To terminate the from the "Disconnecting from Network the Network terminated and the then to the terminating the the Network the and from another the the the without closing the
that the wireless or wired LAN correctly the of the and Removing Cards" the wireless or wired LAN that the connected correctly. If connected or incorrectly, the connected correctly? If the off, the wireless LAN and and Cards" EMP NS found the of the wireless LAN that the connected to wired LAN whether the LAN functioning the other terminology such as the of the wireless LAN to wireless LAN or Wireless LAN the Network the wireless LAN the to (such as to to Network while the displayed. the to to the the DHCP function of the wired LAN to "ON"? the ready LAN or in-built LAN functionality to used? the wireless LAN the to the the connected to wireless LAN easy If the that LAN the to EMP NS selected, otherwise to EMP NS and the from the "Switch LAN" or "Network "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the DHCP of the wired LAN to "OFF" the Please the wireless LAN. of which the there within the If wireless LAN wireless LAN? the selected correctly EMP NS connected to wireless LAN easy
or used. You conforming to other (such as or If easy WEP to "OFF", otherwise WEP to "OFF". "Connecting (Wireless LAN)" the Network the to the highest intensity. the the wireless LAN to low-intensity? the LAN or WEP to "ON" the the ESSID search function, or the ESSID the or and the that they the "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network the ESSID correct? If "WEP" selected the "Security" the WEP the or and the to the "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network WEP the the established or wired LAN such as the MAC and the functions of the correctly? "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the Network If using DHCP of the manually. operating Turn off the to the or ESSID to that there BUFFALO to the ESSID Select IP EMP NS and using IP If Connected Appear the easy the the and the the and the correctly? there BUFFALO operating nearby? the IP and
the the displayed, or the correctly. Network or wired LAN to easy when WEP or or used. Network Screen displayed or the trying to the Player, or or wired LAN wireless LAN WEP or to If DHCP when using or when to wired LAN, to to DHCP to to. of the the the such something to EMP NS playback. If the EMP NS while played back, or the and the such as or and restoring slideshows back Network or wired LAN DHCP when wireless LAN EMP NS or the or of while slideshows displayed correctly with OS to of the operating back slideshows with OS or the with Network If when already to slideshows. slideshows played back with Network trying to Network Screen when using OS
Network when firewall other than NS Protect firewall? Microsoft Office Network the as Network Screen that created or edited using EMP the using that Can Included the the constantly? as the the Stop the when the the JPEG information about Microsoft Office JPEG installation, to the the Microsoft Office. correctly with EMP displayed, the Microsoft Office JPEG or thumbnails trying to created the
to If the the and Network the to to displayed. If this closing EMP NS and then restarting If the to DHCP the IP to If the IP within about seconds the displayed, from EMP NS Network automatically. the security software the and the the Turn the the the and then the "Search the Carry the following. the the that displayed the and that Select the of each the and the Network Select from the or the turned Incorrect the displayed the Click to the to the The to the other Click to to the The the and the other You to to already connected to another terminated. affected. "If You would to Uninstall the Software" and Software" the Uninstall and then EMP NS Network to EMP NS The selected to
If the the closed and the occurred the and the and the If the attempted. If the the the and the the Network closed. Communication occurred. to "Connecting the and the the Network The when trying to to with the the and the the input the the and the One or to when to to To to the that to terminate the and try If The used. Network the There responding. One of the connecting to EMP-735. the of the to SXGA or lower. the the and the the Network the the network the the and to If the followings. the the following: to information. and One of the connected with the SXGA. and retry. the the that the and that the the
that "Wired LAN or "Access (Wireless LAN)" Next, the "IP Address" the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" and specify that IP when IP If "Connecting Access or Wired LAN the the the to connected. the wireless LAN If the the and the to "Access to Connected Appear the the Network of the specified IP The of the connected to the to higher than XGA Clicking the the of the Clicking aborts the To the the to: XGA or lower. slow. The of the connected to the to of higher than Clicking the the XGA or the to or PC higher than XGA to than NS to to the to free to the The to which free and the the Not enough It to already the the If displayed, to the EMP NS from EMP the **.SIT already
the the EMP the to another the the EMP the the selecting or search the the The of the to found. This the following reasons. "Search or function or other The the containing the path. or of the already the or the and or directory The containing the free and the the containing the to allowing the to The to to the or and used. the incorrect the If the the WEB the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" The incorrect. the including the while from EMP Next, the "IP the "Wired LAN" or the "Wireless LAN" "Connecting or Wired LAN the that "Wired LAN or (Wireless LAN)" IP the EMP the the to connected. If If the the and the selected the "Wireless LAN" the to and specify that IP when IP the Network to the of the IP
of ESC/VP21 Commands........................... Command USB USB This chapter information to the of performance from the Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the the Appendices of Supported Computer/RGB Specifications.................................................... Appearance........................................................ Optional and Optional
If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the and shortening of the service life. Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and You should the becomes or the of to CAUTION Cleaning cloth to the Then containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with with cloth. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the CAUTION If the or the reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with the TIP the with or the to shocks, as easily become commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the These the to such as or thinner to and the coating off. Cleaning the CAUTION
of to the and The to appear the following continuously high brightness: hours continuously hours "Brightness of the TIP The the appears the when This section to the and the It to the when: If to the this the of the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should appears, the with as as becomes the ready displayed. the flashing Flashing The or to
the cooled then the It hour the to While the the cover to cover from the of the the cool-down finished. the cooled sufficiently the If the of which the If the cover. It further hour the with Furthermore, should that the and should to the of the turned off the to cool enough. that the the CAUTION the fixing screws with the screwdriver that with the (or head the fixing screws. screwdriver). sounds, and then the Turn off the the PROCEDURE
the cover the and then the other of the cover clicks the cover. If the with or the as shown the below and further If the yourself, to of and of the the off as the the securely. If the cover the The mercury. of properly turn the or the cover with correctly. TIP the that the fits the correctly and once the screws. the
Select from the and then the button. Therefore, the counter to the operating the operating reaches The built-in counter which track of the the warning to displayed. with You this using the the TIP and then the The operating then replaced, otherwise the indicated the operating the correctly. the the and then the The displayed. PROCEDURE
the covers from the and them the they sounds, and then the Turn off the the The the If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. the PROCEDURE of properly with Polycarbonate, ABS Polyurethane TIP the of the and the to
Select from the and then the TIP You the that currently as recorded, the previous PROCEDURE If the Protect" function of Protect" to recorded. To Protect" to "ON", displayed and the "OFF" first. If correction or they when the selected. TIP the that to as and then the Remote
displayed. the to and buttons the to the of the to as the and then the The to recorded and selection the or the the of the to the Select the then the TIP the the or the the their from the of the or with that projected, the TIP to
The then Once the the and then the "Completed." displayed. the the and then the button. the or other which connected to the (about seconds). the while the otherwise Once the operation. to the factory TIP Select the the and then the
when the high or with ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 The following optional purchase This of optional as of of to without country of purchase. Optional and this to the hand. You the ELPKS16 Soft carrying roll-type Aspect ratio ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Optional from the Please would to of to the this when the to mount ELPMB18 as ELPAF08 as ELPLP32 This the as the accessory VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 this the accessory too VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 which easily. (Aspect ratio ELPSC06 ELPKC19
The following of of the terms this which or which the text of this Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio of wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without using to input 5BNC This that centrally user authentication. authentication of information and authentication centralised. authentication high-level authentication and they to highly Authentication Compatible This security wireless Inc. It RADIUS authentication. Several authentication CCX, and this CCX which the and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The brightness of the light and of increased or to and LEAP authentication. This the which the cooled become through Cool-down when the to off the the while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the operating of the or with the of the Cool-down of This assigns IP to connected to DHCP sound Normal which which to this and photographs with (which to to such as of Format, which to infomation concerning the of memory DPOF
software that allows the to connected to that the to the the software and instructions the software and please the EMP 21L ESS of Service The ESSID with With computers, the ESSID as the that "computer-to-computer" wireless LAN. with ESSID numbers. ESSID High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or Screen aspect ratio of HDTV (router) network to Gateway from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which alternately. Interlaced MAC of Access The MAC ID to each assigned to each transmitted based this MAC of whereby the from from top to to LAN RADIUS and information centrally without of including wireless RADIUS authentication that RADIUS Remote Authentication Service. It that authenticating information such as usernames and and functions such as authenticating to wireless to information each when there wireless LAN. RADIUS One of the authentication It usernames and authentication without using LEAP of that that connected to IP The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Security This function to allow that than or than the to that they the whole of the
international that that which easily operating (OS) and the This of Network It TCP/IP and the such as routers, computers, and terminals the SNMP This which from the IP the of of assigned this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as type of with of which IBM computers. SVGA which the and to It to which of and C (the number of the If tracking correctly, The from and RGB If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these appear the Tracking type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA The from and RGB If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as and interference (synchronisation) Integrity This WPA The of to to the TKIP Universal USB interface to peripheral which only relatively USB the and with the This of Wired Privacy. This security which the WEP. WEP type of with of which IBM computers. UXGA type of with of which IBM computers. VGA This the IP of the SNMP. Trap IP
type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA Protected Access. This that security which of WPA WEP TKIP as the
<At <At Connector USB (type B) USB to the the the command, and the If terminates with the and the to the turned and then the to of ESC/VP21 Command *The [USB A] (EMP-765 only) as USB (type B) Command Item SOURCE 1F SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE (EMP-765 only) MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF selection of the commands, (CR) to the MUTE OFF OFF MSEL Black MSEL MSEL A/V Selection
the the The to the sounds. CAUTION Download the USB (USB-COM from the EPSON to The URL as follows. to the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following of ESC/VP21 Commands USB PROCEDURE the USB the instructions displayed the the 21L" the to "ON". Once the turned back the sounds, USB then and then the Turn the off.
Aspect ratio Aspect ratio SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) Refresh of Supported VGA VGAEGA VESA Refresh Computer/RGB Aspect ratio Aspect ratio HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Refresh SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA UXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV SXGA the VGA The of the supported. HDTV
TM DNX ICs this of XGA (W) (H) (W) (H) (D) including EMP-760 EMP-765 Product TFT active inches Specifications If the higher than the and 240W 4W UHE W, ELPLP32 (light 100240VAC 2.71.1A supply +60C +35C 1W Network ON 35W Network OFF: 4W 240W Connectors USB (type B) USB (type A,B) USB The USB to correctly with Memory Cards Card CompactFlash PC SD/MMC PC Memory PC PC ATA Computer/Component PCMCIA Card DIN RCA
The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition Community CSA C22.2 UL60950 Third Edition USA Specifications IEC/EN61000-3-2, IEC/EN61000-3-3 The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class Community EN55024, FCC Class USA ICES-003 Class EMC AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New
Appearance of Units: 3-M4 from of to fixing
interference to and reception, which the outlet from that to which Class to of the FCC These with the instructions, interference to turning the off and the to try to This tested and found to with the interference This or reception. there that interference and and, and installation. If this the or technician to reasonable protection Increase the the and receiver. the interference or of the following FCC United States or the the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers the FCC or Declaration of this the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and and interference which the established connected to interfaces. or the the authority to than interface The of non-shielded interface to this shielded interface with this If this WARNING the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS: Located :EMP-765/760 of Product :EPSON
EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Copyright2003 Networks Inc. rights Other of Inc. the IBM of International and of their respective owners. EPSON and of Apple and VGA or of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. of this software based the of the of Microsoft Corporation the United States. and DNX of Inc. of United States of America and other and rights those This software. JPEG Group. Notice: Computer, Inc. Corporation. or or Neither mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information rights of this publication reproduced, from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON or incurred the purchaser or third as repairs, or to this or the to the purchaser of this or third of: or of this or unauthorized operating and instructions. products other than those as EPSON SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION Copyright