WARNING directly the to the using the Projection and Turning the off Functions Projection of Troubleshooting the of Supported cover Reference
Source 1900H Computer SYNC SYNC Polarity Refresh Rate YES NO To To computer's (DVI-D or DFP) If the to the [Computer] or [DVI] the to the "Computer/DVI the VGA-HD15/BNC PC (optional) or (accessory or optional) VGA-HD15 PC or DVI-D/DFP DVI-D/DVI-D (optional) The to the that the as the to input the To To RCA (accessory) (accessory) Connecting to to the off of the following "Connecting to Computer" "Connecting to Source" the that the from the to the The shorter the the the the and the the the the the with the of the If using optional to the the and
To RGB To To To output (3BNC) (red, (RCA DIN (RCA (yellow)) To RGB RGB (commercially- (commercially- RCA (accessory) (commercially- or VGA-HD15 PC (accessory or optional) (commercially- RCA (accessory) (accessory) To To The to the that the as the to input the To Connecting to RCA (accessory)
If Protect" the Protect Release" when the turned the first the connected to the "Preventing theft Protect)" Press the Projection (Operation) Flashes seconds) Lights Turn the input the the [R/C] switch to "ON". that the connected to the and to the and "Turning the On"
NEC TOSHIBA IBM SONY FUJITSU the that active If carrying the If the to the PC connected of You to the the or To change, the and the (with such as or Once the BNC the the active the to and then the Press the button. "Selecting Source While Function)" To to while input. Function) If the or buttons to the the the repeatedly. Active DVI Press the To the switch to the active The directly selecting the with the [Source] If than connected to the the [Source] to the to Select the to projected. If connected, from that automatically.
"Correcting Distortion that the Projection the Exactly Corner)" Select the to the to the Once the the Press the the the to the Corner) [ESC] (Press The four corners of the that the fits the exactly. This together with Press the Select Corner" from the of the Rear foot If the and right If the height of the too the height as follows. using the "Height Correction" Foot the While the foot the front of the that the front foot The function when the To the front foot, the while the foot Function" to Turn to "W" Turn to "T" the the and
Press the to the off. the [R/C] switch to "OFF". If the from the If the "The overheated. Clean or the and the appears of the to the off and then or the "Cleaning the and the Turn the off the that connected to the Flashes seconds) Lights the while the flashing otherwise operation. (Operation) Turning the off "Turning the the turned off, with the to "Wall OFF". If the location as the the previous without to the The the "Wall OFF" "Wall ON" "Wall Memory each the pressed. NewYork February NewYork NewYork February NewYork Press the while the displayed to to "Wall ON". the approximately seconds, and then the corrected displayed. "Wall If or branch JanuaryFebruary February branch JanuaryFebruary February corrected and without of which white. the tints with the of the Wall Press the The the
To the wireless function, to the using USB to the the accessory USB to the USB of to the [USB The wireless function correctly the or function used. the Remote to the (Wireless Function)" You and the using the the to Press the to the The lights and and To previous To and Double-click: Press the seconds. Right or slideshow the from the accessory to the the clicks Functions Projection Wireless Function
If this function when the and sound You the "A/V the to the appearance to played back the and to the where the A/V function activated. when the and sound to or NewYork February NewYork The and sound turned off (A/V active). Press the once The A/V "A/V Function" Momentarily turning off and sound branch January--February February A/V Function You this function when to of operations such as selecting Press the Function" NewYork February NewYork NewYork the to the of the that to To Press the To reduce the Press the Press the to the of branch JanuaryFebruary February February Function This function and reduce of such as and that would to Press the appear the About Advanced2 Advanced1 Effect Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select Select
The type, and of the and the and thicknesses of the using the "Effect" "Effect Function" Press the to clear effects. The and cleared. Press the to the the to the the and the to the Press the seconds that the lights. the to the and the the reached, the straight freehand Press the the to the the The appear. Press the the to the the The appear. NewYork February NewYork NewYork February NewYork Press the The when the The appear. The type to of three each the pressed. of branch JanuaryFebruary February branch JanuaryFebruary February You and the projected to of the that to to. Effect Function the
Brightness This the to of Select the too bright such as when or "Advanced2 Function Function This function (sub-screen) the top of the that currently The and each this pressed. "P Function" Function" Function The (such as input and the respective each this pressed. when RGB input from connected "Preset Function" The as follows each this pressed. of the include from connected and with the such as the Theatre "Selecting the Projection Quality Selection)" Other functions Network
A/V BNC Advanced2 Brightness ID COM BNC Termination About SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate *Not displayed when Advanced1 Screen Rear RBG, RGB) RGB input or Source Source Select Computer/DVI Tracking Brightness Sharpness Preset Brightness Sharpness or input About Advanced2 Advanced1 Effect Tracking Brightness Sharpness Preset Select Select Brightness Sharpness Brightness Sharpness Brightness Sharpness of the RGB) input RGB) input or or input or input RGB input
the function of the displayed of the If with the the function on-screen displays to the Press the and the that to through the title such as the appear or the input match the connected to the [BNC] the the the connected Repeatedly the the or the "BNC the to the that matches the the input match the connected to the [BNC] the to the accessory The to output to the the to or to as as the Repeatedly the the or the "BNC the to the that matches the title such as or "Connecting If from connected or the correctly The selected as the If with the though the and connected correctly, the following If the following the the and connected while their already turned If the while the already the function that switches the to output Turn the the connected and the back the Troubleshooting "Troubleshooting"
If the the and then the further If the with If the the replaced, the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms cover If the the the from the outlet and the to cool sufficiently about the related the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms The with to of the operating of the The following what the and to the that they If the flashing or Problem/Warning "Reading the Indicators" flashing off Reading the (Operation)
Projection Cool-down Normal operation Cool-down approximately seconds. cool-down the You the or the cool-down. Warm-up Warm-up seconds. the to steady and If the or flashing or Normal flashing off The the of its operating life. the with as as If to the the that the increase. the If the flashing Warning flashing off High-speed cooling If the and the the switch off automatically. the to the right. Clean the they If the fixed, using the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms (overheating) The switch off and approximately Then the and the to the right. If the to from the
the cover the and then the cover to the screwdriver the the cover when the sufficiently cooled It about further hour from when the cool finished the to cool enough. the cover from the of the You the accessory screwdriver or another flathead screwdriver. the Turn off the the to (about seconds) then the the How to the the
the and the If the from EPSON, or the of purchase. Instructions/Worldwide Warranty Terms the fixing screws.
Proceed to the the securely. If the cover the off as of properly with the the or the cover correctly. the cover. the cover clicks the the facing the the clicks then the fixing screws.
YES YES NO NO Select "About" and Select then SYNC SYNC SYNC Polarity SYNC Polarity Refresh Rate Refresh Rate The Source Source 1900H 1900H Press the the replaced. If the displayed correctly. The displayed. the to the from the the
Printed 03.05-.1A(C01) 404400300(E) the VGA The the It to which the with such Printed SDTV MAC19" MAC21" aspect aspect SXGA+ MAC13" MAC16" SXGA UXGA VGAEGA SVGA SXGA XGA VGA of Supported of Supported Displays" Refresh resized