Information About Warning: the when the switched as the bright light children the when Warning: covers the the and covers. the as specifically directed this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the Information
EMP-7550/7500/5550/5500 operation UICK foot Function the or off. Source Switches the input to or or the the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. right arrows(tracking-/ Matches the clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to with or to operations. selection. Switches and (PC input). off the and sound of the temporarily. the the of TART front foot
EMP-7550/7500/5550/5500 Source Effects Custom Remote Connecting to Connecting to PC UICK TART Function or the Source Switches the input to or Effects to effects; Clear. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other the of Switches and (PC input). Custom the Right/Left buttons. the or the off the and sound of the temporarily. the the or off.
service EPSON (UK) LIMITED Hempstead HP2 7TJ United EPSON FRANCE S.A. EPSON DEUTSCHLAND GMBH F.R. EPSON ITALIA S.P.A S. (MI) EPSON IBRICA, S.A. EPSON HONG KONG LIMITED Building Harbour EPSON ELECTRONICS TRADING LTD. (TAIWAN BRANCH) 10F, E.Road, R.O.C. EPSON SINGAPORE PTE LTD EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street NSW
C
rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this only. Macintosh, OS Mac/Apple Computer IBM/International Inc. 95/Microsoft SRS and the SRS of SRS Inc. the United States and selected countries. SRS incorporated from SRS Inc. and protected United States and with numerous issued and Purchase of this the right to recordings with SRS SRS SOUND RETRIEVAL SYSTEM. Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
Introduction EPSON EMP lightweight that XGA(EMP-7550/7500) or SVGA(EMP-5550/5500) and The to PC or Apple such as or connected each XGA and SVGA of 768(EMP- and 600(EMP-5550/5500) bright that easily light enough to from the 1W+1W which built-in SRS 3D sound that and You when further required. AVTSS Tracking and Synchronization of from and easy of You through with switching and The as wireless to operations
Introduction The optional ELP LINK III of that to effective. BIS CUIT Conversion UnIT) which XGA(EMP-7550/7500), VGA~XGA(EMP-5550/5500) as as VGA and SXGA what type of used, the of clarity. and as as Apple and computers. The NTSC, PAL or SECAM
the of Remote with of features that to the the and To the of this section of the features. The buttons the the or off, and to and switching. the buttons to and the You the of the of
Optional Introduction To of the EPSON the following optional (EMP-7500/5500) ELPLP06 (EMP-7550/5550) ELPLP07 ELPKC02 PC ELPSW03 ELPSW04 ELPSW05 ELPDC01 ELPAP01 Mount ELPMB03 Plate ELPFC01 ELPFP01 ELPFP02 ELPEP03 ELPKS11 ELPSC06 PC Selector ELPST01
About This Chapter instructions to the and to or other or PA the that apply to Chapter the to switch the on/off and the or Chapter the to the to the and the of the and such as bass and Chapter to and Chapter Troubleshooting, to the lights and helpful information and Chapter Technical Specifications, the technical and the of the About This
Instructions Introduction Follow these instructions when and using the the or the or of heat. only as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or electricity the where the easily the three-pin grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following when the to with these or fire. the outlet with the the cords or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners.
the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or heated such as the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating servicing. If or the housing Instructions
Where to Introduction If or first Chapter "Troubleshooting". If the the the section service the of this please the following information ready: Product Product of the
World Transporting If to the and browser, to World Whats New, EPSON Products, EPSON Corporate Info and EPSON to the EPSON the and and the EPSON Chart To with EPSON around the EPSON includes Information EPSON and To shock while as the following. to to troubleshooting the If the the cushioning around the business the case(optional ELPKS11), then firm using cushioning. to the which treats Transporting
Introduction carrying (optional ELPKS11) or to the with when the as first the to EPSON the
his chapter to and and to other The connected to or such as or You what to the or of the following: the to the as wireless the to or both The the or another such as the to or PA to the
the the these Remote AA A/V PS/2 and Soft carrying the of these to the the It should its or the
Additional You MicroSaver anti-theft the the right to the these To (One usually with each To the to (One by/or purchased from Apple that If include To the to or other You these items from If the Unpacking the
the the the This the the within of the or the from the The the and the the the below to the from to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches
Warning: the when the There that the might though The light from the It that children should allowed to the Turn the that the right to the If the correctly, the crooked. of the to the the other to earthed The should indicated the
To the the off the cover as shown below. the AA included with the the polarity of the correct. the cover. batteries, the following recharge the or to fire or as as they If the with cloth. If them immediately. the the of
Connecting to You the to of XGA, VGA, and SVGA VGA, XGA The following of IBM PC or IBM or Apple including and Apple with including and To the and to the wireless as the section this chapter that to Connecting to
Connecting to PC the location of the to off the and they the of the to the the from the and the other of the to the where the from the If necessary, the of the to the Tighten the screws
the of the to the the the other of the to the sound the Connecting to
Connecting to PC the location of the to off the and they the of the to the the other of the to the Tighten the screws to they securely.
the of the to the the the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to the location of the to off the and they the You that with or purchased from connecting. of the to the the other of the to the or where from the If necessary, the to the
the of the to the the the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to the location of the to that that information. off the and they the You that with or purchased from connecting. the other of the to the the other of the to the of Tighten the screws
the of the to the the the other of the to Connecting to
Connecting to Source The with You or other to The or If RCA If four-pin If three-pin You the to both and the the selects the as the To first the The NTSC, PAL, PAL and SECAM and and the that detected. Chapter that the then to only type of The type of to the to the whether or the (A/V) with the the and the with or from the BNC type with
To to the Turn off the and they If RCA-type the A/V with If to YOUR OWN or the that with the yellow RCA of the A/V to the the other RCA to the the the other the A/V to the of the the white the and the the the the other of the A/V to the of the A/V Connecting to
Connecting to or PA of the the the other the Although the enough or to from the built-in SRS 3D sound function. To the to sound to RCA-to-3.5 or from off the and they
the to the the other of the to the or PA the RCA the right and the white RCA the RCA/3.5 Connecting to or PA
the his chapter the following information about Turning the and off Focusing and positioning the the with the and the operation the operating
The below the of operation operation foot front foot
Turning the On and Turning the On and Warning: the when the This It that children allowed to the turning the or off with the to the first with the switch. Turn the and its attached the following from or or PA off the the the Press the the or operation The flashes as the the this light If or attached, the or Allow about seconds Turning the On and
If the to the back while the operation there appears. the Doing the and the the the off the switch the The off. the to turn off the the and the about as the cools the cooled the operation flashing and electricity turning off the the the and amount of the This electricity, cools the and the of the the the to or the to off. operation
Focusing and Positioning the appears the that and correctly the To the the (the the To the of the the the to the or to Focusing and Positioning the Screen
the its This the If to or the the or the the of the as follows: the and the front of while the foot the This the they and freely. the While the foot or the the correctly. Release the to the their To the height of the the rear clockwise to the height or anti-clockwise to
How to switch The switch and The with XGA(1024 EMP-7550/7500 and SVGA(800 EMP-5550/5500. With to XGA(1024 VGA the alternately. The the VGA(600 the SVGA(800 The the VGA(600 as The than SVGA(800 With SVGA(800 the displayed with the both and Pressing the With than SVGA(800 XGA to of the or the Each the the the following The XGA reduced to the SVGA The with XGA and only the of the right the The of the the The of the right the The of the the The of the the the the to to the Focusing and Positioning the Screen
the You the top of the or the to the following Turn and off Switch input Access the to the and A/V off the and sound temporarily.) or functions only) the only)
the Remote The to commands these light too bright; type of light light (such as sunlight) the receiver; or other (such as heater). Correct these to the or the from If the other the PS/2 to purchase the to top To the the receivers located the front and back of the To to the as the PS/2) to the and You the to from the Source Effects Custom Remote Focusing and Positioning the
to the the the buttons the operation located top of the This the the Function or the Source Switches the input to Conmputer or Effects buttons to effects; Clear. Top Acts as right click, selection, and selects other Acts as click, selection, and selects other the of encounter. Switches and (PC input). Custom the Right/Left buttons. the or the Turns off the and sound of the temporarily. the Turns the or off.
the You the to the instead of the and the features the Focusing and Positioning the
The following the the operation Function the or off. Source Switches the input to Conmputer or or the the graphic these buttons to that or or to items operations. right arrows(tracking-/ Matches the internal clock to graphic (tracking these buttons to with or to operations. selection. Switches and (PC input). off the and sound of the temporarily. the the of
serious Chapter Troubleshooting, what to warning light The and the top of the its operating Flashing The Allow about seconds. and the The the (every the released, the Flashing off, and the cooling the cooling, operations executed. Flashing There internal or the to the off. Operation
This off when the functioning normally. Flashing The to replaced. Projection reached the of its and the with Flashing There with the supply, or malfunctioned the the internal This off when the The functioning normally. Flashing The too The turned off of overheating. Flashing There with the cooling or service
the to The the such as brightness and when the The the such as and when the such as VCR. The features, such as the tone and sound. The to The allows to features such as backcolor or The Effect allows to buttons. The About information about hours, and The to their factory
Accessing the To the the the operation or The appears: Press the to the To Press the the or to the
Press the or buttons (operation or the top or of the to through the choices. and buttons Source Effects Custom
The options whether the the or Press the or the top or to of options appears to the right. top Source Effects Custom
Computer) The connected and operating, and the the to to these Press the or buttons (operation or the top or of the to through the choices. Press the or right buttons (operation or the right or of the to of the the to back to the automatically. The to to the The following options when the Computer. item Select this item and then or the button(operation to the While the the or the <Down>, and <Right> buttons to the the finish, the to to the Tracking Matches the internal clock to graphic this to from the with the from the this whenever the or to from the
item Brightness or the Increase brightness to the or to the the light and areas. Increase to light lighter and or to the the light and of the the of the input Select this item and then or the (operation to the While the the or the and <Down> buttons to Next, the or and <Right> buttons to the selected Increasing that the while the finish, the to to the Pressing AUTO the input to the Press the AUTO while the the of input with AUTO such the to Computer items to their factory Select this item then or the (operation to the Next, and or the to the items. If and or the to clear the without
The (such as VCR or connected and operating, and the the to to these options. The to to the The following options when the item Brightness or the Increase brightness to the or to the the light and areas. Increase to light and or to the the light and of the Increase to and or to and (NTSC only) the of the Increase to or to red. Sharpness sharpness. Increase sharpness to or to the items to their factory Select this item and then or the to the Next, and then or the button(operation to the items. If and then or the button(operation to clear the without
The to related to item the the and Increase the to the or to the the tone of the the tone of the SRS SPACE sound effects. Increasing the sound effects SRS CENTER Increasing the sound effects items to their factory this item and then the (operation or to the Next, and then the (operation or to the If and then or the (operation to clear the without The to that normally item Prompt Temporarily displays the to which or the
item the whiteness of the white; warmer white. Press the or the and <Right> buttons(operation to the Press the to clear the and to the the when the from the Selecting ON this while OFF off Rear Mirrors the when from Selecting ON while OFF turned off whether or when the and information about creating user the input Press button(remote) or the (operation to the from AUTO, NTSC, NTSC PAL, PALN, PALM, PAL60 and SECAM. To the selection or the (operation Selects the English, Spanish and
item items to their factory Select this item and then or the to the Next, and then or the to the If and then or the button(operation to clear the without
The to the Follow these to and the (with the to as Press the to the Select the option the arrow the operation or the the Then the to the The this as appears the Choose or the or right arrow or or right the Then selection appear the To the of the to as the the arrow buttons (operation or the Once selected the the The this appears the Select and the If to the Next, the appears the the arrow buttons or then the The this appears the and the If to the
the the or other while the the the completed" appears the the or to the
The Effect the the Also, the Select the item to then button(remote) or the to the item the and the the and the and Clear functions Cursor the to or High. (LMH) to their factory
About RESET ALL The About displays information about Press or the (operation to the information. the Computer: H/V of the the of the Refresh Rate the refresh of the the of hours the used. The light when the the of its life. this the with as as the the the of hours the used. The light when the the of its life. this the with as as Selecting the option the to their factory While this command, the from and "RESET ALL" flashing the of the Select this item and then or the button(operation to the
Next, and then or the to items. If and then or the to clear the without
You should the or smears appear the You to clean the the of the Warning: of the off the and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service to cool the and from overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or service
Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the the with cloth. To or the cloth with and and the To the first the To or the casing with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinners or other These the casing to
Cleaning the the with the the top from the housing. Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the and the Turn the its that the top and the easily. the cover to release the cover. the cover. The attached to the of the cover. It recommended that and other office to clean the If cloth. If the to or the torn, or EPSON Service the when Cleaning the
the This high heat and high the and burns To serious to the the from the and the to cool least hour). the this from the housing. The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the EPSON only or ELPLP07) Turn off the and the the its with the the top easily the cover.
screwdriver, coin, or to screw the cover. the screw off the cover. (You this screw from the cover.) screwdriver, coin, or to screws holding the (You these screws.) the and the the
Gently the lowering securely. Tighten the screws the cover and the cover screw. the cover securely The the cover
Troubleshooting his chapter the indicated the lights and information to with the It the following with the and what to of the lights with the or Sound" and what to the or there sound. If the section and follow that apply to If of the the or EPSON Service
with the If with the first off and Then the back and the If this the the warning lights the top of the These lights to with operation. the following information what to when these warning lights or other with the The operation flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the The operation Turn off the that the securely both the and the and the or to or the red. the as Operation
Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself. The red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cool then back nothing the The clogged. Clean it as Chapter and then the cool while. If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or internal service with the
with the or Sound appear the that the light and the cover off. the correctly, as Chapter The selected. Press the Source the or the operation to choose another of the displayed. If the higher than the the If the with this choose the the group. Macintosh, choose the Apple and then choose Monitors. the choose and or another selected. Supported (EMP-7550/7500) or (EMP-5550/5500) You to existing created them software information. The NO SIGNAL displayed. connected to the selected, the from the or the reaching the the securely attached to both the and the Then that the selected correctly. NO SIGNAL displayed, the
displayed. The the the or the The or of the or the Brightness and the If the Tracking and the operation There or smears the Clean the as Chapter The of the right. The incorrect. If the red, and the If the and (NTSC only) the There sound. that the turned the and that the A/V securely attached to both the and the The selected. Press the or the or operation to the with the or Sound
Technical Specications of Poly-silicon TFT of EMP-5550/5500 EMP-7550/7500 Screen inch inch Projection Remote 1W 1W aspect ratio ratio UHE High Efficiency EMP-7500/5500 ELPLP06 EMP-7550/5550 ELPLP07 Mechanical inches
Mechanical inches inches VAC and VAC Rated V, approximately V, Operation: C), Operation: C),
Supported (EMP-7550/7500) The displays of To higher the the to The following the the Format PC98 VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) The of allow the to correctly. (EMP-7550/7500)
Supported (EMP-5550/5500) The of allow the to correctly. This with graphic and boards only. The displays of To higher the the to The following the the Format PC98 VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) The of allow the to correctly.
and assignments The and RGB, The assignments input input input GND GND GND GND GND GND GND SDA (DDC) input input SCL (DDC) and assignments
Brightness. The of light and type of that and information of the the highlights and of high-contrast light bright and NTSC. the National NTSC North America, and PAL (Phase New and of Africa. of the amount of inch or sharpness and clarity as increases. RGB. type of which and separately. SECAM TV Eastern and of Africa.
type of interface that wire. The connected the switched off. this the LED lights If the the switches off and seconds the
Printed