Functions and Troubleshooting Projection Others cover-F DICF43 Printed 01.04-.5A(C01)
to that the following items included the when the and from the items found to Remote 2AA with the (three-cell Cord RCA RCA USB PS/2 (Red/White) (this Accessory USB MOUSE PS/2 MOUSE
IIII clear Clarity clear bright areas, of high-resolution Compact and light easy carrying around. Approximately DVI-D* that with DVI-D input This connected to
IIII this displays of displays this and the to that the correctly and to to and other and to to property. Explanations these displays below. that they reading this that death or Warning that or to property Includes and Reference: Indicates reference to the of the termsthis and this this The this and this appear this and these terms cover the with the and other optional products. The and apply to when the this
IIII Read and the following to of the If of the following switch off the immediately, the from the and or The of or such as to or sound emitted. or the of the the or the Continuation of operations these the of fire or shocks. Repairs should attempted the The to the should other than service The of the that the outbreak of fire, or other other than that displayed. The of other than that specified the outbreak of fire or shocks. the specifications of the Cord. The Cord with the conforms to the specifications of the country of purchase. If the to other location, the and of the country and purchase that conforms to that countrys specifications. Cord. to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. that the following strictly to the Cord. anything heavy the Cord. or the that the heaters. or the becomes Precautions Warning Other than those specified
the when the switched light that sight households with when and to these instructions the outbreak of fire or shocks. the following when and too to or to which or other adhered. that the and as as they to or with the Cord when disconnecting and that the or The includes such as the and If of these should them with to and then or and repairs. or that top of the If the and the the outbreak of fire or shocks. or or or other the suction and outlets the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks. the or the battery-operated locations with such as vehicles with closed to sunlight, or the of and heaters. to this heat-distortion that the of the and the of fire or shocks. or the to this through shreds the Warning
the or heavy to this becoming or causing injury. the such as or to this becoming or causing or the within the reach of to this becoming or causing the or locations, or tions where would to or such as or to this the outbreak of fire or the suction or outlets. to this the build of high the leading to the outbreak of fire. the the following locations. areas, such as or bookcases. On top of or cover the with cloth or other Also, that least of the and the that the from the when to used. to this the outbreak of fire. that the switched off, the from the and other disconnected when the to this the outbreak of fire or shocks.
to the immediately the used. the to cool sufficiently leaving least sixty the switched off. to this burns or other of the to the and leading to the outbreak of fire, and the following to of batteries, or together with that specified the instruction If should from the battery, the with cloth and then the accordingly. the immediately when the arrives. the when the to of apply heat to the or them or that the with the polarity and If that from the off immediately with of with the regulations each that the and nected from their when to this shocks. Confirmation
the of the (+5C to +40C) and the leading to to the the of the (-10C to +60C) of the to the sunlight of the with the cover The heat the the cover to become The with high-accuracy and than active that there of of and that constantly Precautions Precautions
This section and and the items that should operating the IIII and Operations outlet Foot Foot Remote using this and Operations
I/O Theft-protection Remote Screw holding the and Operations
Rear Foot Rear Foot (suction This to when the with optional Switches the supply and off. [Computer] Switches the BNC (RGB) and IM2 Switches the and (BNC and the the when the of or This functions as the and when the or text displayed. that currently the to the previous when this and the of Press this when A/V Tracking Tracking and Operations
the when appear the and right when this and text [A/V Temporarily the and sound. Projection when this once or when the or when the displayed. when the Switches the and the when Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the when with the the when the the item and the the when the or text displayed. (Switches the input to when I/O the Switch Switches the to or DVI-D the switch with the of or other pointed to the #1-DVI-D the R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb H/C the RGB the A/V or the RGB Remote the optional (ELPST04). Connected to the when the to as wireless (Computer1) the from the and A/V to the and Operations R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Audio(Computer1) (RS-232C)
the A/V the from the and A/V connected to the BNC or the the A/V the A/V sound the from the to from the DVI-D or (RS-232C) Connected with (RS-232C) the when the optional software to with the sound connected from the the tor and Operations
light-receiving the when the The light or the switch off. Temporarily the Press this once to the [A/V Temporarily the and sound. this once or the and reduces the the sub-screen when Press the to this [Effect] the function. Press the to this (Light)] The seconds. Switches the supply to the and off. [R/C ON OFF] switch Switches the and off. The operations when this switch [ON]. the item when pressed, and then the to the items when or right. This function operates as the when projected. The when this or right. and Operations A/V R/C ON OFF
the function used. to the previous when the or text displayed. This function operates as right-hand the when projected. of the and the [Comp1] Switches to the from Switches to the DVI-D when the switch to (right-hand Switches and the [P P] the within the or the as sub-screen. This function this once the the of Press this when [Comp2/YCbCr] Switches the from the BNC Switches the and the when Switches the aspect ratio and when projected. the input Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset and Operations
Rear Battery and Operations
of Remote Operations the and from the light there where the function. that the within the to the and right that the [R/C ON OFF] switch [ON] when the the the light-receiving There where the of the when reflected off the type of sunlight or light the light If the function or malfunctions, there that the this the accordingly. the optional (ELPST04) to of or Rear Approximately and and Approximately Approximately Light-emitting the and Operations to the and right
the Remote The with the following that of the type used. the Battery Apply to the holding the Battery and then upwards. the that the correctly with the and the the cover. Apply to the cover clicks batteries: three-cell (LR6). The should once every three months when thirty and Operations
This section of installation, and the tion and IIII Procedure the and to the the outlet the front of the or the (suction the rear of the There where or the the when the to this. the location where to the from or heaters. the to that there least of the and the the with cloths or other The locations that to the and from the front from the front with the optional and the to [ON]. Procedure
from the rear. the to [ON]. with the of the optional Screen and the that the from the to the The approximately and the about the of the the following reference the that the than the 30-inch to 40-inch to 60-inch to 80-inch to 100-inch to 200-inch to 300-inch to Screen The the when the If optional to used, to the instruction further The become when the correction function used. Procedure of the from the
The the of the and right-angle to the from the from the top or Although the with the front foot there where the with the correction function. A:B Procedure
This section the to and IIII Connecting the to Switch off the supply to the and to the There with which established and that though established. First of to that established with the Conditions Condition The with to that the with that such as the [RGB the and the If this, to chapter the instruction There computers, such as and that allow or which optional purchased. the there when it to switch the with the and the NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU The and sound to to The shown products. to the instruction further Condition The and of the within the boundaries the chart the Projection the the and shown the chart the (there where Confirm the and with the instruction There that allow the to this the to within the shown the chart the Connecting the to
Refresh Rate PC98 VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA MAC13 VGA SVGA MAC16 MAC19 XGA MAC21 NTSC PAL SECAM SDTV HDTV (720P)16:9 HDTV Used On) Connecting the to Used
the of the Switch off the to the and to the nection. to this Confirm the of the and the of the the tion. Applying force when the or of the and and to the the to the the with the supplied. the switch to the with the of or other pointed the the Connecting the to with the
the the 5BNC the and the to this and malfunctions. when the the of the to the instruction further There where the optional (ELPAP01) and when to Macintosh. It to establish with both the and the when to connected. the The connected to the with the of the when the the to station. The connected to the with the the the switch to the with the of or other pointed the (optional) Connecting the to
the of 5BNC the to the BNC with the optional (ELPKC11). the BNC the to [RGB] when establishing the the with the 5BNC 5BNC (option, ELPKC13) when the 5BNC. to both and when to connected. Connecting the to R/Cr/Pr B/Cb/Pb H/C G/Y Audio(Computer1) Remote (RS-232C) BNC (optional) with the first with the
the of DVI-D* to the without displays and mounted the the Computers to the DVI-D with the optional (ELPKC20/21). the switch to the (right-hand with the of or other pointed There where the to switch the to the DVI-D. to the instruction the further If to the 5BNC DVI-D (optional) Connecting the to
Sound The with built-in of outputing of 3W, and to sound from the Connecting the to the (Computer1) to the with the supplied. Connecting the to the to the (RCA with the RCA the The the selected sound. Connecting the to with the output RCA the (Computer1)
Connecting It to sound the the to PA active or other with built-in amplifiers. the The sound externally when the the Sound from the when this The sound the Purchase that matches with the the to used. Connecting It to the with the the to the with the to the There where the optional and when connecting to displayed when the connected to the DVI-D the attached to the Connecting the to
Connecting the (wireless function) This the to operated with the the as wireless the to the with the of the when the connected, and the when the connected. to to PC/AT PS/2 PS/2 (supplied) DOS/V USB USB (supplied) the USB mounted USB the of the supported. Operations connected to the used. There where the to to the tion the further Switch off the to the and the It to the with to or ADB tosh. Connecting the to USB USB (supplied) PS/2 to the and the with the
the following operations the established: Press the Right Press the the The operations the of the with the The when the displayed, when the Effect, or or when the The of the [ENTER] [ENTER] A/V R/C ON OFF Remote A/V R/C ON OFF Remote Connecting the to
IIII Connecting Switch off the supply to the and to to the The selected sound the of the to the with the RCA (Yellow). the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the (white) To the (red) the of the to the with the the the RCA (Red/White) to the the sound to from the To the (white) To the output (red) the Connecting RCA with the To the output RCA with the (White) To the (yellow) RCA (White) (Red) (Red)
the of the to the with the the that the following ported. the with the RCA (red/white) to sound from the To the R-Y To the To the B-Y the the BNC when connected. the with the the BNC the to or as the input used, when the established. R/Cr/Pr G/Y B/Cb/Pb To the (white) To the (red) the G/Y R/Cr/Pr RCA with the Connecting B/Cb/Pb (White) (Red) Conversion (three, the
the of the the to the Computer2/Component with the optional (ELPKC23). the to the the sound to from the To the output the BNC the to or as the input used, when the established. with Supports to the D4 Connecting To the (white) To the (red) RCA with the The (optional) G/Y B/Cb/Pb R/Cr/Pr (White) (Red)
the of RGB the Computer2/Component to the with the the the RCA (Red/White) to the the sound to from the To the To the To the Purchase the RGB to match the the BNC the to [RGB] when the lished. To the (white) To the (red) RBG the G/Y B/Cb/Pb R/Cr/Pr RCA with the Connecting (White) (Red)
This section and and the tions IIII completed. Preparations directly the once the supply switched to this the light eyesight. that the Cord used. The of other than the the outbreak of fire or shocks. with the attached. to this the cover becoming to heat. the to and the the Cord to the to the of the and Connector, the the and then as as Projection Cord Warning Connector
the the The operations when the Commencing Press the to the supply. The to and started. The from to steadily while. A/V Tracking Tracking input) played when input. the this displayed.) A/V the R/C ON OFF switch to [ON] first of when the A/V R/C ON OFF A/V Projection
Select the to which the when than item of connected. Press the connected to the or to switch the input Connected [Computer] whenever pressed) BNC (RGB) BNC(RGB) BNC whenever pressed) BNC BNC whenever pressed) without the item of nected. there physical the input switch to the immediately power-off there input or the The BNC switched with the [Computer] or [Comp2/YCbCr] of BNC (RGB), BNC or BNC the BNC Projection A/V Tracking Tracking to Select the top right-hand of Unit Remote the Comp1 [Comp1] Computer1 [Comp2/ Comp2/YCbCr Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr
Starting Switch the supply to the or If the nected then the [Playback] or buttons. The and If displayed, the once the there when to switch the with the or the establishing the tion. NEC IBM SONY FUJITSU the sound to to The shown products. to the instruction further Press the when that DVD players or input. The and whenever the switch pressed. There where of
IIII through the following Turn off the connected Press the to that the to switched off displayed. Press the once The extinguished, the and the cool- The from to once the cool-down completed. The amount of the seconds the Press the to switched off. The seconds (the It to the as than the as with operations when the this please attained. A/V Tracking Tracking OFF? Please to off. A/V Tracking Tracking A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
cooling that the operation the from the the from the when the to this to the and the the the R/C ON OFF switch to [OFF] when the The when the [R/C ON OFF] switch the [ON]. that the [R/C ON OFF] switch the to [OFF] when the Foot Steady the hand, and then the Foot with and the Unit. the cover. A/V A/V R/C ON OFF Foot
IIII the The the following the of the the Foot with and the front of the The Foot from the Foot and then of the the of the Foot to the height. There where the when foot the with the correction function The Foot the Foot with and lowering the the Projection higher Foot
IIII the It to the of the and function to the and function the to the to of The when the the
the when the with foot Press the to the The corrected The corrected It to the correction function (through as as the of the within of to of and of and The the as shown below with the of the with The reduced when correction The of the correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. correction from the the A/V Tracking Tracking A/V Tracking Tracking
IIII Quality and the of the the to the It to the the or with this clean the accordingly. Correct the of to (when Automatically the to the The items include the and Press the the (the the If initiated when the A/V or tions the function the type of the there when correctly. this the Tracking and A/V Tracking Tracking Quality Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
Tracking (when when the Press the [Tracking the Synchronization (when when flashing, and the Press the the Calling (when It to and them when required. Press the the The and whenever this pressed. There when these the output from the flashing and There where flashing and caused the and synchronization the tracking tracking and synchronization input the such as when The Quality A/V Tracking Tracking A/V Tracking Tracking Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
IIII Introduction of Functions The functions that operated buttons when below. Function Reference the of when A/V Temporarily the and A/V A/V sound. the the of the the Effect to the [1]-[5](Effect) to the Preset tion Automatically the Tracking that appear Tracking the Synchronization flashing, and that appears the the the Unit Con- Unit Introduction of Functions
This section the effective and useful such as tions, with this IIII Functions Function The of when sections and below when Press the The displayed. the Press the the the and the to the Functions A/V Tracking Tracking HELP the the sound selection(Language) If follow the instructions to the unsuccessfully, the from the and with :Select Comp1 Comp2/BNC
the the item pressing the the (the the the operations procedures and to and the items. to [Troubleshooting] this the text The the A/V Tracking Tracking HELP appear the The The The displayed the off/too The of the correct. The too The :Select A/V R/C ON OFF Functions
IIII Projection It to temporarily and and sound. A/V Function Temporarily and sound. Press the [A/V The and sound A/V Projection when the [A/V when the or when the displayed. the three of selected when and sound. Black The the and to the Function Temporarily the however, the sound muted. Press the The Press the once to this Projection A/V Tracking Tracking A/V A/V R/C ON OFF A/V R/C ON OFF
IIII Switching The and switched when switched aspect ratio of and Press the The switch. the of the There where the and the with the reduced or expanded that the fits the of the the input than the the of the input than the the of The switched the of the the as the of the the than the of the the the to through the displayed. the and right when SXGA displayed. Press the while the the to right full-screen and centered. A/V Tracking Tracking Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset Switching
the of Switching and recorded with and DVD IIII function) It to selected of without Press the The the right-hand to the to reduced or with and of of the displayed when the the to the and this ingly. Sub-screens when the function used. function) A/V R/C ON OFF The displayed.
IIII Function The [Effect] buttons to displayed The tion the Cursor/Stamp the Press the the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. the the to the of the The the location of the when the the pressed. The function and the when the pressed. The when the pressed. The when the function the Press the the the the to the to the Press the to the Effect Function
the the to the to the Press the to the The when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the of the this The when the function Spotlight spotlight of the Press the the switch three spotlight whenever the pressed. the to the spotlight. The function and the when the pressed. The when the function Effect Function
the Press the the to the The selection switch three whenever the pressed. Press the to the The function and the when the pressed. There where the to the tion of the background and the the of the this The when the function Canceling Press the the The and other Effect Function
IIII Function The or displayed as sub-screen the or Press the [P P] instructions the and the sub-screen the top right-hand of the Press the the to the of the sub-screen. Press the to the of the Press the the to switch to sound. Press the the to to the main-screen sound the sound switched. Press the to the sub-screen The operation the The sub-screen when the button The or only) the and the the sub-screen, and the the with the Switch the and sound of the sub-screen to fixing the sub-screen's The sub-screen switched If the of the the the sub-screen the sub-screen previously. the and the sub-screen the sound input shared, to sound input. Function
This section the and operations. IIII The when sound from the Press the while the the when sound input. when sound to and A/V Tracking Tracking Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
IIII The the and to items The top and and of Also, the with the input (connected items 15/BNC-RGB) (DVI-D) Effect Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input items when input. Top Effect Advanced About :Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal Select Select Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Select Tracking Brightness Sharpness Normal Select Effect Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Select Brightness Sharpness Normal Brightness Sharpness Normal ON OFF Smooth Motion Select
Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select Effect Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select The as 0H and hours, and of hour hours. Sound Effect Prompt A/V BNC OFF Black ON OFF Black RGB ON OFF Information Select [English] ON OFF RGB Comp2Sync Termination Rear ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select Advanced About :Select The information displays the of the input Cursor/Stamp Spotlight Cursor ON Source Negative On SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
IIII Operations The operated from both the and the Press the The top displayed. Select the Press the the the or the to the the selected Press the the (the the to the selected The selected. Then the Press the the the or the to the The items the and information with the input Operations A/V Tracking Tracking RGB Comp2Sync Termination Rear Advanced About Select [English] ON OFF Select ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Preset
Select the Press the [Tracking the the or right the to the attached to the of the item that the and the Press the to this selection, and then the to the of further information the function of each of the other items the Press the The Press the to to the the The items displayed the with the input and other than that to the input when input. RGB Comp2Sync Termination Rear [English] ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON OFF Select Operations
items Top Function the and right. Press the to the the played. Tracking that appear the the and that appears the and as of the brightness and It to the of the the synchronization the Brightness the brightness of the the of the the of the the of the Sharpness the sharpness of the Corrects the of the with clear Normal: without correction. with tint. the input Automatically the input Press the and the from the input selection played. Preset It to the input (input Brightness, Contrast, Sharpness, Press the and the which to from the selection displayed. The the of the that the this The the Operations the Normal Not
Top Function the Press the and the from the selection displayed. The the the the PAL the Cursor/Stamp the and of the allocated to the the Press the and the item to played from the The and to the selected and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. to the Press the and then the firmation displayed. to and sound to the the of the high tones. the of the tones. sound to the Press the and then the firmation displayed. Select to and sound to the the and of the and of the to the the Press the and the item from the The the function. Spotlight the of the spotlight allocated to the the Press the and the item from the spotlight The the function. Operations to Color:
Top Function the and of the to the the Press the and the item from the The and selected each of the and The the function. The switched and each the pressed. Cursor Selects the of Cursor. L: to the Press the and then the firmation displayed. Select to and sound to the which appear The reduced when correction The of the correction recorded. that match the when the or the sharpness correction. the input the functions sub-screen. The function the the The and other The and it Prompt whether to the input the or ON A/V the when the [A/V ton pressed. and they BNC the the input connected to the BNC RGB: when the input RGB when the input when the input Operations to Black RGB
Top Function the function when input. this [ON], and the the input and operations of thirty (the operation Press the to Press the and follow the instructions played the The amount of to to the or the connected to the while this to this The that The when projected. Advanced the with which to played. Press the and the from the selection displayed. to the Press the and then the firmation displayed. Select to and sound to the the the switched The user and the of the the RGB: the of the RGB (red, and Press the to the the R, and items, and then the the to the Operations ON EPSONS English ON 7500K
Top Function Advanced Comp2Sync the termination to from On: Terminated OFF: TTL input Usually [OFF]. with the switcher when termination required. Rear [ON] to from the rear. The inverted. [ON] to when from the The inverted from to right and and The optional to the from the advanced to the Press the and then the firmation displayed. to and sound to the About the items the to the Press the and then the firmation displayed. the function from each to the and sound to the each The and BNC to the the the replaced. The and information displayed with the input and other than that to the input The information displays the of the input projected. Operations OFF OFF OFF
the currently displayed as the user the that to as the Press the and The displayed. Select and then the the (the the The to displayed. the of the with the and [Tracking the button the and then the the (the the The displayed. Effect Advanced About :Select the as Operations
Select and then the the (the the The displayed. the and then the the (the the The to displayed. Select and then the the (the the The the completed] displayed. amount of the process. the or connected while to this The that The the input Operations :Select the :Select the If the previous :Select this
This section and the of of them. IIII Troubleshooting think first of the the The with and to the Operation Recovery or Reference Stand-by (Not Projection when the pressed. Cool-down (Not The acount of the to cool (cooling the the The the cool-down This once the cool-down completed, the once then. Projection (Not Troubleshooting A/V Troubleshooting
Recovery or Reference Warm-up (Not The and become once the completed. Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. Extinguished The The switched switched the the supply to the Recovery and Reference with (ELPLP12). If the to and to repairs. that the and cover the The with that the from switched the and cover securely to the with (ELPLP12). Extinguished (Not The switched or Troubleshooting
Recovery and Reference internal (overheating) Cease operations, the from the and or and repairs. High-temperature (This the cooling operating the increases further.) the within the of and the and that the and outlet Extinguished (Not The switched or to the section the the following the appear the covered the the within the of and the and that the and Clean the Clean the Troubleshooting
IIII the to each item the following the The sound The The The The The The Nothing Nothing the the the switched off and then immediately? The finished the cooling The the cooling cooling operations: the operation completed. the ON? the [ON], the extinguished operations and input of thirty the the of the correctly the the [A/V the the input completely There where input become completely to input? the OFF. this to or to the to the items when the displayed.
[Not Supported] displayed displayed the of the from the higher than UXGA to that the the of the from the to the instruction to to the and of the from the the connected correctly? the input selected the Press the [Computer] or buttons the ([Comp1], [Comp2/YCbCr] the to switch the the supply to the connected or switched from the connected or and type to the externally because they to the LCD the switched to There which to the LCD when externally. the
The The areas. the the correctly? the increased the There where the to the too the The recommended and the within this the the light right the the the of the when the brought from and this to the this switch the off and the to while. the Tracking and The the [Tracking] and buttons the while the the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of Select the with There where the input the
The appears the connected correctly? the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the Tracking and The the and buttons the while the the the There where the the the correctly? the of the with There where the input the the of the with There where the input the the [BNC] to [RGB]. to or input RGB to [RGB]. the
The The The The the There that the correctly selected. Press the the with the selected correct? the with the the to the instruction to the the note-type and type computers. Either the that the the or the that only the brightness correctly the connected correctly? the correctly the correctly the and correctly (The the or the match with the of the this abnormality.) to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with input, the [BNC] to or input
The sound to the If the that the to the near. the to the near, the appear and the this the with the correctly the correctly the sound input connected correctly? the which sound selected? sound from connected Confirm the sound from connected the turned right the [A/V function There that the [A/V Press the [A/V the or the to the [A/V the
The A/V R/C ON OFF the pressed) OFF If abnormality the of the inspections, the from the and with the the [R/C ON OFF] switch the the the The of the to the and right, and and the the and the too The of the approximately the connected and the the the light-receiving the the light-receiving to sunlight, light or other light the mounted the the mounted back to front? the The that the extinguished when the switched off. The Operation extinguished when the from the The operations. The cool-down (to allow the to the operation the switch off the The when this completed, the from the this *The amount of the cool-down the
This section of the items and other IIII Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Clean the becomes or the of the Please the about every hours of operation. other than the the cover that shocks. or to internal inspections, repairs, cleaning and other when the and Connector. the outbreak of fire and shocks. the following when the or that become or to them. that the and the as as they to and with to the immediately to this burns or other Turn off the and allow the to cool least first. the and Connector from their when carrying to this shocks. Switch off the and the Cord to cleaning of the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the Warning
Cleaning the Gently the of the with cloth. the the with cloth with medium-strenth cleaning with and then with cloth. thinner or other active to this or from the Cleaning the Clean the with the and cleaning The of the easily and using anything other than Cleaning the and the internal of the the becomes with and and this that the its and the cleaned with to the and from If to the from the or to crack, to this with the the the as the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the
IIII the Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surrounding the that the its when the to the and from the the catch to the of with regulations community. the
IIII the the the following ELPLP12). displayed thirty the of the the and below the the when light the as as the displayed to the and The approximately hours of to the brightness and Although the displayed of there where the characteristics of each and other lighting this hours this reason, from OA Inc. from If the should the to injury, and or to repairs. the The A/V Warning
Switch off the supply, allow the to cool and then the Cord. The amount of the to cool the surround- the cover the cooled sufficiently. It least the to cool sufficiently. the screw fixing the with the screwdriver with the the right-hand of the cover slightly forwards to release the to the and then the cover. the the screws holding the and then the the the as as and then with the screws. exceeding when the The of force the the the
Attaching the cover. First the the of the cover, and then the right. the cover and with the screw. the and cover firmly. The the and cover with the the the as the that the with the following the with the Press the or seconds. The the the displayed. Select Press the [Tracking the the button the and Press the the or the the to the process. the A/V Tracking Tracking ON the ON Comp1 Comp2/BNC
This section optional items and service as as specifications, and other technical information. IIII Optional The following optional purchase with MAC ELPAP01 Soft Carrying ELPKS10 ELPDC01 ELPKS25 (XGA) ELPDC02 ELPAW01 ELPDC03 Throw ELPAL01 ELPKC02 Plate ELPFC01 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 Plate ELPFC03 VGA-HD15 ELPKC10 ELPFP01 VGA-HD15/BNC PC ELPKC11 ELPFP02 VGA-13W3/BNC WS ELPKC12 ELPFP03 VGA-BNC/BNC WS ELPKC13 ELPFP04 VGA-EVC WS ELPKC14 ELPFP05 VGA-EVC/BNC WS ELPKC15 ELPFP06 ELPKC18 ELPSC06 ELPKC19 ELPSC07 I/F (DVI-D/DVI-D ELPKC20 ELPSC08 I/F (DVI-D/DFP ELPKC21 Remote ELPST02 HDTV HD15/D ELPKC22 Remote ELPST04 HDTV 3BNC/D ELPKC23 ELPSW06 ELPKC24 ELPLP12 Others Optional
IIII Transportation The and that the following to the from the to the repairs, the which the the of purchase. If the the wrapping shock-proof to and then repeatedely the the optional (ELPKS25) and clearly that it the and then It recommended that the With attached to the carrying the optional (ELPKS25). Carry board as when the covered the warranty. Transportation
IIII Terminology This section the within the items which and other A/V Temporarily the and sound the The sound and the [A/V the Press the [A/V once or the or the to the DVI-D The input that conforms to the DVI to transmitted). tion and tracking The that the broadcasts within Remote with this SVGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and SXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and Sync(synchronization) The clearly this with the of the tor. the known as synchronization. Projected to and VGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and XGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and USB This interface paritively to the UXGA IBM PC/AT (DOS/V with and The of the that light. when the high, and when the through three as Red-Bright (R-Y), Bright (Y) and Blue-Bright (B-Y). This the (the red, and and their brightness to clearly. The software to the Cool-down cooling to the supply switched off and the extinguished. The cooling to when the entinguished, and operations This known as the cooling The amount of the cooling with the surrounding Terminology
strengthening or the tone of the to acters and clearly and tint. This known as to the of with the of to increase brightness. Theft-protection theft-proof the through the the to to or These the Security Inc. Tracking The clearly this with the of the tor. the known as Projected to and synchronized. Terminology
IIII Specifications Product EMP-7700 Height the and 1.3-inch Height Corner-to-corner Poly-silicone TFT 12-phase writing Count (light UHE ELPLP12 rated 200W 3W 3W Sound AC100-240V approximately 285W, 9W power-saving to +40C(with to +60C(with DVI-D (switch) with with BNC) RCA (L, R) DIN BNC RCA DIN Remote RS-232C RCA (L, R) Specifications
IIII sheet of the and the items contacting to with the of the that occurred with The supply switched Nothing the NO SIGNAL The input The to the back) Projection (the displayed) property) LCD Refresh MAC EWS DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The or too which nothing The than the The The clear The or focused. characters The or the or too The or The or The TV and CRT the Connector firmly? Specially Switching The ON Information ON SYNC polarity SYNC Negative Negative Refresh Information ON AUTO NTSC Others EMP month the of the and the of and Connector firmly? BNC DVI-D firmly? switch when
Sound sound heard The too The sound sound MAC EWS the sound DVD, of Immediately the of Other.( of Other.( The Sound Connector the sound when connected to A/V Specially Switching EMP Purchasing month Sound input firmly? Audio1(Computer1) Audio2(Computer2) RCA input Computer1 Computer2/BNC (BNC) when
IIII World-Wide Warranty Terms This includes warranty, which allows the to repaired than forty-five countries of the world. that covered the terms of warranty stated the terms of warranty the warranty when the purchased each country. The warranty the the following Greece Ireland United <North America and United States of America <South America> Chile and South Thailand The warranty to the following and 1)The warranty when the together with the warranty or of purchase issued the country of purchase. 2)The warranty based the warranty and established or service countries the instruction The of warranty months from the of purchase. The warranty cover the of and with the within the of the warranty. The user with the of as basic 3)The warranty apply the following a.Defects or optional the to or the instruction c.When repairs or third other than or service through the of optional or tured or otherwise authorized The with the to the supply of the country of purchase. using the overseas, that specifically that country purchased. of the warranty This of as of Access the information. If the www.epson.com. World-Wide Warranty Terms
<EUROPE> AUSTRIA EPSON Austria BELGIUM EPSON Address: BULGARIA PROSOFT AI BG-1113 Sofia CROATIA HR-10000 CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 FINLAND geographical excluded) FRANCE EPSON F-92300 Address: GERMANY EPSON D-40549 Address: GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. H-2040 IRELAND ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO- World-Wide Warranty Terms LUXEMBURG EPSON Address: MACEDONIA NETHERLANDS EPSON Address: NORWAY POLAND FOR EVER PL- PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. Address:
DENMARK ITALY EPSON F. (MI) Address: SLOVENIA SLO-1001 SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN At. SWEDEN <NORTH, CENTRAL AMERICA CARIBBEAN ISLANDS> CANADA CANADA L4B IJ3 Address: COSTA RICA S.A. World-Wide Warranty Terms SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 TURKEY TIC. A.S. MEXICO S.A. C.V. AV. DF Address: SLOVAKIA SK-98401 Address: UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ Address: YUGOSLAVIA BS U. S. A. America, Inc. Airport CA90806 Address:
<SOUTH AMERICA> ARGENTINA S.A. Aires Address: BRAZIL SP Address: <ASIA OCEANIA> AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTY LIMITED Street NSW AUSTRALIA Address: HONGKONG EPSON Technical (Information Harbour Road, HONG KONG Address: JAPAN SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION SHIMAUCHI PLANT VD Customer Group: JAPAN CHILE Chile S.A. Address: COLOMBIA Address: KOREA EPSON KOREA CO., LTD 17F HANSOL KOREA MALAYSIA EPSON TRADING (MALAYSIA) SDN. BHD. U1, SINGAPORE EPSON SINGAPORE PTE. LTD. Commonwealth SINGAPORE World-Wide Warranty Terms PERU S.A. Address: VENEZUELA S.A. Address: TAIWAN EPSON 10F, East Road, Section THAILAND EPSON (Thailand) Tower, South Sathorn Sathorn, Thailand EPSON Technical Tower, Road, Rachataewee, Thailand
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION 3-chome, Representative EPSON EUROPE B. V. EJ AMSTERDAM, Declares that the Product of LCD ELP-7700 EMP-7700 Conforms to the following Directives and Norm(s) to ISO/IEC and EN Directive 89/336/EEC Directive 73/23/EEC The EN EN EN61000-3-2 EN61000-3-3 EN
DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located MS: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to tion and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, includ- interference that operation. EPSON of Product LCD EMP-7700 ELP-7700 According to 47CFR, and Airport CA Telephone:
This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This the Class from as the interference of the of FCC United States
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this only. IBM/International Inc. Windows/Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
Projection Troubleshooting Functions and Others cover-F DICF43 Printed 01.04-.5A(C01)