the while to the thoroughly this the turned QUICK REFERENCE GUIDE WARNING
the the and the the obtained. of to of about inches the and the
Connecting to of You to optional or purchase to the to the the of the If connecting (such as DVD the optional to the to the the of the Turn off the both the and the other connecting them. To Connecting to Source (accessory) (yellow) To To (white) To (red) A/V (accessory) Computer (white) (red)
the cover. of the to the the to The light Turn the the input the of VCR, the PLAY button. Press the to the flashing and (Warm-up If the the R/C switch to the ON and then the
If or with LCD connected to the to the the or or the The normally holding the and pressing of the Function Once the the If the to the should used. to the with of NEC TOSHIBA IBM SONY FUJITSU restarting the the and sound that Mirroring active. If appear the input If other to the information. Press and then follow the instructions. Remote Remote to Troubleshooting.
the and of If the the You the and buttons the to You the amount of the front foot to the The within of approximately foot Foot the and Turn to to increase the Turn to to reduce the
Automatically to the Press the or the The and synchronization Other Press the or the The displayed the and then such as brightness, and sharpness. Remote Turning the the on-screen Remote Select Select right right
If the Correcting and of correction the become The correction that the or of the to the correction To correction to the factory the following. To the correction to the While the the or To the correction to the While the the or If the become appearance correction the Sharpness Press the to the If both and correction, the following With the front foot retracted, the that the front foot to the as necessary. the both of the the the top and of the both Correction Correction
Turning the and of Turn off the the connected to the Press the to off the flashing (Cool-down that steadily with and then the cord. If the disconnected while flashing with operation. the R/C switch the to the OFF Turning the
Functions Projection This with of functions to the of the each function. function of the as wireless to the as follows. (accessory) USB to the to the USB of If the function PS/2 to the the accessory provided, otherwise the wireless function correctly. the The to the functions as left-clicking and right-clicking buttons You the to the from the the the to clicks clicks: Press right clicks: Press
Effect function of pressing button other than the the spotlights and Press Press appears the The type of to of three each the pressed. the to the Press the to the the Press (straight appears the The type of each the pressed. the to the spotlight appears the The of the spotlight to of three each the pressed. the to the spotlight. Functions
Functions function of Press of the the to around the To the the button. of Press the the appear the of the projected. the the to the to the of the to Press the of the button. The of the the ratio You the of the to reduce the of the
A/V function of Momentarily turning off and sound The A/V function momentarily the and sound, and displays or or the It when to of operations such as selecting when Press First the and then "A/V Then the type of screen to when stopped. The following choices The the Press once Projection of the and sound restarted. If this function while the and sound to played back, and to the where the A/V function activated. Functions Projection
Troubleshooting the of This with function which when the Press Select the item to Press the buttons the the the the selected Press the buttons the the the The selected item appear the
of Checking the The with that to with operation. The following what the and to that they and Projection when the pressed. Cool-down the switches to the (the lights Warm-up warm-up when input. the and to repaired. and This when the from the outlet the cool-down finished the the turned off. about about the and then that the properly and the cover closed. the with to replaced. the as as The appearance of the operation this the of the High (overheating). The turn off and about without operating the the and then High-speed cooling If the internal higher, that the and clear and that the too high. If showing which appear the or the of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty flashing Troubleshooting