WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and 3LCD of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-18615
that offers to ANSI of brightness. From classrooms to and bright and ordinary With its whisper-quiet operation, ease-of-use, and and the that off without hitch. Additionally, its built-in of The and incredibly and clear to theater-quality performance. You the to of computers, including IBM and Apple Macintosh, (including G3, G4, and G5 computers, and and With technology, the displays from VGA through UXGA. You of the following HDTV, VCR, DVD player, (such as Microsoft PlayStation and or The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM You to four to the the The buttons easily switch them, and each switch sound when switch With the Source Search to input the repeatedly the the
To unauthorized of user which to the and the buttons through the information about features, the from of or of these Connecting to or other If to the to or the USB to the shows, and to the Connecting to You DVD VCR, HDTV, and other to instructions. the The switch from to of or the and other features. Chapter connecting the USB included with the as wireless This through computer-based (such as from to information, Including sound If includes sound, the that with to the built-in
includes warranty brochures, and The instructions to and to or This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about More Information about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and technology. The art and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. built-in Press the the or to Download (frequently-asked and to If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN information.
Remote and VGA USB and Warranty with carry-in warranty and international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty brochure that with offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the Service To the that with and to products, and services. Unpacking the the these items:
to the the (or when to the to another location. Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other which from and the shown from to VGA
To purchase (U.S.) or Optional To of the the following optional Product Product V13H010L30 V13H134A06 Samsonite wheeled ELPKS35 ATA hardshell ELPKS51 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPAP01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down V12H162020 High V12H064020 security ELPSL01 mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts You purchase these from or the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMB36 ELPMBFCP ELPMBAPL ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC
the his chapter to the and to or You to four four and three or and instructions the following this chapter: Positioning the Connecting to Connecting to
You the from the Downloads the Positioning the connecting the to where to If the and isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the somewhere and from the the below to exactly increases with the and other to to to these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord.
to the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the isnt this the shaped, instead of or If the below the of the to the front foot, as This the to its the corrects the automatically. If the its the than or the disabled. To To manually, Other You from the or from the with the mounted Rear To from overhead, the optional mount information.) to or the Projection option the To from the rear, Rear information. the The corrects automatically. information,
If with RCA follow the instructions to You to the using USB To from the with the VGA that with or VGA5BNC Connecting the USB the as wireless the Connecting to You the to that VGA or BNC including PC computers, and and You the Follow the instructions this section the to with the VGA included with the the to with commercially-available VGA5BNC the to the USB that with that the as wireless to the as as on-screen using commercially-available to Connecting with the VGA Follow these instructions to to with the VGA that with and the turned off. If connecting the to the from the VGA that with the VGA
of the to the Computer1/Component or the Computer2/Component If to to the the Computer1/Component the other of the to or If or and cant the to the as shown below from To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the cover and the to the free of the Then the (with the the Tighten the screws the If to the and the Connecting the
VGA-5BNC the If to other and instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or the Comp1 or Comp2 the Connecting with VGA-5BNC If through BNC follow these instructions to the to with optional VGA-5BNC and the turned off. the from the VGA to the Computer1/Component or the Computer2/Component If to to the the Computer1/Component the BNC to BNC Tighten the screws the VGA If to the and the Connecting
If to other and turn instructions. If than connected to the the the Source Search the or the Comp1 or Comp2 the Connecting the USB Remote the as wireless through slideshow-style such as from to This easy to to To the wireless function, USB and the of of these operating 98SE, or XP OS to OS If the from the USB that with the and the of the to the USB You to the USB To from the with the VGA that with or VGA5BNC Connecting the USB the as wireless about the as wireless the
LCD to the correctly. If the Also, the refresh to or You or and the the of the to USB If necessary, to with If to other and instructions. Connecting If to as as the to the This while the turned and or switch the A/V the to off the when the connected to the Computer1/Component the and off. Then the to the as shown: If to other and instructions.
Sound Through the its sound however, If to of the built-in You from or of the to the the the other of the to headphone or or or If to other and it instructions. the If connected to the sound from both. the the connected to the to the the the other of the to the switch the sound from the
The TV TV VCR as the Connecting to Sources You DVD VCR, player, as Microsoft PlayStation or GameCubeor other to You to four The HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM, and the It RGB and The type of the commercially-available RCA A/V the with or from RGB the VGA included with the You purchase from to the to to sound from through the built-in instructions.
Connecting Source If commercially-available RCA A/V the and DVD or other off. the yellow RCA of the to the as shown below. the yellow the other of the to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the as the input the
the Connecting Source If to higher which usually with or purchase from information. the and DVD or other turned off. of the the and the other the of To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the as the input
Connecting RGB Source Follow these instructions to the to or that RGB the VGA that with the the and DVD or other turned off. of the VGA to the Computer1/Component or the Computer2/Component the the other to the To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to the (RGB) or (RGB) as the which used. the
the Connecting Source If them to higher (ELPKC19), which purchased from information. the and DVD or other turned off. the of the to the Computer1/Component or the Computer2/Component the three of the the and To sound through the follow the instructions If to other and instructions. If than connected to or as the which used.
Sound Through the The built-in with of W. You sound from through the RCA-Style this the with the to the to commercially-available A/V as shown below: the that with the of the to the to connected to the the to the to the and white the other of the to the and white the A/V the or white the other of the A/V to the If to other and instructions. the input its input To sound from the to the input switch the the sound from the
input its own input To sound from the to the input switch the the sound from the the this commercially-available to to the as shown below: of the to the to connected to the the to the to the other to If to other and instructions.
the ready to the and Although the without the features. Chapter instructions the This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the the the
the with the The heat the Projecting Turning On and other and correctly, as Chapter Then as below. If connected or the the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually. Turning On the Follow these to and the the and the of the to the
the other to The light top of the indicating that the turned the light flashing Turn or already. Press the top of the to (You the the The and the light flashes as the The seconds. the light flashing, ready to If the Source Search the or repeatedly only: If that found plug-and-play If prompted to To and the If to appear the Source Search What To If You Remote If the the first to the as the If the Direct ON (as to the to turn the the the light flashing and the ready to warning the when the This and Projecting
The of the selected appears the right of the with the as the correctly and from overheating. Selecting the Source If connected to the the should automatically. If than connected connected both and DVD to switch If the of the following the Press this to through the following (RGB) and Press this to through the following options: (RGB) Press to Press to You the Source Search the or repeatedly the projected. If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other
What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter the light and flashing and the off. selected the Allow seconds the to pressing the the to the input selected. If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the If from and the the and to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or
If with OS X: You to to the screen as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then Displays. Select VGA or LCD or and checked. Click Select If using with OS or You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the Click top of the other top of the other.
If the option isnt to of the Click the necessary. Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) the Once to To or the section. If the too high or too If the isnt To brightness, If incorrectly, To the and surroundings, You other to the imagesuch as the brightness, and aspect ratiousing the Chapter information. Select
Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions.
the Height of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the front foot. Once the where release the to the foot To the height of the the the back of the If the the section. Foot
You the buttons the to the ESC buttons the The corrects that when the or to The appears the while the the correction. If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or to manually the correction when using or Follow the below: To turn the the the the (or the arrow buttons the to the then If OFF the to highlight this option and Select ON the that appears and to the the To manually the correction the or the to the of the correction, slightly
You using the the Brightness The brightness of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the brightness the of the and the Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the or the the to the and (You this to The seconds, and then the appears the reappears, about three seconds the correction to Dont other buttons while this the You to the to that the and the which If or RGB the which bright other the which If the option the the corrects Normally to the Projecting
The following the with bright This the from other than RGB when bright This the when from or RGB Theatre when or TV bright when or conforming to the or to Blackboard Choose this when to their tints. To the the the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the
the You the buttons the or to increase or the the built-in or to the Press the to increase the or the to appears the while the the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If first. To off the the the or You this (If to off, other or seconds You the the You the each input the without first turning off, as this section. If the Direct ON (as follow the this section to the off.
the received input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You or off through the To the or the when the light or flashing Projecting Press the The off, and the light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, to that off. The light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the Press the foot release and the to the front foot, as shown. the and the cord. Turn off and the
sunlight and light, as these with reception. the Remote features from anywhere the to turn the and off, the of and the (The If and connected the as Chapter the as wireless the within of the the the front or back of the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to This chapter covers the following information: the and sound the as wireless the
Select through the input the Remote the and Sound You the to temporarily off the and sound, the action, or the and connected as Chapter Switching Sources If connected to than and/or the buttons the to switch the Press the Comp1 to the or connected to the Computer1/Component Press the to the or connected to the Computer2/Component Press the to connected to the Press the to connected to the Press the Source Search to through of the input the the appears. The of the selected (such as Computer1 or appears the
Turning the and Sound Press the A/V the to off the and sound and This useful to temporarily without the of bright To off the and sound, the A/V button. The To the and sound back the or You such as or to the whenever the A/V information. Action Press the to the action or and the the The sound however. Also, the to the action from the Press the or to Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair the to the to the selected to the Remote ESC A/V
You or to the aspect You the aspect ratio the the Remote While the the to about. Press the to the SC to to the the Aspect Ratio If the the to the aspect Follow these Press the once to the aspect ratio to Press to to aspect
the as Wireless the as wireless or through slideshow-style (such as from to This flexibility, to to To with the connected the USB as To the the To the the the the and the To click (or left-click), the To right-click, the To the To and and the and the to where to To the or the Press the or to back the Remote Left-click or the Right-click the
The off when than seconds. This life. It helpful, when the carrying and the pushed. the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the Remote the The AAA Follow these when to them: Press the to the cover. the then the as shown. the cover. (It should
the the the or to on-screen to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the and clarity the input Selecting options and other information the security Restoring the
the the The and the features: The the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The to the input You input the and aspect and tracking and The the the It allows to the and correction, brightness to high or the of the and buttons the while The the the the options, the or and or to as the or whenever the A/V the The Info information about and or The the factory
the buttons the to the and Follow these Press the the or to the The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the or the and arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to The highlight to the first option that the or the and arrow to through the of (The options which selected.) options Arrow buttons the
the highlighting the option to the the or or right arrow the to the to the to the Press the or right of the or the or right arrow the to To from or the or arrow buttons to highlight the then Press the to to the previous or to the the automatically. Press the to the
Colors and Clarity The to the of the and brightness, and sharpness. The options which selected: and RGB and Follow these to the appearance of Press the You the Press to the the
You High or brightness the the the (or the and arrow buttons) and to of the following Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or or bright (the when and Presentation: bright (the when or RGB Theatre: with and TV bright displays. Blackboard: Brightness or the the light and areas. and the or intensity of the and the of to the Sharpness or the the and of red, and the correctly, or
the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the tracking and or the aspect ratio to Press the You the the You of the following RGB) and RGB and the
If turned off, tracking and the the or the the If repositioned with the or to the Tracking or the the to the If tracking and manually, first the Press Then the (or and arrow buttons) and the to of the following this ON to the Turn off to and manually. Tracking from the internal clock to information about the Corrects or the with the tracking from the information about the the or arrow buttons to the the right, or Selects the from connected to the Computer1/Component If this from to of the following: or RGB or Selects the from connected to the Computer2/Component If this from to of the following: or RGB or
and this PAL PAL60 the aspect ratio (ratio of to to and to finished the or The the the from brightness and to the of the Press the Select the the
If correction, the Sharpness the To the function from the the about seconds. the Press Then the (or and arrow buttons) and the to the following from to (The corrected Automatically from to when the foot or retracted. (Not when from the or using Select ON or OFF this function buttons the to this the off the the light to steady turning from three Brightness Select brightness when the too bright the The reduces electricity and Select High to the brightness. the Brightness the the the finished, or
Selecting the to the the You the and/or the the and the background and or the and the Press the Select the You the and their the right Press Then the (or the and arrow buttons) and the to the following options: screen or off. Background Color: the background to Black or when the A/V pressed. or of the when the the or created as appears. information. the The option turned to created and the Screen option off the Protect turned
Direct turned the off as would normally. instructions. Direct to the turning off. the when the Projection front of the front of the mounted from the Rear: the the mounted from the Direct this as as the cord. You to the this the off when the input This electricity, cools the and the of the To the to Network ON to network and other when the COM Normally to this Both USB and RS-232C the as wireless RS-232C ASCII and to the from with the EMP 21L software, which from www.support.epson.com If the turn the off and then to Select the to and finished, or
and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and the Info You of the following RGB, RGB, RGB the of hours the used. The of the from about hours High to about hours If the shown to or the information red, Source the input currently projected. RGB and the input RGB and the input and the the You to of the the The the least hours.
the Refresh Rate RGB and the refresh Info RGB and information that the service technician. finished, or the Security To unauthorized of the the following: user that and/or when the A/V Assign this to the to the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the buttons while the If the the displayed as the and/or Unauthorized users off or This to theft and to the should
If the appears the whenever the turned If the incorrectly three the and to the cord, then to redisplay the If the incorrect the and to to Where To If the awhile to that temporarily the that the reactivated and the used. the of the buttons the Creating Screen You to the and then as the and/or the that displayed when the A/V The photograph, or other to The this the Follow these to the and to the the to the You from or such as VCR. Press the and the If the Protect option ON that the recorded. to the Protect option or the the If the and the to the the to proceed.
The the option the ON If the Screen to OFF the If the Protect option to ON the Background You to the function off first. Once the to its factory the the (or the arrow and to to the as and selection displays the the the or the arrow buttons the to the of the to Once selected the the this choose and If to the selected, and through this and then the as and the seconds. the or other while the the Completed To the as the background when the A/V the and Select Background and Then and finished, to the
Press the the about seconds the Protect Select and You the the Select and the the and the to The displayed as the appears. the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and To the the the about seconds the Protect Select ON Protect and Select ON and Then the If already the Protect Release Starting the with this to the these to the
If the the and the the If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the every turned the to 0H Press when The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and ON and this the appears whenever the turned the Screen the and as the A/V selected the as the Background the of the features when the Protect function Press to the Protect If the to the the the the passed, and the correctly, the to and the countdown to or this when to. the with the function this when the
Press the the as the buttons to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release to the If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To If incorrect the and to the the function, the buttons the Press the Select the and the (or and arrow buttons) to and the Select ON and Select and to the Press the the To the seconds.
The input and to their when To the input or the option the To the and the option the the Restoring the The to their It the hours to their instructions the To and the to the Select to the or to
warning of the turn off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to clean the and the and or to the and overheating. The only should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the Transporting the
The easily to the the or or rough to clean the to subjecting the to shocks. and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the
Cleaning and the Clean the and and the and rear of the every hours of If they cleaned periodically, they become with This overheating and the the and clogged, the displays the The overheated To the and follow these Press the to off the hear the the cord. Clean the the back of the the and the and the of the To the and using and other office If them using (such as If the to or the torn or or to The V13H134A06) please to and the You to the and the light top of the or flashing about the lights.
You to hours the used. Turn the off when Continuous 24-hour-a-day reduce the of this and Transporting the If to the off, as shown. the as It should the The typically about hours of high or hours brightness It to the when: The or to The light flashing The the appears the when the the as as If to the this there of the
or the United States V13H010L30. please to Follow these to the Press the to off the hear the the cord. If the allow to least hour (or the cool). the screwdriver that with the to the screw holding the cover. the cover then off. the screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant the screws.) and Transporting the the cool If the the to the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the
This includes that mercury Please and or recycling. the the of the assembly. Touching the to seat the and the cover. If the properly or the cover the and Transporting the the as shown and straight Gently the If easily, facing the Once the its screws. the (The should covered, and the top of the cover should with the top of the Then the cover closed and the screw. the as the section.
the You the the to clear the the Follow these the and the Press the the or and the Then You the following: Select the option and You the following: Select and Press to to the or the to the and Transporting the the the If the Hours accurately the of hours that the used. button
incurred and Transporting the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first carrying then firm cushioning around the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the following: the What to when the lights flash with the or sound with the with the buttons Contacting technical On-Screen If the right or isnt the the or The following choices with with sound with [Source Search]
to or Press to to the Press to selection Follow these to Press the the or You the the the or the and arrow buttons the to option. Then the to the the or the and arrow the to highlight the to Then the to the Highlight this choice Then the to the Press the to back If the to of the the the or the and right arrow buttons the to To the the If of the to the following Press to selection Press of these buttons to or Press to to the
What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light If the correctly, first off and Then the back and turn the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended the following
light light light Flashing Flashing There the Turn the off and Flashing There with the or Turn the off and Flashing The or correctly; or the cover the cover or or reseat the necessary, as If these Flashing the with as as instructions. If to the there The overheated and turned off. about then back there of around and the the and If to overheat, to the Flashing Flashing The too the the C) and there of around and the Clean the and necessary. instructions. The or You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling the light to flashing and
with the or Sound the connected. Also, to outlet to If the lights off and when the the as appears the that the light flashing, and the off. that the securely connected to or The or If the input off the to the and If the light the to the Press the A/V to the turned off temporarily. If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the or or the to the selected information. turned off the of the the Brightness the or High the Brightness the or
The attached or the If from the Nothing appears the the VGA connected to and the Computer1/Component It connected the to the Computer2/Component the from connected to the You with the displayed. the connected correctly, as Chapter the to or If connected and or to the Source Search the or the or the to the Allow seconds the to the If connected to
If PC the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If or with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or then If using or with OS From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If the isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
The Not Supported displayed. and the If necessary, as below. If from or the selected the It should to from PAL which should to PAL60 of the displayed. If from or RGB the the If this or from or to the the information. If of the the the the to and to the the to aspect ratio (ratio of to height). correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the Right-click the the and OS X: On the Apple choose Preferences then (or OS Select
OS On the Apple choose then or and Sound Select If this option isnt of the other You to existing created them software information. If and to the the the Turn off the The isnt trapezoid-shaped. the isnt off to of the or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If the upward, the the top. Turn correction as or the or buttons top of the the The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the and the off the LCD
If the or the Sharpness the the using the these to their to the If from or the the If using PAL this to PAL60 the securely connected both If from the Compatible If from the the or the the to tracking and automatically. If that the and Tracking the The the using the the off. There or smears the Clean the as the You to using the from the within the the Sharpness the You should to the the immediately. the Brightness and the
You or the trying the the section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as the with containing when these to appear as background. text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness of the or or interference. The of the right. the input the matches the from the connected If the too and connected or RGB to the Computer1/Component or Computer2/Component Computer1 or Computer2 as the input If connected to of these or If from or the selected the selecting instructions. If the and the instructions. the Brightness and the tracking of the used, exactly match the or
the the to the If the the nearing the hours as and necessary, as There sound. Press the the or to the If turned off the and sound, the A/V the to them If VCR or other its turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as Chapter the to the If includes the turned the or muted. the securely connected to both the and headphone or The selected. Press the Source Search the the or the the
You the the that appears the Protect Release and Where To If turned the the and the The You the to the If necessary, purchase from about with the Remote The to commands. within of the and within of the front or back to the or right and or below). The correctly or the as the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater. The while the light flashing. the light to flashing.
You the You the to features. If another from about You cant the with the the USB securely connected to both USB and the USB To the USB PC, clean of 98SE, XP, or The correctly from If or to USB from CD-ROM. the both the and the to the You cant the wireless function while the buttons the the or or with the The To the seconds. The while the light flashing. the light to flashing.
Where To technical through services hours as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included with This the to to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply.
To purchase (U.S.) or please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the or of the You purchase carrying or other from or the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active F=1.70 to to Brightness (ANSI) (High brightness ratio to inches to to to Projection rear, sound aspect ratio ratio (High brightness correction
and Turn the off when reduce the of the Technical Specifications About (High brightness); hours brightness) Remote About About vertically AAA Height to inches to inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, Supports USB B)
to F to C) to RH, and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC60950 Third Edition EN EN IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 to F to C) to RH, DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications Compatible You of the following VCR, DVD or The and RGB and the (HDTV, SDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). The these international Refresh Rate NTSC NTSC PAL PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM SECAM HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV
Compatible You the to of computers, including and Apple (including G3, G4 and G5 computers, and and high-end workstations such as the SPARCstation. Although the of from VGA through UXGA. To from the refresh thats with the the following the computers should to match the If this isnt of the other Right-click the the and through to the Advanced the then the of the OS From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected, then the and OS On the Apple choose then or and Sound Click the and You to existing created them software Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications The these Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV
Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided.
Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing This includes that mercury Please and or recycling. the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the WARNING: This chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-821
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: America, Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the specifications and from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The exchanged or or previously refurbished to the of and option, the another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If claimed or service, incurred.
THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices
cover Foot release foot Remote Computer/Component and related and related and related light light light USB wireless RS-232 (service only) Security Rear foot back the and Turn off and sound the Choose which to the Automatically search the Turn the on/off the and sound the the aspect ratio or the
cover Remote Computer/Component and related USB wireless and related Foot release foot and related light light light back the and Turn off and sound the Choose which to the Automatically search the Remote RS-232 (service only) Security Rear foot Turn the on/off the and sound the the aspect ratio or the