Printed 02.01-.*A(C05) Printed
About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following four to the the below. and This information the procedures from the through to to the and the included World-Wide Warranty Terms This information using the and includes instructions, warranty and troubleshooting to this thoroughly the This the to the (such as and or (this This information operation, the troubleshooting and Notations this information Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure The indicated should the of the numbers. of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates where or to the the correctly. Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
of the Includes and correction the easily corrected, vertically also. This allows to correctly the directly to the Compact and lightweight The with footprint the of A4 (D) (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) inches) and light (approximately with The selecting the from the following with the projected. required. Theatre PC Brilliant, Attractive its the high with high of beautifully clear bright Adoption of focal-length that 80-inch of This The 100-inch with of about 80-inch
Operations This chapter operations such as turning and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Cord Turning On the and Turning the Projector...................................9 the the the Correcting Distortion the Quality............................14 Focusing the Selecting the Selecting the Aspect Ratio..................................... SDTV HDTV..........................................................................................15 the the the the
Turning On the This section the from turning the to to the Instructions/ World-Wide Warranty and the that noted using the to Connecting the Cord Procedure the top of the cover and to the cover. that the turned off connected to the the or other to the the cover. the accessory to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to grounded the lights Lights The the and operated while the flashing it lights steadily.
Turning On the and Procedure The the and the operated while the flashing lights steadily. The appear the If than connected, the or buttons to the which the that to connected while to the following to of Remote Computer1 Computer2(Analog-RGB) Computer2(YCbCr) Computer2(YPbPr Computer2/Component [Comp2/YCbCr] Connecting the Cord Turning On the and Turn the connected to the the the to necessary. Check that the the flashing and lights the the R/C switch the to ON. Press the the or the to turn the the The flashes and that the flashing and lights (This approximately seconds.) Lights Remote [Comp1] Computer1(Analog-RGB) [Computer/YCbCr *The seconds. Operations
Turning On the If only connected, the from that without to of the buttons from the If the the If or with LCD connected to the the straight the that the to The following shows of to to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or NEC IBM the that Mirroring active. Connecting the Cord Turning On the and
Turning the Follow the below to off the of the Procedure Computer/YCbCr Source Remote the from the while the flashing If the while the flashing, and reduce the operating Turn off the the that connected to the that the connected off. Press the the or the The shown appear. If to off the other If the seconds (the off). Press the once The off and the flash as the cool-down that the to light the lights cool-down The (This factors such as the Lights If the of the from the The the and operated while the flashing lights steadily. Operations
Turning the the R/C switch the to the OFF the front foot Gently the while pressing the foot the cover. the cover to the when the to the from or dirty. If the R/C switch the ON the to the R/C switch to the OFF when the
the You the to the the The of the basically the from the to the The following to the once the Turn the the to Procedure the The this to the If would to the further, the further from the the The should as to the as from from the If the that exactly to the that slightly or vertically. To the upward, the front foot to the of to While the foot Procedure the front of the that the front foot the front foot the obtained, and then release the foot button. To the foot, and the foot and the Turn to to increase the If connected, the the or the to switch the and resized The that they the whole of the of the Normal The the that they input. The and the the Foot the Correcting Distortion the Turn to to reduce the A/V Remote Operations
the Correcting Distortion the appear the If the to within of approximately vertically or horizontally, the correction function to this The when the the (telephoto). The the increased the Furthermore, the both vertically and the than the the vertically Approx. below to the right to the the foot the to become distorted. the correction function to this If the the foot to the Rear foot
Procedure Procedure to follow both and correction: With the front foot retracted, the that the front foot to the as necessary. the both of the the the top and of the both Correcting Tracking Tracking Correcting Tracking Tracking correction the become The correction that the or of the to the correction To correction to the the following operations. To correction: While holding the the or To correction: While holding the the or If there noticeable the correction reduce the sharpness. correction the If both and correction, the correction become than would type of correction If the the the when or correction that the or correction exceeded. that the which the If the (or correction function the that the E- or function used, the correction amount when the E- or function operated while the correction amount the The correction the input. the Correcting Distortion the Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking Press the or the to Press the or the to Operations
the Quality The of the as follows. Focusing the Selecting the The following with with characteristics. You these to the easily, selecting whichever the The of the the with and intensity. Theatre such as which of atmosphere. PC as bright as when to the If the connected both the and the to Press buttons to the Procedure to the Remote The the of the Turn the to the If the of the or as of to the correctly. If this or the If the from the to the than the correct. the the and the
Selecting the Aspect Ratio This function the aspect ratio of from to when which recorded or The aspect ratio each the Procedure the or the pressed. SDTV HDTV the A/V Top Focusing the Selecting the Aspect Ratio Selecting the displayed with aspect ratio of the and vertically. with aspect ratio of the of the displayed the whole of the While holding the the the button. The as shown each the this Operations
the Quality to the of the following three items: Tracking and (synchronization) While from Procedure the the the or the The appear while the the While holding the Procedure the the [Tracking The increases each the pressed. Tracking Tracking Remote While or displayed, the the to and items. such the of the or the or using the the If the to the function while the A/ or the If the the pressed, the or function used. properly with of which computers. such to the tracking and manually. If appear the and this to the manually using the following Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking While the the the [Tracking The each the pressed. The when tracking this
the While holding the Procedure the the The increases each the pressed. If or interference appear that input from the and this to the sync(synchronization) manually the following Tracking Tracking Tracking Tracking If the tracking first and then the to the Incorrect tracking noticeable with of with of and to incorrect tracking clearly, to the first. It to and the brightness, sharpness and correction Focusing the Selecting the Aspect Ratio Selecting the While holding the the the The each the pressed. Operations
the Yo the of the sound from the built-in Press the the Procedure or the the If the or the increases, and the or the While the the appears the A/V Remote
and Functions This chapter the and that when connected. Functions and Operations......................................................20 Advanced About the Functions Connected A/V
Functions and Operations The to of and The hierarchical with that which further other The the while input. The items appearing the the input that projected. Items other than the the currently input
the vertically and Press the the or the the and the the that appears. If to the the command the Advanced to 6500K. Function Brightness the brightness. the light and the (Not the the (Not the tint. Can when NTSC input. Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the You from the surroundings. with and intensity. Theatre such as which of atmosphere. PC as bright as when to the and only) the Press the the or the the and the from the that appears. to the automatically, PAL the to manually. the reduction function and off. Reduction to ON reduced. when or displayed, when to ON. The becomes effective from the where the or closed. the functions to their Press the the or the the to the and to to their Advanced About the and Functions OFF
Functions and Operations Function only) the and horizontally. Press the the or the the and the the that appears. If to the the the Advanced to 6500K. Tracking only) when appear the only) when or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness or You the the first and then the synchronization. Brightness the brightness. the light and the If selected, Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each You from the surroundings. with and intensity. Theatre such as which numbers of atmosphere. PC as bright as when projecting to the only) Select or If selected, If selected, the from only) the input to the the to their Press the the or the the to the confirmation and Select to to their PC
the input from or USB to match the Corrects correction the become If using both and correction, first the correction and then the correction that The correction that the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the sharpness If both and correction, the correction become than would only type of correction Function the the the the functions to their Press the the or the the to the and to to their Function Advanced About the and Functions
Functions and Operations Function Corrects correction the becomes If using both and correction, first the correction and then the correction that The correction that the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the sharpness If both and correction, the correction become than would type of correction Function Records Press the the or the the and follow the operations the that appears. the input the sub-screen of the function to or The function the [P P] the and background such as when input. To the to and own Prompt whether the the input displayed the ON or A/V the when the [A/V pressed. Black To the to and Comp1 the input. Comp2/ the input. the operation when input. to ON, and the to operations while the displayed. (The lights when the pressed. the the to their Press the the or the the to the and Select to to their ON EPSON
Advanced Advanced the displays. Press the the or the the and the from the selection that appears. Function whether the or ON Screen To the to and the and intensity of each RGB the Lighter that they from to the lower, the and tones appear the higher, the and tones appear fresher. Press the the or the the and the the that appears. RGB: the intensity of each (red, and Press the the or the the (red), or from the that appears, and then the You the while the the (This item selected selected as the the Rear when from OFF to ON, the reversed. when the to or when the to ON, the and reversed. COM Switches (RS-232C) and USB RS-232C the Advanced functions to their Press the the or the the to the and Select to to their Advanced About the English and Functions OFF
Functions and Operations About The About shows the of the The item appears as 0H hours, that, appears of hour. Function About the operating the warning reached, the characters appear red. Function About the operating the reached, the characters appear red. the operating this selected, the operating to the Source the input which currently projected. the the operating this selected, the operating to the Source the input which currently projected. the input the and SYNC the sync(synchronization) polarity. Polarity SYNC the attributes. the input Refresh the refresh Rate 0H 0H
items to their Press the the or the the to the and Select to only the the items each The and to their Function Advanced About the and Functions
Functions and Operations the The operated using the or the Procedure Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking Remote Source Tracking Tracking Remote Source Tracking Tracking Press the the or the The appears. The consists of and The that to the currently-selected item the (displayed appears. Select If the the or If using the the top or of the Confirm the selection. Press the the or the the to selection. The that to the currently- selected item the appears. Select the item the If the the or If the the top or of the The commands appearing the and About the input that projected.
Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking Advanced About the Select If using the the or If the the or right of the other items the to to the other items. To to the the Press the the or the If or item to another or Select" appears the item such the the or the the to the to of the of each and Functions
Functions Connected This section of the that when connected to the A/V This function momentarily the and sound. when to of operations such as selecting while projected. However, this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where the function activated. Press the [A/V the Procedure or the The and sound then This function the The sound without Furthermore, the playback to input while the from the from where Press the the Procedure The then A/V Remote Black You the A/V function the to the appearance when the and sound to of the following three The the EPSON You the recording and Remote the pressed, the or If the while the function or sub-screen of the Press the [A/V the or the to To the the or the
This function or reduce selected of Procedure Reduction ratio The selected to of If sub-screen the function, the function to both the and the sub-screen. If the function the buttons to such as correction, tracking and If the function while the correction amount the the correction amount Press the the indicating the the to appear the the to the of the that to or reduced. the the to the If the right of the [E- the around the If the of the the of the that then reduced You around the the To the the A/V and Functions
when connected This function or the and or sub-screen. The the the the Procedure The function the refresh the to interlaced. The function when TV The of the sub-screen to of The following the the and of the sub-screens to those of the when the of the the [P P] pressed, the sub-screen appears the type of sub-screen using the and then the [P P] the The sub-screen appear the top-right of the and the operation appear the of the the the to the of the Press the the to the of the sub-screen.
Remote If and the of the sub-screen, the sub-screen appear the which using the function. The function the that the function used. If the input the and the the the selected or the Sub-screen to this If the function while the correction amount the the correction amount change. Press the the to the and the sub-screen. If the [P P] once the A/V and Functions
Troubleshooting This chapter troubleshooting procedures the the the
the If with the the function displays to the It of and The the type of Procedure Computer/YCbCr Source Remote Source Tracking Tracking Remote Source Tracking Tracking Remote Press the the or the The displayed. Select If the the and function as the and If the the top or of the Confirm the selection. Press the the or the the to selection. The appears. the operations and to through the to items. To to the the the or the You the the the or the If the function to the to or the
Trouble If with the first the The with the following three These to with operation. The following what the and to that they Reference and Stop using the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions World-Wide Warranty Terms included the Stop the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions World-Wide Warranty Terms included the the with the that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the operating If the the cool-down completely finished this the to the about without operating the about the cooling the cooling the and then the back the to its the the or the to back If the operating when the back the and the If If Then the the or the If the the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions World-Wide Warranty Terms included the flashing off Troubleshooting
Trouble Reference and High (overheating) High-speed cooling (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which well-ventilated, and that the and clear. Clean the abnormality) to replaced. ready. The service become shorter than as of the and the should as as The appearance of the this the of the abnormality) Projection when the pressed. Warm-up abnormality) while. The flashing and light with Projecting abnormality) Cool-down abnormality) while. The cool-down cooling operation) about The the The the cool-down cool-down the flashing and light You then the button. If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the previous or the International Warranty Conditions World-Wide Warranty Terms included the The off and about without operating the the cooling Once the cooling the and then back If the overheats, the following the location ventilated? that the and clear, and that the the with If the should cleaned. the back the to its previous the the or the to back If the to overheat the checked, or the when the turned back the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions World-Wide Warranty Terms included the
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear appear appear of the sound heard (Large/small) The The right The off the cover attached? the cover. the disconnected? the the of the and the the turned off and then straight back While the flashing cool- the the or the the the or the active? to ON, the off operations while input. The lights this the brightness the Brightness Brightness correctly? A/V active? Press the [A/V the or the to the A/V the completely input such as completely input? If the to OFF, displayed. of the Condition appear (Nothing appears) cool-down finished. You then the the or the Press the the or the Turn the back To the the to OFF. the or re-check the input. the to Black or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. Troubleshooting
the the input match the the Comp1 or Comp2/YCbCr commands the to the connected that matches the connected Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr the the input Press the [Computer/YCbCr] or the or the [Comp1], [Comp2/ selected correctly? or the to the the the or Turn the turned the which to the of the output from the If or with LCD connected to the to the to the rather than to the the correctly? the the front foot that the too If the too the of vertically. the the The recommended from the to the within the that the within this the to the the that the to the Condition appear appear) Not Supported. appears the appears the to the with the and of the from the Normally to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or Condition The of the of The whole of The The interference the
the dirty? Clean the the If the from to the and this the to appear the match the the command the to the The of the input to of that input. the input match the the Comp1 or Comp2/YCbCr commands the to the connected that matches the connected Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr the connected correctly? that that connected correctly. used? If used, interference increase. the sync(synchronization) tracking and correctly? connected to the selected? the that the that with this to the connected to with the The aspect ratio selected Press the correctly. the the the to correctly? the selected? the that the that with this to the connected to with the the the or with LCD connected to Turn off the and the to and Press the the or the to these You the to the Condition too of the displayed) too the that the displayed the whole of the or the to only. Troubleshooting
the the If activated the of the the connected to only about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further the brightness the Brightness Brightness correctly? the connected correctly? that that connected correctly. the using the correctly? the correctly? the command the Advanced to the Advanced the and correctly? (The exactly match the the the or LCD this and the of the If the flashing that the the nearly the become and the become the input match the the Comp1 or Comp2/YCbCr commands the to the connected that matches the connected Comp1 Comp2/YCbCr Condition The right the to the and Color, the with Condition appear
the If the flashing that the the nearly the become and the become the the Brightness Brightness correctly? the the correctly? the input match the from the connected If the or incorrect, the appear the connected correctly? that the matches the input the input the command the to the input. selected? sound from the the the the to the the that the sound the A/V function The A/V Press the [A/ the or the to the A/V the USB this the connected to the with Condition appear the Comp2/YCbCr commands the to the that matches the connected Comp2/YCbCr Condition sound heard If USB to output sound from the to USB the the the Troubleshooting
the the R/C switch the to the R/C switch the to ON. OFF? the pointed the The operating the right and approximately vertically. the within these the too from the The operating the approximately the within this the pointed the when connected? sunlight or light from the light-receiving there the the the the with ones. the correctly? the that they the the This that the when the off. the the the or the to off the the Condition The If the connected, the the instead of the using where the light-receiving to light. Condition The off the pressed) The switch off when the from the the cool-down the to steady and then off the switch the of the The cool-down about The factors such as the
Appendices This chapter information procedures to the of performance the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the Optional of RGB Specifications...................................................56 Appearance and Rear..................................................................................... Remote Underneath cover...............................................................................62 Index..................................................................65
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the the to the and then to the from the to the World-Wide Warranty Terms of the cleaning. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shocks, as easily become If the to or should replaced. with The should when the replaced.
This section to the and the It to the when: The appears the when The flashes or lights red. The or to displayed. to the and of the the as as the appears. The to appear hours of to the and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The warning appears hours of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready the appears, the appear the ON. The appears seconds, and seconds passed. flashes or lights red. Cleaning
the Procedure If the and to replaced, there the that the when If the of which to the should the from the the If the from the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the cooled sufficiently the cover. the cool-down finished, approximately further the to cool enough. Turn off the the cool-down to and then the cord. The cool-down about The the the cooled and then the cover. It approximately the to cool the screwdriver that with the to the cover switch that the cover the section of the cover and then to from the the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the to the fixing screws that the to the the the the the to and from the the the that the to the and then the clicks and the fixing screws.
the The built-in counter which track of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. Therefore, the counter to the with You this the Procedure the securely. If the the off as the the or the correctly. with The should when the replaced. of properly with the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking Remote the cover. the cover the and then the other of the cover clicks Press the the or the The displayed. Select from the About Press the the or the the the operating Select and then the the or the the Cleaning Appendices
the Procedure of properly with Turn off the the cool-down to and then the cord. The cool-down about The the the the and the to to the from the to the that the the top. the First the and then the clicks Cleaning
You the that currently as Procedure that already recorded Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking the that would to as and then the the or the Select the and then the the or the the Select the and then the the or the the The to recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to the the to the of the to as the and then the the or the the the and then the the or the the If correction when the selected. If the input or the selection around the of the Appendices
the (about seconds). the or other which connected to the while the otherwise operation. to If the XGA or projected, the Select the the and then the the or the the Select the and then the the or the the The then Once the the the completed." displayed.
Optional The following optional purchase This of optional as of February of to without ELPLP17 as ELPSC06 which easily. 60-inch ELPSC07 80-inch ELPSC08 ELPKC02 ELPKC09 ELPKC10 when connecting the to ELPKC11 to the to workstation. ELPKC19 to ELPKC20 DVI-D DVI connecting the to with RGB interface. of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this ELPKC21 DVI-D/DFP DFP connecting the to with RGB interface. DVI ELPKC25 to the to with RGB to the Remote ELPST04 to the with the from mount ELPMB07 when the to plate ELPFC03 inches)/silver) ELPFP04 inches)/silver) ELPFP05 inches)/silver) ELPFP06 when the to high or with ELPDC02 ELPDC03 when OHP and ELPKS26 this to the hand. Soft carrying ELPKS27 this to the hand. Appendices
of RGB HDTV (D4) aspect) aspect ratio with (D3) aspect) aspect ratio with TV (PAL, SECAM) aspect) aspect) Refresh SDTV (D1) aspect) aspect) SDTV aspect) aspect) SDTV (D2) aspect) aspect) Refresh resized TV (NTSC) aspect) aspect)
the VGA Refresh PC98 EGA VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 TV TV SDTV HDTV RGB ON) OFF)
Specifications Product Theatre EMP-TS10 (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) inches) including inches TFT active 12-phase writing SVGA (W) (H) (light UHE W, ELPLP17 5W supply VAC, 2.7A VAC, 1.3A C C C C Connectors DVI-I RCA DIN RCA (L, R) USB: USB (B (RS-232C):
USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
Appearance Units: (inch)
and Functions Top the the this cover when the the cover switch this switch to the cover when Security light-receiving from the foot and to the when using the to the from becoming or Top Rear Remote Indicates the internal Indicates with the or that the to replaced. (Operation) Flashes or lights to the operating of the this when and the Foot Press this while the to to the foot or to
and Functions the and off. [Computer/YCbCr the the and the or the Press this the If and the while this the synchronization of This function Press and this while to the function that the or Tracking [A/V off the and Computer/YCbCr Source Tracking Tracking A/V the to the the and the Press to the function currently used. Pressing while or the displays the or the to the Functions as when or displayed. Press to item and to the Press this the If and the while this the tracking of the aspect ratio the of the built-in
Rear (RS-232C) the to using RS-232C This service and should normally used. USB the to USB light-receiving from the the cord. Rear foot and to the Remote optional to the to the from other fixing the optional mount when the from the foot to the from other Top Rear Remote the from to This input to the or from other the cover when this from or from RGB from and other from the the the also. Rear foot Appendices
and Functions Remote the or the [A/V off the and or reduces the of the without the of the the with the pressed. other than the and buttons seconds each this pressed. to the buttons that the cover. Underneath cover or the [Comp1] the to the input to the Switches to the input from the Automatically to the [P P] Activates the function. the of the built-in Remote light-emitting Top Rear Remote Lights when the and off. R/C switch the and off. If when or displayed, the item selected and the appears. If connected and the as wireless the and to the or right to the the pressed, the as Press to the function currently used. Pressing while or the displays the or If connected and the as wireless as right the [Comp2/YCbCr] the to the input to the Switches to the input from the the aspect ratio Selects of the that
Following of of the terms this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially- publications. 5BNC to input A/V The momentary of and This [A/V which to momentarily the of and sound. The and sound the [A/V the or the once Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC The of the and the which the The relative of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down The cooling the the to off the the off, the cooling operating, operations The of that this the The cool-down about The the DFP to of sound Normal that that to this and DVI Interface. to of DVI which to household other than computers. It allows to transmitted higher than DFP. The momentary of playback only. the pressed, the playback the playback HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or scanning, aspect ratio of reception and (or Interlaced of whereby the approximately that scanning when with the broadcast. Refresh Rate The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and type of which actually consists of three (R-Y), (Y) and (B-Y). Each transmitted than which the red, and and the
which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the High-Definition Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft- through to the to or This with the Security international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM (DOS/V computers). SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). The from If the (synchronization) match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The output from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the USB Universal USB interface to peripheral which relatively VGA type of with of which IBM (DOS/V computers). XGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). The which the TV (NTSC The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product EMP-TS10 ELP-TS10 DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. Changes or the the authority to the
rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information contained from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this publication only. Macintosh, Inc. IBM/International Windows/Microsoft Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION
Printed 02.01-.*A(C05) Printed