Notations Used This Indicates where information topic found. Click the to that Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates which or Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. Click the or to the the section of the "Appendices". The indicated should the of the Indicates operating and the of operations. PROCEDURE or appears the text of this to items which or optional to the Indicates the of the the or the Indicates items. "Image"-"Brightness"
foot to You easily height with hand. You of "Presentations", and the tone choosing the surroundings. the to the to The The function the the the Also, with the instant-off function the immediately Source search allows to easily choose the to the "Source Search" the connected and ease of buttons classified and to their and to finished the Once hear the the and off sounds sounds when the ON, the cooling the Troubleshooting
this directly front of the the finely without this You to the of the users with the of buttons This or when using the and the
Security and Functions Remote light-receiving the immediately or while the projecting, becomes this cover when the from the the from becoming or when the to Foot foot the foot to and the front foot. and to the when the such as shelf.
and Functions If or displayed, Automatically RGB from and RGB to the and the selection. and the the or off. the function. the or while [Source Search] flashing or shows The of the whether they the of this and the If or displayed, selects items and and the which shows If or displayed, selects items and Press to following and the input from the The input searched the projected.
USB and Functions Rear light-receiving the to the USB when the wireless the USB to the function. other the from to from other to the from other RGB from and RGB and the RGB or RGB to from the that connected to the This from the connecting or of that the input to connecting from connected the other, or selector. input to the Rear foot
foot Foot and Functions this when the cover attaching from This and other from the when It should cleaned and the optional mount when the from fixing
Remote light-emitting the or of that appear. If the buttons and Functions Remote buttons [A/V buttons [Computer] buttons [Search]
and the This chapter to the of the the the selection and and to the the Projection the (Source Search)................................................... (Source Search)...................................... Directly from the Automatically Incoming and the the the Quality and RGB the Tracking the Selecting the Quality
or RGB and this to If appear the the Tracking manually the following the Tracking and RGB the Quality this operation, to the Select from the and then "Tracking". PROCEDURE this the the If the to "OFF", while or RGB projected. or the the to the RGB from connected and these that the of the following three items: obtained. Tracking and (synchronisation) the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the the the If the the or these functions and then the other such as or commands to the the correctly the type of or RGB the the while input. such the and manually.
or RGB and this to If or interference appear the (synchronisation) manually the following the the tracking the from the the Quality this operation, to the Select from the and then PROCEDURE the the the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the The tracking increases or each pressed. C Press the to the The when tracking this
the characteristics of the that You easily the selecting the that The following to the The of the which selected. Selecting the Projection Quality the synchronization the from the the Quality The and brought and RGB input) such as bright Application the the Theatre or The and brought to life. TV and bright input) Sports bright that to the bright The increases or each pressed. C Press the to the tint, when board), this Blackboard noticeable with of If the without the tracking incorrect tracking clearly, brightness, sharpness, and first, to the and when the Incorrect with of and to correction the tracking first.
the Quality Remote PROCEDURE The appears the top-right of the each displayed the to the the While the the the the the following The the the
the the Remote the Projection this directly front of the the finely without this The operations C Press the to the about seconds. the the or correction. PROCEDURE The when or the following the the supply off, the or the of the to operations. The displayed than second. and Press and the You from the
The of the built-in as follows. the PROCEDURE Remote The appears the when the the increases, the the to the and when to the that the If the the the when the The the reached.
The following displayed when only the input, or when input. You choose the input from this connected, playback. the (Source Search) Incoming and The input from the connected and projected. the (Source Search) You the to directly to the input Directly from the Remote the the Remote the Source Search. PROCEDURE to the from the to the from the Remote from the to the or of connected, the The searched displayed, and then [Source Search] the projected. the projected.
Functions Security Preventing theft Protect) Function...................................... Protect Enabled............................................26 Protect............................................................27 This chapter functions and and the security Functions Projection................. the and Sound (A/V the the Aspect Ratio the of the (Wireless the Remote to the
The to when the You operations such as without the Functions Enhancing Projection and the what this to the and to such as selecting the and Sound (A/V Remote PROCEDURE Pressing the clears to from the where though the the the to and The function while the displays and function used. Sound You this function or off the button. Remote PROCEDURE played back the and to the or the and sound to The A/V chosen from where the A/V function activated. "Background Color" the If this function when You this function or off the [A/V
This allows to the and to the about. the This function the aspect ratio of from to when which recorded or or the Aspect Ratio Functions Projection the Remote PROCEDURE Remote PROCEDURE the the appears or The whenever the button. You this the the
This useful when to such as and of the the Functions Projection Remote Remote PROCEDURE to the of the to You the the of three
the wireless to this connected USB A-B If the USB of and the USB the back of the computers the to the (Wireless the to the of the that to or reduced. Functions Enhancing Projection Edition/XP Professional (OS Remote C To USB (commercially-available) USB To USB You reduce the the To the the The selected to The ratio appear the You the the
Once the the operated as follows. earlier of It to the function Edition/XP Professional that from of of Edition/XP Professional If the the function to used. the which the The USB connected to with USB interface. If using to of both the and the further operating guaranteed. clicks the Functions Projection Right Double-click: Press This the or slideshow. and To To Release the to the the location. and and the
The wireless function while the the of the buttons If the to the While displayed While the function While displayed While following used. While While sound reversed. function Functions
centrally the the displayed the If the connected to the outlet and the when the turned the first without the appearing. The On to "ON" and or to the and then reconnected. If Direct first the turned the supply restored. when the Protect function activated, people who know the Furthermore, the that the background of the This effective theft. At the of purchase, the to the to the the correctly. protection function Preventing theft Protect) Security the "The operation If to the of the section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If to the operation and input the thirty the following back to If this the from "The locked. the and then the switch to the "International Warranty Conditions" the outlet and then and the that appears the locked." approximately Instructions/World Warranty Terms and the If incorrect three the displayed, the and the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Terms the turned the first the connected to or when Direct On the following displayed. ON Protect" (ON) Protect Pressed to the If the correctly, While holding the the buttons buttons
the following to Protect. Protect each the disconnected and from the of the each the turned The of to the If the when turned the of that the The displayed when the the from the when the If to "OFF", the to "ON" and the displayed. closed. Security the approximately The Protect" displayed. seconds. Remote PROCEDURE If Protect already the If the correctly, the Protect" displayed. Protect displayed. from to or or from or the ("ON" or the "Background Color" "OFF") to operations, and the To the Protect" to "OFF" first. If to of the following Protect" (ON) If Protect to "ON", the accessory Protect to the as theft-prevention Select ON Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the Turn ON Protect" Press the
displayed. If the incorrectly, the should displayed prompting to the The the displayed, the shown While holding the the To and then the this to own If displayed as Once four buttons to The and then the The The "The the the the displayed. to the within the of If the the While the the finished the Protect" Select and then the the countdown the to hours and then the Select and then the Select "ON", and then the button. If this to and the C Turn Press the Security Select Protect", and then the Select "ON", and then the Turn Protect" Press the
If to "ON", of the the the operated. to "ON". This function such as that only deactivating operation, or such as to the of that operated. This function the buttons the Function Security the the this operation, to the From the PROCEDURE the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the
The buttons with the C the displayed, selected Security about seconds, displayed and the the continuously There to the the to the "OFF"
This chapter to the and its the of "Info"
the C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top the the Top Select the to
The items that the input that currently projected. each of Computer/RGB Function the of the to surroundings. the light and the the the the brightness. Brightness You the of If "High", appear bluish, and appear (This item selected selected as the the (This item selected selected as the the the red, and of the the intensity of the the of the Red: the of the when or NTSC input.) the tint. the sharpness. Sharpness the functions to their If would to items to their
The items that the input that currently each of Functions Computer/RGB Selects whether the function when the input turned "ON" or "OFF". when or interference appear the Function when appear the Tracking the vertically and horizontally. With the function, automatically. If interference appears the or appear when only when input.) the manually. the OFF: IP each field the This using when with amount of ON: Interlaced This when when input.) If the appear correctly when the the connected manually. Selects the input with the that connected to the If to the input with the connected the the to their Press the the If would to items to their or the the aspect ratio
of Functions to "ON", the operation of the the Function Corrects the of the The of the selected. the selected, the of the reduced, the amount of electricity and reduced and the operating about life: about Select the too bright such as when or This the brightness to of the to their and If would to items to their the Brightness
of Functions the when the [A/V the or when input to whether the input or or the ("ON") or displayed ("OFF") The (the when the displayed when (ON)/ or when (OFF). such as when the input or or when input. The turning the supply off and then back This related to the Background Color: or Function holding the [A/V about seconds, the the following "Rear" "Rear Rear Rear the that displayed as background and A/V the the
to "ON" and the to of that of electricity that when whether ("ON") or ("OFF") when operations while back the to automatically. whether ("ON") or ("OFF"). of about to "High". input. Direct ON: Function of Functions To the EMP 21L, the off and the cool finished. whether the EMP 21L software or 21L and "Operation" the to their If would to items to their the displays.
the of the and the of the only) of Functions "Info" Computer/RGB If reaches the warning the characters displayed The operating from to hours displayed as "0H". From "10H" the of the operating Hours Function appear when the input or the input the input which currently projected. Source Information from this when service from or from the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms appear when the input or Info appear when the input or the input appear when the input or the refresh (Not RGB or the Refresh Rate
of Functions The and to their items to their Clear the operating and to "0H". this when the Function
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found. the Reading the Indicators........................................................43 the lights red.......................................................... or flashes relating to when Other
Select displays to the It of If with the the function on-screen and the the the the the the PROCEDURE C Confirm the selection. the the
the operations and to through the to items. the Press the to the If the function to the to
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up approximately seconds. the flashing. You the from the outlet when the light this Projection when the pressed. Indicates the operating of the Projection Warm-up The with the following three which the operating of the Reading the If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to that they Indicates the internal Indicates the off flashing lights the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms or related
off flashing about the switch to the following that the and clear, and that the The off and about the to the back If the clean or them. or (overheating) If this the and the to overheat or the to when the the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the Then or the the "International If the it back and then the If the If this the using the and the from Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms with If the with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) the and off flashing or flashes that the and clear and that they (This abnormality, the too high If the clogged, or them. such as automatically.) High-speed cooling that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch or Warning
off flashing or the with If to the the the that the increase. the with as as The the the If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the following
If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard or the sound when Other the completely the completely The "Not Supported." appear relating to The such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appear The truncated or or of of the displayed. The whole appears or reproduction performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear right appear Nothing appears the
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. the switched off? Press the [A/V the to the A/V active? of the that supply Press the to the the pressed? the correctly? If or connected to the the to the input such as completely the completely when the correct? when from operations about while input. The this Press the to turn the If to used, the to "OFF". "Operation" the to "ON", the off to "ON"? Projection
If or connected to the the to the The "Not Supported." the correct? to the with the and of the from the of Supported Displays" the match the and of the when when from Press the [Computer], or the or the [Source Search] the or the to the that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned the input selected? The displayed to the to as as the If the while the already turned the function that switches the If the to the LCD or to the accessory when the externally, they appear the LCD to Turn the the and the title such as or "Connecting off and then back or accessory the to the when from or with built-in LCD
Turn the the to the the correctly? or of to appear the the hour to used. If If the from to or the of the and this the the the off and the to disappear. the Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. The recommended from to the the the the too the cover. the cover attached? the too If or connected to the the to the Interference or appear the correct? when from If used, interference the the accessory and this used? that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the selected? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" when Press the the or the the to If the correctly the using the and "Tracking" and RGB only the and Tracking correctly?
Press the the truncated or the Aspect ratio correctly? If the correctly the function, the If other than RGB from or RGB input, the or the the to If RGB from or RGB projected, the the manually using the command. manually the command. Press the the to the function. the correctly? the the function? If activated the of the the only about of the the To the whole of the the off the the selected? the that the that with this of Supported Displays" when when the
If or connected to the the to the the input match the from the connected right the to the the correctly? the "Brightness" to the brightness. "Brightness" that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the to the the brightness correctly? the correctly? the Intensity" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. Intensity", "Tint" the and correctly? when from appear the nearly the become and the become this the should with the the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the and "Brightness" "Brightness the "Contrast" to the "Contrast" the and correctly? the correctly? The only that those from the You to Nothing appears the from other than the
when If this the the the from There the or the the the and the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms The connected correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. of the switched off? Alternatively, the to supplied. Press the to the the the off and when the touched? that the connected to the the connected correctly? sound heard or the sound Other Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. A/V active? the that sound heard. the to the
The operating the and the the light-receiving vertically. the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? The the location where light the light-receiving while that they the around. The operating the the too from the sunlight or light from light-receiving the the or the correctly? If of the the than seconds, the The of this to the from to something top of the the released, than seconds?
Optional and Optional Accessories..................................................................66 This information to the of performance from the the of ESC/VP21 Commands............................. Command USB USB Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the the the of Supported Computer/RGB Specifications...................................................... Appearance.......................................................... Index.....................................................................74 Checking Projected
The the following four allowing to choose the the the the this its to SafetyInstructions/World-Wide Warranty projection,otherwise malfunctions Terms first. using (Rear/Ceiling of the from Please would to this The optional mount when the Rear using (Rear projection) the the to match the or
If collects the or the the of the to and this to with It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the and shortening of the service life. Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning the World-Wide Warranty Terms You should the becomes or the of to cloth to the Then containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with with cloth. Cleaning the reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with If the or the warning the blower, or cleaning to the the to and the coating such as or thinner to the These off. Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
the of the and the to that the the the batteries. This section to the the and the If the of the or it becoming the AAA- that the ready to when required. the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover. the cover PROCEDURE Catch
The to appear the following of to the brightness and of the "Brightness It to the when: continuously high brightness: of the becomes with as as appears. You should ready the used, the become continuously brightness: the characteristics of the and If to the this the the appears, the or the warning hours hours The the appears the when displayed. Flashing the flashing the cooled sufficiently the cover. To the enough to cool turning off the about should that If the because If the of which the and when it that the the cover. hour. the The or to
the fixing screws with the screwdriver that with the (or head C the fixing screws. screwdriver). the off the and the PROCEDURE the cooled then the the cover fixing screw with the screwdriver that Then the cover straight and to with the (or own head cover from the of the screwdriver). If the with or the as shown the below and further If the yourself, to of and of the the
the that the fits correctly and once the screws. the the and the cover fixing screws. the cover. the off as the securely. If the cover the the or the The mercury. of properly with cover correctly.
Select from the and then this operation, to the Therefore, the counter to the operating the operating reaches The built-in counter which of the the warning to displayed. with You this using the the the the the and the operations they the the of the replaced, otherwise the the operating the indicated correctly. the and the PROCEDURE C appears, The operating then
the covers from the and them C the they The the If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. the the off the and the the of the and the to PROCEDURE of properly with Polycarbonate, ABS Polyurethane Recess
Select from the and this operation, to the then recorded, the previous You the that currently as which buttons the or the and the operations they the the of the the would to as the and then the PROCEDURE Protect" to "ON", displayed and the recorded. To If the Protect" function of Protect" to "OFF" first. the the and the function currently when the If correction, or selected.
to or the the the the with that from the projected, the of the projected, or displayed their C "Choose this as the appears, "Select this appears, Select the from the displayed. the to The to recorded and selection the of the to The then Once the this displayed, the "Completed." displayed. which connected to the while the the (about otherwise Once the seconds). the or other to the factory operation. the the
Checking and RGB from input to the "Computer/ While and RGB to this and to The correction and the and to the To with
The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without country of purchase. when the high or with ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 plate ELPFC03 Optional and Optional Accessories from Please would to of to the this which easily. (Aspect ELPSC06 this to the hand. Soft carrying ELPKS16 roll-type Aspect ratio ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 as ELPAF08 as ELPLP33 of these the with the VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 too This the as the with the VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 to ELPKC19 when the mount ELPMB18
The following of of the this which or which the text of this information obtained to other commercially-available publications. The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio which the brightness and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM The of that light. If the high, the bluish If the lower, the which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or Screen aspect ratio of HDTV sound Normal which which to this and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The of the light and of increased or to text and from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which displayed displayed alternately. Interlaced of whereby the from from top to to The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Security
international that that which easily operating (OS) and the If the connected both the and the connected to this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as which the and to It to which of and C type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM computers. SVGA (the of the If tracking correctly, The from and RGB If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these appear the Tracking Universal USB interface connecting to peripheral which relatively USB The from and RGB If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as and interference (synchronisation) type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. VGA
USB to the the the command, and the If terminates with the outputs and the to the turned and then the to of ESC/VP21 Commands Command <At the <At the Connector USB (type B) (type B) Command Item PWR ON ON ON/OFF SOURCE 1F SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF MSEL Black selection of the commands, (CR) to the MSEL MSEL A/V Selection
to the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following of ESC/VP21 Commands USB Download the USB (USB-COM from the EPSON to The URL as follows. PROCEDURE C the the to "ON". the instructions displayed the the USB Once the turned back Turn off this the USB then Turn the off. the If the the
Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Refresh of Source Refresh Computer/RGB SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) HDTV (D4) VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA Aspect ratio HDTV (D3) TV (NTSC) Aspect ratio Refresh SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV TV (PAL, SECAM) The of the supported. HDTV the VGA
The USB to correctly with USB- The USB interface with the USB (W) (H) (D) including EMP-S3 Product Specifications inches TM DNX ICs this of SVGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP33 TFT active (light If the higher than the and EMC +35C 200W(100 to 4.8W(100 to 100-240VAC 2.2-1.0A 1W FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class USA EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 The EMC Directive Community EN55024, (89/336/EEC) The Directive UL60950 Third Edition IEC60950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community (73/23/EEC) USA Connectors DIN +60C RCA AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New USB (B USB* RCA (L,R) Black
3-M4 Appearance of Units: from of to fixing