Indicates procedures which or Notations Used This Indicates information and CAUTION TIP or appears the text of this to items which or optional to the Indicates where information topic found. Click the to that Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of Click the or to the the section of the "Appendices". The indicated should the of the numbers. Indicates operating and the of operations. PROCEDURE
while the to of the function and off and the input with such as blowing and operations such as turning the (EMP and functions network If the high or the from the that as of and the The using the front correction this corrected. function The of the vertically. high function of of the of the location. ON ON ON Network If correction the height of to too the height of the (Height correction from the of the the four corners of the to The Corner function to the the exactly.
switched to they too bright The high with high of when or (EMP-8300 only) Brilliant, attractive selecting the used. other necessary. from the following to the Theatre of the function the around the (Wireless If the wireless function, the to back and forth through when the to and of The operations such as Function Function Function to straight and freehand to to These functions allow to and Theatre Effects
each such the "EMP (EMP-9300 only) large-sized the bothered the of the "EMP Screen This First EMP of the Network
Connecting to Source Sound from the Projecting Projecting RGB If the RGB If the RGB the 3BNC Ports............................................... the This chapter the the and the Remote Installation........................................................... Connecting to Computer................................. the the and Projection Computers If Connecting More Than One Base.........................................................................................9 Rear Remote Ports..............................................................12 Projecting from the Computer..............................19 (Wireless Function) the Remote Remote If the If the If the the 5BNC Ports.......................................................21 If the RGB the Remote to the the Remote and Remote Sound from Connecting to the (EMP-9300 only) Connecting Protect ON Protect" (ON)................................................. Protect" (ON).............................................. Protect Checking Preventing theft Protect) While the
The below shows the with fitted. and Functions the operating of the Flashes or lights to (Operation) Remote light-receiving from the foot Security with the Flashes or lights to Flashes or lights to with the internal of the the from becoming or when the to cover and to the when the such as shelf. when the and to the such as shelf. foot this when and the both foot when Another foot located the and retracting the front right Foot
Input/output cover the this cover when the Rear fixing optional mount when the from the and Functions from the Remote light- the and other from the Clean the
while or displayed, these buttons function as and and buttons selecting items the Press these buttons to manually the of while or displayed, operates the as the the the as the the with the as the buttons. to the and buttons and Functions and right) buttons selecting items the and while or displayed, these buttons function as Press these buttons to manually the of [ESC] [A/V [Tracking and [Tracking buttons [Source] buttons This when the Corner function and the function. Switches the input the Switches the input the and [DVI] that and the [BNC] that each each the pressed. the pressed. [Computer/DVI] Press to manually
[A/V [R/C] switch the or of that appear. If the Remote light-emitting buttons and Functions Remote [ESC [Source] buttons [Effect] buttons buttons [ID] buttons buttons
and from from from and from that connected to the from the and Functions from the that connected to the from the that to the the to the USB when the wireless function. from [USB] RGB from the that connected to the [DVI] to the to [BNC] and and from [DVI] [DVI] Network to input from the the optional the from the selected to the from the selected to RS-232C This and the to should the (RS-232C)] from from the that connected to the [BNC] from the that connected to the [BNC] from
the of the and the to that the the the batteries. the The already the the the purchased. You to the that with the the used. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the batteries. the CAUTION the cover the clicks the cover. While the of the cover, the battery cover the of the arrow. the cover. PROCEDURE If the of the or that the becoming If this the with AA batteries. TIP
Remote light-receiving (rear) light-emitting Remote light-receiving (front) the Remote and The the following the Remote the PROCEDURE transmitted (the to something top of the while the [R/C] switch "ON", the that to "OFF". If the [R/C] switch "ON", to The of this to the from the released, If the than directly the light-receiving areas, otherwise with the reception of from the the the [R/C] switch the allow or light from to TIP of the light-receiving the the light-emitting and the buttons. the [R/C] switch of the to "ON".
the within the indicated below. If the or the and the light-receiving the operating the vertically Approx. the Remote Remote from the light-receiving Remote light-emitting Remote Approx. properly from the optional to the of the to the If would to that operations "Appendices: Optional Accessories" TIP
The the following four allowing to choose the the to first the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the CAUTION Rear of the from the Please would to this The optional mount when the the using using the and "Rear commands the "Advanced1" to match the TIP
of The recommended and below with optional to the with The from the to the the when the with If the the Recommended and The from the of the to the the should as the The While to the following the that the the the The and the of or the and the The allows ratio of to about The the about than the the TIP Shortest Projection
that the such as "RGB Condition The alternatively to purchase to the heading such as If the built-in or to the to the or "Connecting or further or "CRT which of that the to the The connected to of or below. Computers the of the and the the If try to force to with or of malfunction or the and the connecting bound together, Turn the off both the and the them. If the the of the and the together. If the to to the interference or operation to the or following. Connecting to CAUTION Condition The and of the the of Supported Displays". "Appendices: of Supported Displays" necessary, the to that matches the of Supported Displays". to the allow to the with the If the and too from each other the accessory to reach, the optional VGA-HD15 with the further You to purchase commercially-available the of the to the PC "Appendices: Optional Accessories" TIP
If than connected to the or repeatedly the [Computer/DVI] the [Comp1] or [Comp2] the the to the to projected. "Computer2 the to the "Computer1 or RGB". TIP The and specifications of the what type of should used. the following to which type of has. the accessory to the If the from the Connecting to To To or (accessory)
If than to the or repeatedly the [Computer/DVI] the [Comp1] or [Comp2] the the to the to projected. the "Computer1 or "Computer2 the to TIP such commercially-available workstation-type to the If the Connecting to workstations the workstation further To or (commercially-available) To
If than connected to the or repeatedly the [Computer/DVI] the [Comp1] or [Comp2] the the to the to projected. the "Computer1 or "Computer2 the to TIP Either of the following the optional VGA-HD15/BNC PC to the of the to the the of the the or the type of used. "Appendices: Optional Accessories" commercially-available 5BNC to the of the to the [BNC] the of the If the the 5BNC Connecting to If to the To or VGA-HD15/BNC PC (optional) To
the optional DVI-D /DVI-D or DVI-D/DFP to the If the RGB If connecting to the [BNC] Connecting to To [DVI] DVI-D/DVI-D or DVI-D/DFP (optional) To To [BNC] (commercially-available) 5BNC To TIP whichever optional DVI-D/DVI-D or DVI-D/ DFP matches the of the "Appendices: Optional Accessories" If than connected to the the [DVI] the or repeatedly the [Computer/DVI] the "DVI" displayed the to the to projected. TIP or repeatedly the the the [BNC] the If than connected to the "BNC the to the to the "BNC the to
If connected to of the shown below, of The shown below to to the four connected. If Connecting More One Connecting to or (accessory or VGA-HD15 PC optional) or DVI-D/DFP DVI-D/DVI-D (optional) BNC PC VGA-HD15/ (optional) of or DFP of (DVI-D
Edition/XP Professional If the It to the wireless function The USB only connected to with USB interface. If which the of to the of both the and operating Professional that from earlier of function to used. the the of Edition/XP guaranteed. further buttons the to back and and accessory USB with the EMP-9300. forth through when the as wireless the commercially-available USB instead. TIP You the as wireless to the the the accessory USB to the USB of the to the [USB] the of the Applicable the Remote to the USB (accessory) USB XP Edition/ XP Professional (Wireless Function) Connecting to USB (accessory) USB (OS To [USB] USB (accessory) To USB
If the the the The wireless function of the While displayed the of the buttons reversed. While sub-screen the function While displayed While Corner while the following functions used. While the function While the function While the function While displayed While function TIP Once the the operated as follows. If the the of Press the to the the the the of the Connecting to to the items the light and and seconds, operations the this Press the the and the Press the [ESC Right the [ESC the seconds. This operation allows right and and
commercially-available RCA to the Projecting Turn the off both the and the the of the and the the If try to force to the and the connecting bound together, connecting them. If the the of the and the together. If with or of to the the to other the interference or or following Connecting to Source CAUTION To (yellow) (commercially-available) RCA To (yellow) or repeatedly the the the the displayed the to the If than connected to the to projected. TIP
commercially-available and three to the commercially-available to the Projecting Connecting to Source To [BNC] (commercially-available) To To To (commercially- or repeatedly the the the to If than connected to the the the the to TIP
If the RGB the accessory to the TIP or repeatedly the the the [BNC] the "BNC or "BNC the If than connected to the to the to projected. to or to match the the "BNC the from the Connecting to Source To or (accessory) To RGB RGB when RGB from other used. whichever than that to the Either of the following the Projecting RGB "Computer2 the to the "Computer1 or If than to the or repeatedly the [Computer/DVI] the [Comp1] or [Comp2] the the to the to TIP
commercially-available RGB to the If the RGB the 3BNC Connecting to Source To [BNC] (commercially-available) RGB To RGB or repeatedly the the "BNC the the [BNC] the If than connected to the to the to projected. the "BNC the to TIP
If the input to the Sound from the sound from the connected (such as The to the that the as the The built-in with of W. You or through the built-in the to input the The to the of the following, If the input to the [BNC], or If the input to the DVI or commercially-available RCA the accessory the of the accessory with the EMP-9300. commePrcially-available instead. To (accessory) To If commercially-available 2RCA that as You the started. TIP
If the input to the Sound from the To (commercially-available) RCA white To output
Sound from commercially-available with You with built-in amplifiers to the with that match the the to of sound. or To the the sound to sound from the built-in this To (commercially-available) TIP
the the that with the Connecting Connecting to when the that they projected. This when the when the If connected to the the The input from the connected while the the the function. TIP To with LCD to when they to displayed the following connected to the such the the The when using the the refresh to or Alternatively, CRT CRT function.
connected to the the (the though the the that the and If the from the connected input the the turned the To the function, the that displayed the then the where the the "Advanced1" to "Network ON". turned projected. Checking Projected While the If the A/V function operating and the and the [Source] buttons the and the to the correction appear the appear the that displayed To the input the while the to If the "A/V or the the as the The that the and displays to the A/V function active, the "A/V the muted, the input displayed the "Black "White "Rear and functions such as correction and displayed the the Connecting to TIP sound from the built-in or from muted while used. TIP
the cover when the and when and the the [OPEN to the of the cover. the the three cover mounting the of the and then the cover clicks cover. It covers the input and and the the or other then the accessory If the and then connected to of the to protection. the cover cover mounting
the buttons to the that If the correctly, then the "International Warranty Conditions" section "The locked." Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty without the following the the "International Warranty and the first turned when the to and then the switch to and the to turned If this the from the and then and the If incorrect three the If to the of the The appears only the of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms back to the If the operation should to repeated "The locked. the that appears the and displayed, the Terms Preventing theft Protect)(EMP-9300 only) TIP the Protect function activated, people who the the to when the when the turned This turned Furthermore, the and that that the without authorisation, and The Protect function with the EMP-9300. as theft-prevention Protect the turned the displayed. If buttons outlined the below switch to the the and the Remote ON Protect" (ON) the buttons while the The outlined the switch to to the the operation.
operations the as the the Protect displayed, the the following to Protect. Protect PROCEDURE the the the the the "A/V the the the "Advanced" ("ON" or from to or or when from or from to or "OFF", or when from or "OFF" to to "OFF") operations, and the To If to of the following the Protect" to "OFF" first. Preventing theft Protect)(EMP-9300 only) Protect" (ON) Press the the The Protect displayed. seconds. 0H 0H OFF ON OFF ON Protect Protect ON Protect Remote TIP If the correctly, the Protect" If Protect already the Protect displayed. displayed. If Protect to "ON", the accessory Protect to the as theft-prevention
when the the first If the of to the the disconnected from the Select "ON" and then the the Turn Protect" Protect". Press the [ESC] TIP If the to the If the The the the Select "ON" and then the the that the without to Turn ON Protect" Select ON Protect". Press the [ESC] to Preventing theft Protect)(EMP-9300 only) To and then the the If the shown displayed displayed, and then the The the should The the to this to the The of the of that already the command. Select and then the TIP the the following Press the the and then the The as to displayed. to four characters the to within the of to hours, then the button. If Press the the and then the the the and finished the Protect" the countdown the appear this. the
The "The displayed. the that If the incorrectly, displayed prompting to the Press the the to Once the the that the turned off. Preventing theft Protect)(EMP-9300 only) the to of the that and the and the If the to the the and the countdown TIP
This chapter operations such as turning and off and the Operations the Quality............................... the Selection) the Selecting the Quality Correction)............................................... Correcting Distortion the Exactly Corner) Correction (Height Correction) Correcting Distortion that the Correcting the Height of the Projection Correcting Distortion the Projection Turning the On.................................... Connecting the Turning the On and Function).................................................44 Selecting Source While Turning the the the Function)......................48 Focusing the Screen the If the too or too high the from the of the the the of the the
that the facing the as the the accessory to the the and then the securely the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Turning the On Turn the to CAUTION the other of the to the lights earthed With the EMP-9300, the the "Direct ON" the "Advanced2" to "ON", the turn and once when the the First the other that connected to the Connecting the PROCEDURE TIP the first turned attaching the or with the If the appear slightly CAUTION that the turned off the and to the the or other to the the top of the cover and to the cover.
Press the the the lights normally about or the to the The flashes flashing and lights steadily, and seconds to the to when the turned With the EMP-9300, the Protect the If this the Turning the On and Turning the On TIP from flashing to TIP If the the [R/C] switch the to "ON". that the flashing and the the The and buttons appear. flashing function while the the the to Turn the connected to the playback necessary.
[Computer/DVI] while the appear. You the the appear. You the to the If input from the [DVI], or appear. You the the to the "Computer1 "Computer2 or "BNC If input from of the [BNC], or these once, the that currently currently displayed, the of this input currently the of this input the repeatedly the while the The input to the the The input to the the displayed the when the The item selected the "BNC the displayed the when the [Computer/DVI] BNC] while the displayed. The of this switching the appears the You The item selected the "Computer1 the The item selected the "Computer2 the the [BNC] the [Comp1] the [Comp2] the the the displayed the once. once. the or If than connected to the You the function to the buttons to the to while to the following Turning the On On-screen Remote Computer1 Computer1 DVI [Computer/ The each pressed. DVI] to [DVI] DVI BNC( BNC( Computer2 Computer2 The each pressed. BNC BNC
Selecting Source While Projected selected and them while selecting The function the from the currently- the to function operations. the Function) without to of the [Source] that the The following shows of to output If connected, the from that connected to the the straight to the section of the with If or with LCD heading such as If the the "Connecting or to externally. buttons. Turning the On TIP while, such as the shown Press the [Source] buttons the to the that input or which the displayed, the Press the [Preview] the to to the input that the below appear the the that currently projected. Active PROCEDURE become the You If the of the should the displayed that the active. IBM NEC from the [DVI] from the [Computer from the from the the from from the [BNC] Computer1 Computer2 DVI BNC Computer1
If the [Preview] while function active or displayed. If the function without the input the other than the the active used, these functions and the You hear the sound the the active while to the they the function activated. the displayed. as TIP to the to the the selected. the Computer1 Computer2 Computer1 Turning the On If the once the function and the the active projected. The selected then the active Press the function activated, the [ESC] or To to the that the DVI BNC Computer1 Computer2 DVI BNC Computer2
If the "The overheating. Clean or the the the or the the to turn the off and then the and the appears the TIP that the connected Turn the off the that connected to the turned off. Turning the Follow the below to the off. PROCEDURE Press the the The switch off. The and or the once cool-down the lights The about seconds. cool-down flashing and lights Press the the or the The following appear. Remote flashing lights The and buttons operated while the constantly. TIP seconds. (The off If to the off, other [ID] If the At the At the than of the following: this Press other Press OFF?
the cover to the when using the to the from or dirty. the cover. If using the the from the the from the while the flashing otherwise operating Turning the CAUTION cover the [R/C] switch the to "OFF". TIP If the [R/C] switch the "ON", the the [R/C] switch to "OFF".
Press the the or the [W] If fitted, the this to Press the the or the to the the to the the PROCEDURE The following to the once the The of the basically the from the to the You and the to the the the Function) Press the the or the [T] the to reduce the Remote Remote operations) the with optional to the the The function to of the further TIP If would to the further, the further from the
the of the This such as You the function to the vertically to the high or the from high If the that or to the as follows. If the too or too high the the operations) to the correctly. If the with optional to the the If the of the or as of this or the further Focusing the Screen the TIP If obtained using the function, the front to the the appear the If this this Press the the or the Remote PROCEDURE
Press the the the the the the If the the or the If the the or the or the PROCEDURE appears the the Corner function to the If If the directly front of the to this from the of the the Screen (using operations) the with optional to the the further TIP The of the the or the of the Projection Lowest Highest of
and right match each other. this the height using the foot or the of the front to the the If the the of the front TIP to appear the If this the correction function to the front to the of the You or the front to the to the within of the the TIP foot To the front the while the foot While the foot the front the obtained, the front of the that the front and then release the foot PROCEDURE Foot
The Corner" and correction If amount of correction applied, such correction functions when the function to correction that both together to If The the of the the of the turned off. If the or corrections that using the using the other function to the correction as characters and of the become. TIP whichever function effective correcting the The with the following functions correcting the to the This correction function when both and that fits the exactly. Corner: Correcting Distortion the Correction) the The Corner function operated the Correcting Distortion that the Projection the Exactly Corner) TIP This correction function when that occurred the The correction function easily the the If the of when the within the If the shifted or to "W" below, the Corner function to the If the both and vertically the become the EMP-9300:Approx.40 vertically, EMP-8300:Approx.45 vertically, If optional following
the to Press the the or the the correction the appear yellow. The selected Corner" from the of the Press the the or the and then The Corner correction displayed. the PROCEDURE [Tracking and [Tracking the or the the to the the [ESC] (Press to [ESC] (Press to [ESC] (Press to
correction the or the This to the to using the Correcting Distortion TIP the while the Corner correction displayed, the correction restored If the the while the [Tracking and [Tracking the the of the If the [ESC] the or become that correction quickly. while the Corner function, that the If the anymore." appears the buttons, the which the correction reached. the following to their the Screen TIP elongated If the top of the If the of the elongated If the shifted or to "W" the of of the the following the become the the correction If optional EMP-9300:Approx. vertically EMP-8300:Approx. following PROCEDURE input while the Corner function, the correction If the Corner correction while the that recorded and then the Corner function If the input or that function used, function then exited. the too the or the the the
become shorter. the height correction function to using the height correction function the correction the height of the the height of the Correcting the Height of the Correction Correction) become the to the correction the of the If the become appearance correction the sharpness the TIP from the of the or the Then "Height" Press the either the The height correction displayed. the this operation. Height Advanced1 PROCEDURE when correction If the displayed the the that the correction exceeded. that the which If the function while of the following A/V functions the function the Select ESC Advanced2 About
right, or the [Tracking or [Tracking buttons the to the or the to the height while the the the Select ESC Effect Height Height Advanced1 anced1 Advanced2 anced2 About About the or the the the to the
If the the or this "ON"), If the "Advanced2" to "OFF" (the RGB projected, the the while then TIP RGB from connected and these that the of the following three items: obtained. the Quality The of the as follows. the type of the such the correctly the and commands to If the the or the the while the function or function active, the active function and then the the manually. Remote Tracking and while the function used.
Press the [Tracking the The each the pressed. If appear the to the tracking manually and this using using the following the Quality the The when this TIP Tracking the or the This to the to the the Press the [Tracking the The tracking increases each the pressed. Press the following buttons to the tracking the from the PROCEDURE
Press the the The each the pressed. the that input from the and this If or interference appear to the manually the following the Quality If the without the tracking first, incorrect tracking clearly, to the It to and with of and to to the Incorrect tracking the brightness, sharpness and correction noticeable with of tracking first. TIP Press the the The increases each the pressed. or the This using the to the to the the or interference from the Press the following buttons to the the PROCEDURE
Selecting the using the or the This to the to the selecting the The as follows each the Theatre the pressed. PROCEDURE the selecting the that The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily to the The brightness of the which selected. Selecting the Projection Quality Selection) the Quality The displayed the each the Remote to the If the connected both the and the connected to Brightness emphasised. bright Brightness and fresher to using tints. bright brightness. Theatre Application other of projected: input: "Presentation" The the as follows:
The the the or the This to the and the to the using the You the the sound from the built-in or from the that connected to the the PROCEDURE Press the the or the the increases, and when The appears the when the the the to the to the If the displayed the the when the that the The individually each reached. TIP
Network the Compatible Computers...................................................... (EMP "About" and Uninstalling the Software....... the software Uninstalling the software..........................................................101 Network Function EMP "Advanced1" "Advanced2" Computers that EMP Computers that EMP NetworkManager........................99 Network the If Connecting Manually Centralised and of Reporting the and This chapter functions the of and to the Advanced Operations Functions Projection A/V Function Function Function Function Function the Straight and Curved Function....................................................................69 the Selecting the from ID/Remote ID ID ID Remote the Functions of "Effect"
the appearance when the and sound You the "A/V the to to of the following three Functions Projection This section the that to to the where the A/V function activated. and sound to played back the and this function when the operations such as selecting while when to of This function momentarily the and sound. A/V Function If the appearance when the A/V function to "Black", the input to the when the A/V function the input while the the used. You the [Source] buttons the to this The the EPSON You the recording and TIP You the [ESC] Press the [A/V once to the or the Press the [A/V the The and sound then or the PROCEDURE Remote
This function and reduce of such as The function using the and Function PROCEDURE This function only the The sound and to The back the while from the where without Functions Projection Functions Projection Function the to the of the that to the to the the indicating the the to Press the the appear the Remote You the [ESC] the or the To the the once Press the the The then Remote PROCEDURE The function while the function or displayed, the If the the while and used. TIP
the top of the that currently displayed the and This function The the sub-screen selected the "P P" or the sub-screen. the Function the pressed, the with the its the The ratio appear the bottom-right of the button. pressed, the then reduced. You around the the Functions Projection Functions Projection The sub-screen appear the of the and the the to the and then the and the type of appear the of the using the "P P" the the The function that the refresh to RGB The function the PROCEDURE TIP The selected to of To the function, the [ESC] ratio TIP Operation Sub-screen
and the and accepted, the To the the the operation the and the sub-screen function, the once the accepted. TIP the the to the of the sub-screen. Functions Enhancing Projection Functions Projection The of the sub-screen memorised, that the sub-screen the and the To the sound the Press the the following operations to switch the sound appear the which the To the sound the sub-screen: Press the [A/V the and the sub-screen. function used. Press the the to the of the to of The below the the of the when the and height of the the the sub-screen when the pressed. Approx.
You the to to of that to about and that each area.The to the The appear the of the Press the [Effect] the the [Effect] pressed. the PROCEDURE You the projected, and then This function to of that to The function the the to straight and to. Functions Enhancing Projection Functions Enhancing Projection Function TIP To the Effect function, the [ESC] The to the then from the the Remote thickness of the that The selected such as type, and the and as or and then You the "Effect" to the when required.
Straight the to the the Curved the to the the seconds to and the and the The light. the the The type as the function used, that appear. the turned off, the that the the turned off, that when the Effect command the first to the the function used. Functions Projection Functions Projection TIP Straight the to the the Curved the to the the Press the or [ESC] The light The the appear as the and the the off. the the The to the The appear the of the and that each the [Effect] pressed, and then the type of Press the [Effect] the that that type. You straight to aspects of and freehand to of the such as when Straight and Curved PROCEDURE Curved Straight Remote
the these the and to the and that then these and apply them to RGB that using the this RGB from currently the the of these Function The thickness and of the Straight and individually. the when the function the [Effect] the when the and the accepted. Functions Functions Projection TIP Press the the or the and then the from the Then the that would to Sharpness Brightness Tracking PROCEDURE To the Effect function, the [ESC] button. The and the that then To further and from the Select Select Select Advanced1 Advanced2 About
and it to the the existing that already If that already The that input displayed recording TIP Once the the or the the the and then the Projection Functions Enhancing Sharpness Brightness Tracking Advanced1 Effect the to Press the the or the the the input the appear. Remote Select the Select ESC Select Advanced2 About To clear the from the that this clear of the TIP Advanced Preset Select ESC Advanced2 About
resized which the that they the the and which the the resized the of the input Selecting the the Ratio You the while the and input While RGB from The the the to apply appear the otherwise the selection the the to the from the lowest recording each the that currently pressed. Applying Functions Enhancing Projection Functions PROCEDURE resized each the the or the pressed. The switches and Remote PROCEDURE and input appear If the Entry" that appear when the button. TIP
The individually If the input the as the the the of SXGA input the the the as shown below each the while each TIP If the input than the (EMP- EMP-8300:1024 Functions Projection Functions Projection to right to of the the The the input If the input higher than the (EMP- EMP-8300:1024 The section of the the to You the around the
that displayed aspect ratio of the that they the of the and the and right and displayed. HDTV You switch the aspect ratio and when and and that recorded and DVD from Functions Projection Functions Enhancing PROCEDURE that aspect ratio of the that they appear vertically elongated. The each the the or the Remote SDTV
USB RS-232C OFF ON High Brightness OFF ON BNC Termination ID COM Network Advanced1 Advanced2 About the ID to operated the ID the and the to with the ID Alternatively, If using than such as of the ID numbers. ID/Remote ID Functions Enhancing Projection Functions Enhancing TIP The that the ID" from to ID" to Select ESC ESC TIP Press the the or the and then ID" from the "Advanced2" The ID and the this operation. ID PROCEDURE Remote
Press the [ID] the ID The [ID] light. Remote PROCEDURE the to the ID [Tracking or [Tracking the to the ID Press the the or the the or the the High Brightness Functions Projection Functions Projection to that Press the to buttons the to If other than the The light the [ID] off and the specify the ID the the ID operated the Once the the the ID the the ID or ID of to the USB RS-232C OFF ON OFF ON BNC Termination Select ESC ID COM Network Advanced1 Advanced2 About Effect
the [ID] the that the the [ID] flash, and the of flashes lights, and then the [ID] once If would to the ID that currently the ID Functions Projection Functions Enhancing Projection TIP
The hierarchical with that which further other The to of and the to the the Functions Sharpness Brightness Tracking Select Select Advanced1 Effect Advanced2 About Select Preset
The functions which appear the the type of input projected. Functions which the The functions the from and while input. input Function the Functions the Functions RGB) of Functions when appear the when RGB input) Tracking when RGB the and Press the the or the the vertically and the input) when RGB brightness, sharpness and correction You the the when or and when the first and then the synchronization. interference appear the input) Select Select Select Brightness Sharpness Tracking Preset Advanced1 Advanced2 About the brightness. Brightness the sharpness. Sharpness The to the the light and the manually. Brightness Select RGB) Sharpness Advanced1 Effect Advanced2 About
Function Corrects the of the The Brightness emphasized. If to the :Brightness emphasized. and fresher to each type of or the the "Advanced1" to 6500K. to the You from bright brightness. the surroundings. bright tints. Theatre the Functions the Functions (Selection when RGB the input the used. The input The input selected manually. with the input input and selected) (Recording when RGB Allows to and then The when to selected. Preset which already existing that the input that If to RGB that the button the selecting that input)
Function Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the the to their the Functions the Functions
Select Advanced1 Sharpness Brightness Advanced2 Select the Functions the Functions Sharpness Brightness Advanced1 Advanced2 About the brightness. Brightness Function the and Press the the or the the vertically and the About Select Select Sharpness Brightness Advanced1 RGB the light and the appear when the input RGB the intensity the appear when the input RGB the tint. the sharpness. Sharpness Select Advanced2 About
Function Corrects the of the The that Brightness emphasized. If to the tints. The white function :Brightness emphasized. and fresher to or bright, to them each type of or the the "Advanced1" to 6500K. to the and of operates that You from bright brightness. the surroundings. bright to Theatre the Functions the Functions (Selection when the and to the selected Press the the or the input and selected) Selects the choose the automatically. the and to their the to to including Press the the or the the to their
Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the the the of the the of the bass to their the Function Effect the Functions the Functions Advanced1 Advanced2 The individually each input TIP Select About
Width: Thick Light Color: Function Select the from the following the or that displayed when the [Effect] the once. types. that when the Select the of the straight and Select the of the straight and Select the the from Thick, or Thin. from or from Rate the Functions the Functions Rate Rate Advanced1 "Effect" Advanced2 Width: Color: The items and the as the or that displayed when the [Effect] button the three Width: Thin Color: the which the when the H: High M: L: The items and the as the or that when the [Effect] the Rate Select About Select to including the to the and to their Press the the or the the "Effect" functions to their
Height: Function Corner Corrects the four corners of the Press the the or the If the become appearance It corrects to the the the and then It corrects the This operates the as the the correction the "Sharpness" Corrects the height. exactly. the correction. Select Corner Black A/V Black the Functions the Functions OFF ON OFF Computer1 Computer2 Advanced1 Advanced2 About Corner: correction to "OFF", the background becomes To the to the and background such as when input. and displayed. the function, this selects whether the that the sub-screen or Select Select Select OFF ON BNC ON With the EMP-9300, the function from "OFF", or to to "OFF", or of Protect to "ON", the the Protect function these (OFF) when switching the or Selects whether the or the (ON) or
Function Black The the input while the A/V function the when the [A/V only when "A/V to pressed. A/V With the EMP-9300, the Protect" function to or from or to the Protect function these of Protect to "ON", the To the to the Functions the Functions Selects the to match the that connected to the Computer1 Selects the to match the that connected to the Computer2 BNC Selects the to match the that connected to the [BNC] OFF to "ON", and to operations when the while the the cool-down finished, the the operation when the or the lights displayed. (The input. pressed.
Function the Protect" function of the "Computer1 "Computer2 Select to including and "BNC to their Protect to "ON" and or the to With the EMP-9300, this to the the and to their Press the the or the the "A/V to the Functions the Functions
EPSON Function the Protect" function of Protect the and to "ON". the Protect function With the EMP-9300, recorded then follow the instructions that appear the Press the the or the recording Records the Functions the Functions Advanced1 Advanced2 Effect Select About
Function ON the cool-down finished, the back The the this the off, and when ("ON") and ("OFF") the With the EMP-9300, this Protect" function of Protect to "ON". the Protect function this back To the to whether the displayed or White the Functions the Functions RGB OFF ON OFF ON OFF Black Rear "Advanced1" Advanced1 Advanced2 only when or Converts to to "OFF", without This with of to or This The The function turned off. and the IP each field input) OFF Select Network OFF Network ON Select [English] OFF ON About function operates and the as with from the
Function the and of each RGB bright within the while the This item selected selected as If the higher, If the lower, "R" (red), or the the or the the "G" or "B" and the appear and tones appear and the Press the the Press the the appear bluish and tones appear from to bluish the the (red, each input of the the RGB the Functions the Functions OFF of shades) when together the brightness of without affecting the of light This to the such as shows. Black (brightness of light when the brightness of light without affecting the together brightness of shades. This to the white such as shows. White to "ON", the when from reversed. Rear
Network OFF Function OFF the cool-down finished, the this the off, and when functions and the function to "Network ON" to and while the applied. to "ON", the rotated when the and and reversed. the Functions the Functions country of purchase) English Select to including the "Advanced1" the to the and to their Press the the or the the "Rear and to their the and Press the the or the the displays. choose the
Function High This the to of reduced, the amount of electricity and Select the too bright such as when or selected, the of the reduced and the operating (EMP-8300 only) Brightness USB RS-232C OFF ON BNC Termination the Functions the Functions OFF ON ID Network COM "Advanced2" EMP-9300 RS-232C the ID the ID and the EMP function or function used. It the IP Gateway when the connected to to of when SNMP This to "RS-232C" or "USB" the cool-down finished, the back this turn the off, and when The the the that with turned back COM the DHCP IP and Network Select High Brightness OFF ON Direct ON ID Network EMP-8300 Advanced1 Advanced2 About OFF ON the termination the [BNC] This OFF: TTL (Normal the This should normally to "OFF". If termination such as switcher required, ON termination processing. the to "ON". input Termination BNC automatically when the input Selects whether the function switched to Select USB RS-232C OFF ON OFF ON BNC Termination COM Advanced1 Advanced2 About
Function OFF without to the To the off, the the connected to (EMP-9300 only) ON Direct Select to including the "Advanced2" the to the and to their the ID" and Press the the or the to their cool-down to then the the Functions the Functions
Function 0H the reached, the the operating characters appear red. The item appears as "0H" hours, and that appears of hour. The "About" shows the the input RGB, RGB)/ RGB the Functions the Functions "About" appear when the input appear when the input the input which currently the input or RGB the or Source appear when the input the and scanning or selected, the operating to the the operating this Select Computer1 0H Refresh Rate Advanced2 SYNC Polarity SYNC Source Advanced1 About appear when the input the polarity. or SYNC Polarity appear when the input the attributes. or SYNC appear when the input the input or appear when the input the refresh or Refresh Rate Select 0H Source Advanced1 Advanced2 About
Function or to only the the Protect to "ON" and or "A/ items to their the Protect" function of the to With the EMP-9300, this to the Select such as the Press the the or the The "Computer1 "Computer2 "BNC ID", and to items each the Functions the Functions Advanced1 Advanced2 Select About
If using the the button to The displayed the and If the the to selection. Confirm the selection. then selection. The operated the or the Press the the The appears. or the the Functions the Functions the PROCEDURE White Network OFF Network ON OFF [English] RGB OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Black Rear The items the item selected the or to If using the the or to If using the the Select Remote Advanced1 Advanced1 Advanced2 About
the or the [Tracking to the the accepted, the or the the the selection, the the [Tracking or [Tracking the or [Tracking the to items which currently appears to the or to item to the appear Select the If the the to the or to If the the or to If the the Select the Functions the Functions OFF OFF ON White Network OFF Network ON OFF Select [English] RGB OFF ON OFF ON OFF ON Black Rear The items appearing the and the "About" the type of input White Network OFF Network ON [English] RGB OFF ON OFF ON Black Rear TIP them. If such the then to of the functions of each items which another to items and the the or the the the which appears. when they selected TIP
to to the other items. To to the [ESC] the or the other items the Press the the or the the the Functions the Functions If would to while The to the the or the the and top-left or the bottom-right of the If the displayed from when the then the TIP
SE/Me/NT4.0/2000 Professional/ XP/XP Edition/XP Professional MB or MB or recommended) II or higher recommended) MMX or higher MB or RAM CPU Computers that EMP and Network Compatible Computers to to the This allows the of that connected to SNMP. To the SNMP function to the to and from This should or who the SNMP software the to NetworkManager to function This software to and SNMP and the SNMP displayed function EMP and this when with with the of the EMP NetworkManager EMP the of the and Software CD-ROM included as accessory with this Computers and connected together using that EMP software. This software to the following The Software CD-ROM the EMP NetworkManager and and the supported. If or SE/Me/NT4.0 (Service or Professional/XP/XP Edition/ XP Edition II or higher recommended) MB or MB or recommended) MMX or higher KB or RAM CPU XGA or higher, or Computers that EMP NetworkManager XGA or higher, or supported. the Software CD-ROM to the software to Carry the following operations the to and of the the to the the the to the the to and the and EMP of the function
that EPSON Software" selected, and then The EMP and EMP NetworkManager software from the accessory Software CD-ROM as If 2000/NT4.0/XP, user who as required. and Uninstalling the Software and using Network and Network Select the software to and then the selection displayed. You then the If TIP then the accessory Software CD-ROM The and the software Turn the and the CD-ROM selection displayed. to the type the of the If the automatically, CD-ROM the and then [OK]. the software PROCEDURE TIP then Follow the that appear the to the installation.
The connected to commercially- or Network to the that appeared If the the would to other software, the Once finished the software, software and then and Network and using Network To Network Network To and then [Add/Remove] (or [Change/Remove] Computer", (or or To the software, from using XP), the to XP). EMP and EMP NetworkManager Uninstall them Uninstalling the software TIP You shielded twisted-pair to the network to malfunction. CAUTION
buttons Remote the connected to the such as the IP the the used. Network using the the accessory to these operations. and Network and using Network The buttons the switch to while the when "DHCP" to "OFF". the IP that assigned to the IP when "DHCP" to "OFF". the that assigned to the The following shows the each whether DHCP or OFF: DHCP used. ON: DHCP used. DHCP Press the the to You to as of the Press the to the If the light and the buttons shown right as numbers. then from the "Advanced2" Press the the and to the the PROCEDURE Trap IP and Trap IP If to the IP that "Trap IP then to the IP the IP to of SNMP that "Trap IP IP as SNMP when "DHCP" to "OFF". the IP the that assigned to the the MAC the Gateway MAC
when or with connected to the This the that there function, to with If EMP NetworkManager to the the with the Reporting the Function Once the the to the The that to EMP NetworkManager to the distinguish the from other (EMP-9300 only) and Network and Network to of three If the "Advanced1" to the to If with which to recorded, and to three "Network ON", when the notifying of the (when the off). once. TIP NetworkManager to the network Once the connected to the EMP TIP EMP NetworkManager the to the following EMP NetworkManager. and The and the connected to the
of the and the following Network displayed. and then [EMP NetworkManager]. (or to [EPSON With to EMP NetworkManager and using Network and using Network PROCEDURE function the "Advanced2" displayed. the that appear If "DHCP" to "OFF", the the "Network" the instead. that necessary. The that to distinguish characters, and the following The of to characters. the from other the used. If the the displayed, to Double-click the the to "Connecting Manually". PROJECTOR03 PROJECTOR02 PROJECTOR01 EMP482800... Once the the completed, and the such as the If the displayed.
The to the Network Once the completed, [OK]. The following of displayed. and Network and Network The To If to You to the that displayed. The of the "TEST MAIL". It IP that the the following information. TEST MAIL the finished appears, [OK]. that to If the the IP and the the SMTP The the SMTP You from to the SMTP the Destination whether the function to or If this to "ON", the following then OFF: The function used. ON: The function used. IP of SMTP The following shows the each function this to the that to when or with the cover related You or of the following. High-speed cooling Destination as the of three recorded. Notification
If with "EPSON the to the IP that as the that there with the The following information contained the of the The IP that the where the The of the where the occurred of the occurred If The then applied, and the to the that appeared Click to EMP NetworkManager. the field. that to characters length. to of characters Right-click the and to security recommended that If the first to type the and Network and Network TIP The of the The following shows the that the each input to the the or that the the turned High-speed cooling related "Reading the Indicators" or to the of the occurred
The following IP displayed. You should the following when manually If the of the that would to appear the the following to manually the and Network and Network EMP NetworkManager. Connecting Manually PROCEDURE the IP the to connected. IP the with the specified IP to the The when this clicked. to the The when this the with the specified IP of the IP clicked. Double-click selection] the PROJECTOR03 PROJECTOR02 PROJECTOR01 EMP482800...
Centralised and of the the and off and the EMP to the of that classrooms or instance, they using If there that connected to the and to operations such as turning once and (EMP that already recorded EMP shared EMP NetworkManager. and Network and Network EMP NetworkManager. EMP PROCEDURE EMP the to the following EMP and of and operated If the "Advanced1" to "Network ON", EMP to and when the (when the turned off). once this TIP Indicates that specifying the IP manually. Indicates that EMP Indicates that found using search The that recorded the PROJECTOR03 PROJECTOR02 PROJECTOR01 EMP482800... If 2000/NT4.0/XP, the The and the connected to the who as of the that EMP the Select the EMP and then The selection displayed. Click
The of that currently to the displayed Click (or to [EPSON With to and then [EMP EMP and Network and Network PROCEDURE [Confirm]. If the appears, The the function to then to the the If know the IP of the that would to the Click to the Manually the IP and then TIP to to If already and or would to If EMP the first the
the of the appear the The to the and Once to Select the to or and then and Network and Network Once If there the that to the and then using the function the function If there other that would to that to Selected If the IP that the that using the and then to the IP function the function. TIP
the currently selected input Source BNC The of the each Once the of the each EMP from then displayed. and Network and Network If with the the indicated of the following icons. "Reading the Indicators" cooling High-speed the with High internal DVI The indicated of the following The following shows the OFF with ON with ON with related Network connected to connected, Shows the of the OFF with
Furthermore, the operations as selecting the the the The turned Select the which the to selected the and off the and the input the to within the specified If the first the and then while to of the selected and If would to [Select and then the each the clicked. and Network and using Network the input to the the input to the the information the selected the input to the the off the selected the the selected the input to the the input to the [BNC] the input to the [DVI] OFF ON BNC DVI The following shows the function of each To EMP from the the top-right of the or
This chapter to and what to found. Troubleshooting the Reading the Indicators......................................................116 the relating to using Other relating to and
the from the outlet and Select If the the selection the sound the Press the the or the The displayed. displays to the It of If with the the function on-screen and the PROCEDURE Press the the or the the to Confirm the selection. selection. Remote or to If the the or to If the the Remote To to the [ESC] the or the TIP Remote
and to through the to The cleared when the pressed. items. The displayed the The of the off/ too too The distorted. The too appears the The The the the If the function to the to Select [ESC]: TIP
If with the first the while to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might to the The with the following three These of the operating of the Reading the If both off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to the that they off flashing Stop using the the from the and or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms or
off flashing Stop the the from the and or the the "International Warranty section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms related or the Then or the the "International With the EMP-8300 about the and the following the and the to If the back and then the If the If this the the and the from The off and about without The EMP-9300 switch to about the following that the and the cover securely If the or cover that the and clear, and that the Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms If the or further the to the back (Projection the replaced.) securely the switch with operating the the back (overheating) the and the cover when the turned back the (This abnormality, the too high that the and clear and that they the from the and the "International If the to overheat the checked, or the Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms such as automatically.) High-speed cooling If the or them. If the or them.
off flashing turning off the the from the when Press the the or the to the this (Not If to the the the that the increase. the with as as the the The or the with Please Warm-up seconds. the flashing to steady Warm-up (Not Projection Press the cool-down and the to The cool-down about seconds. (This factors such as the You the the or the (Not steady Please Cool-down
If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the previous or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms TIP
First to the following to what type of that and then to the containing of the when with the relating to and Projection the completely the completely the appear relating to and the EMP function. The sound heard or the sound Other such as interference, or white appear. The whole appears or performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear The "Not Supported." displayed. Interference or appear The displayed. or or of Projection right of the displayed. The too or too light
Press the [A/V the or the to the A/V function. the A/V function active? Press the the or the to the The the [R/C] switch of the "ON". the pressed? relating to appear If or connected to the the command to the the correct? If the to "OFF", to "Black" or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. to "OFF"? input such as completely the completely of the the correctly? when when from to the If to used, the the to "ON", the off lights this Press the the or the operations about while input. The to "OFF". to "ON"?
If the from the which connected to the [BNC] of the projected, the "BNC to the which matches the "BNC connected the correct? If or connected to the the command to the The "Not Supported." displayed. Press the [Source] the or the to the that of the securely connected. the correctly? the to the input. "About" the and of the Turn the the the the or turned when the match the and of the The displayed. the input selected? If the while the already turned the function that switches when the externally, they the to Turn the the and title such as or "Connecting to the to as as the If the to the LCD or to the accessory appear the LCD or accessory the off and then back the to the when from or with built-in LCD
Press the the or the to the the correctly? the function to the of the to match the or the and reduce the amount of correction. the too the cover. the cover attached? or of the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the turn the off and the to If the from to or the If or connected to the the to the If connected to the [BNC] of the the "BNC command to the which matches the connected "BNC the correct? Interference or appear If used, interference the the accessory and this used? too If the correctly using Press the the or the the the the and the and Tracking correctly? that of the securely connected. the connected correctly? the that the that with this of Displays" the selected? Computer when when
If RGB input, the the or If the correctly the function, the If other than RGB input, the manually the the to the manually the command. the command. the correctly? Press the the or the the aspect ratio correct? the Press the [ESC] the to the function. the the function? or about of the the To the whole of If activated the of the the the the off the the the command to match the the correctly? when when
RGB connected to the [BNC] of the the appear purplish. If the "BNC to or when or If the "BNC command to when connected to the [BNC] of the the appear Select the the connected "BNC the input match the from the connected If or connected to the the command to the right that of the securely connected. the correctly? the "Color" and "Tint" commands to the and tint. "Color", "Tint" the to the "Advanced1" the correctly? the "Brightness" command to the brightness. "Brightness" the "Contrast" to the the correctly? the correctly? the and correctly? when from
the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the and "Brightness" the brightness and correctly? the "Contrast" command to the "Contrast" "Advanced2" "Brightness the correctly? too or too light the nearly the become and the become this the should with the the the command. "Advanced2" "Network" the correctly. the correctly connected to the when with the relating to and using the correctly to the the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the that the connected to tripped. to the If the function while the the to "Network ON". "Advanced1" checked, or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide the If the Warranty Terms causing the to momentarily and arrives. the correctly? to "Network ON"?
Uninstall EMP and then EMP function correctly to the the the command. "Advanced2" the correctly. the correctly connected to the The and the EMP function. the correctly to the the supply to the location where the interrupted, or the the that the connected to tripped. to the If the EMP function while the the to "Network ON". "Advanced1" to "Network ON"? the the that to and the sound heard or the sound Other Press the [A/V the or the to the A/V function. the A/V function active? If the sound from the If using the from the built-in to the that the connected to the the connected correctly? the that sound heard. the to the
The operating the approximately and approximately the the light-receiving vertically. The operating the the too from the the [R/C] switch to the "ON" the [R/C] switch the "ON" the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? The If the connected to the the light-receiving of the or the light-emitting of the If the the from the of the or the If the ID to other than the ID match the ID otherwise the If operating the from or to that operations properly, the optional the location where light the light- while that they correctly. the or the correctly? the of the the connected to or the the ID match the ID the sunlight or light from light-receiving
This chapter information procedures to the of performance the Appendices of ESC/VP21 Commands........................... Command USB USB Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the the the of Computer/RGB Specifications.................................................... Appearance........................................................ Index................................................................... Optional
If the become with or the "The appears the the and the If the become with overheating and heating. Clean or the and the the Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and You should the becomes or the of to CAUTION Cleaning the and to the of containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the If the dirty, the cloth with Clean the with cloth. with cloth. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms cleaning. Cleaning the CAUTION the with or the to shocks, as easily become the These the to and such as or thinner to the coating off. commercially-available blower, or cleaning to clean the Cleaning the CAUTION
the and to the of If the or the warning reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. them with "Appendices: Optional Accessories" with The should when the replaced. TIP
of to the and The to appear the following With high brightness: hours With brightness: hours EMP-9300: hours of the "Brightness EMP-8300: TIP The appears the when This section to the and the It to the when: If to the this the of the the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should becomes the appears, the with as as ready Flashes displayed. flashing The The or to
the cover from the of the other screwdriver to the cover fixing screws. to the cover the screwdriver that with the or It further hour the cool-down the cooled and then the fixing screws finished the to cool enough. the cooled sufficiently the If the of which to the cover. It further hour the cool-down If the should that the and when the cover. finished the to cool enough. that the the CAUTION other screwdriver to the three fixing the screwdriver that with the or screws that the to the the three fixing screws. Turn the off, the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds. PROCEDURE If the the and the cover attached, the cover proceeding. TIP
the three fixing screws. the as shown the below and the straight of the while with If the with or further If the yourself, to of that the and then the cover and the the cover the top of the cover the the cover. fixing screws. the clicks and then the that it the to the the and the the
the the and then the the The displayed. Remote PROCEDURE the securely. If the cover the with The should of as the the or the cover correctly. when the replaced. of properly with regulations. TIP or the the Select from the "About" and then the the 1900H Therefore, the counter to the the warning to displayed. operating that when the operating reaches The built-in counter which track of the the with the TIP Computer1 Refresh Rate SYNC Polarity SYNC Source the operating the replaced. If the operating other the indicated correctly.
and the to the to the of cover, The covers. Select and then the the or the the The operating then other screwdriver the the the that the cover. the screwdriver that with the or and the cover as shown the below, and backwards to the The the NO YES NO YES the PROCEDURE Turn the off, the cool-down to and then the The cool-down about seconds.
of the the cover, and then the other clicks the covers. the covers from the and them the the they covers. of properly with TIP
With the EMP-9300, recorded the the Protect function recording Protect" function of Protect to "ON". If correction or the function used, they when the selected. TIP You the that currently as recorded, the previous erased. PROCEDURE TIP Select the and then the the or the the the as Select the and then the the or the the the or the and then the the that would to as the the or the their that when which that from the the the of the and when the NO YES TIP Select Advanced1 Advanced2 Select About Effect
the the or the the Select the and then Select this to the of the to as the or the the and then the the The to recorded and selection displayed, the to or the the [Tracking and [Tracking buttons the the of the to the the the or the the and then the the NO YES [ESC]: the to TIP
the the or the The then Once the the Select the and then the "Completed." displayed. the or other which connected to the (about seconds). the while the If this Once the it operation. to the factory If the previous NO YES as TIP
The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of October of to without to the accurately from This DFP connecting the to with This DVI connecting the to with to the to with 5BNC DVI-D/DVI-D ELPKC20 ELPKC21 to OHP and ELPDC03 ELPDC04 ELPDC02 VGA-HD15/BNC PC ELPKC11 DVI-D/DFP Remote ELPKC28 DVI-D RGB interface. RGB interface. this to the hand. of ELPAF02 with and as (EMP-9300) ELPLP26 (EMP-8300) ELPLP23 as ELPKS50 Optional these the accessory too This the as the accessory which easily. (Aspect ratio roll-type (Aspect ratio translucent-type Aspect ratio ELPHS01 ELPHS03 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 ELPSC06 ELPSC10 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 The the or the to the
when the high or with ELPFP04 ELPFP05 ELPFP06 ELPFC02 ELPMB15 ELPMB16 plate ELPFC03 The should as The Projection ratio of and the (Projection (Projection (Projection throw ELPLM01 throw ELPLM02 Rear ELPLR02 ELPLW02 throw ELPLL04 ELPLS02 Optional Optional the customer. Please "EasyMP. the EMP-8300. when the mount ELPMB14 of EasyMP.net ELPXP01
back with and without of from the This function directly that recorded the This allows such as DVD software that recorded to played pull-down function The following of of the this which or which the text of the Further information to other commercially-available publications. The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The to input aspect ratio Aspect ratio 5BNC which the brightness and to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the and together. The type of commonly The and which the to graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM the off. the while cool-down otherwise the when the the or the to high and this the operating of the or with the operation of the properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and This the which the cooled become through It to of Cool-down DFP which assigning IP sound Normal which which to this and that connected to DHCP DVI which to household other than computers. It allows to transmitted higher than DFP, and includes function. Interface. to of (DVI-D) DVI
software that allows the to connected to that the to the the software and instructions using the software and please the EMP from to right and then from the top to the of the The and High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of whereby the which displayed of or or scanning, scanning) reception and playback (or aspect ratio of displayed alternately. Interlaced HDTV (router) that network that using function whether or function of whereby the from from top to to The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh This function to that than or than the Definition It to which the to that they the whole of the High-Definition SDTV assigned this and these as the Access MAC ID that assigned to each of that that connected to each MAC IP routers and other that to the such as and terminals that these consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Network TCP/IP this and the Security SNMP international that that which this the that they the these played back the they to their easily operating (OS) and the recording as
of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the of the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the and troughs the "synchronisation". If the such as The from If the match this the The from If the match this the and interference (Synchronisation) Tracking which the and to type of with of which IBM It to which of and C computers. SXGA of that the of to that type of with of which IBM to IP computers. SVGA Universal USB interface connecting to peripheral which IP the when SNMP reports that occurred. relatively Trap IP USB type of with of which IBM type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. computers. UXGA VGA The which the TV The from the type of with of which IBM and the computers. XGA The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
Communication Parity Flow Stop to the command, the and there with the the command. of ESC/VP21 Commands Command Connector (RS-232C) input Command Item SOURCE B0 BNC SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE DVI SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF selection MSEL Black MSEL MSEL A/V Selection
<At <At USB(type B) Connector USB Connector (RS-232C) input of ESC/VP21 Commands of ESC/VP21 Commands (type B) <At <At ready DTR DTR DSR earth GND GND GND ready DSR DSR DTR Function <At (PC <At TD TD RD RD RD TD
If the disconnected cool-down finished, the CAUTION Download the EMP software from the the software, please the EPSON to the used. to the ESC/VP21 commands USB the following of ESC/VP21 Commands of ESC/VP21 Commands USB PROCEDURE The USB (USB-COM downloaded together with the software, this USB together with the software instructions to the EMP that the that to used. the USB Once the turned back the cool-down finished, the USB then back the "COM the "Advanced2" to "USB". Turn the off.
It to which the functions with such the VGA The the of EMP-8300 EMP-9300 VGACGA VGAEGA EGA VGA text Computer/RGB Refresh EMP-9300 EMP-8300 EMP-9300 EMP-8300 SDTV HDTV aspect ratio aspect ratio aspect ratio aspect ratio XGA SXGA SXGA+ SXGA UXGA SVGA VGA EMP-9300 EMP-8300 EMP-9300 EMP-8300 TV(NTSC) TV (PAL,SECAM) aspect ratio aspect MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" HDTV HDTV aspect aspect ratio SDTV
input: input: USB (type B) USB DVI-D input: DVI: Connectors (W) (H) (W) (H) EMP-9300NL/8300/8300NL :SXGA+ EMP-8300/8300NL :XGA (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) including Polysilicon TFT EMP-9300NL inches Product Specifications Black RCA (L, R) 5BNC input: BNC: RCA (L, R) DIN input: RCA (L, R) RCA input: (RS-232C): RJ-45 :UHE Rated W, EMP-8300/8300NL :UHE Rated W, ELPLP26 ELPLP23 EMP-9300NL (light with optional those The USB to correctly with USB- These when the fitted. to the +60C +40C VAC supply EMP-8300NL EMP-9300NL (without (without EMP-8300
IEC60950 Edition, The Directive (73/23/EEC) CSA C22.2 Community UL1950 Edition USA Specifications Specifications IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class Community EN55024, FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class USA EMC CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class Australia/New
4-M5 of Appearance of (The of the vertically when the from of to fixing Units: