Printed 02.03-.1A(C05) Printed
About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following four to the the below. and This information the from the through to to the and the included Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes instructions ,world- warranty terms and troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the This the to the (such as and or (this This information operation, the troubleshooting and Notations this information Indicates operating and the of operations. Procedure The indicated should the of the numbers. of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates procedures where or to the the correctly. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
of the Adoption of This allows high-definition to accurately. Adoption of high-resolution This greatly reduces the that from to smoother and Adoption of three-dimensional Y/C function the This greatly reduces the noticeable interference the boundaries of and smoother reproduction of Adoption of focal-length that 80-inch of This The 100-inch with of about to the You the to match the from to the quality. Includes of to from RGB to the of choice. The then memory and of the 80-inch
included with the and purchased
Operations This chapter operations such as turning the and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Cord Turning On the and Turning the the the the Correcting Distortion the Quality............................13 Focusing the Selecting the Selecting the Aspect Ratio..................................... Normal Through Through of
Turning On the This section the from turning the to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms and the that noted the to Connecting the Cord Procedure the top of the cover and to the cover. that the off the and connected to the the or other to the to the the cover. the accessory to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to grounded Turn the switch the of the the lights Lights The buttons the and operated while the flashing lights steadily.
Turning On the and Procedure The buttons the and the operated while the flashing lights steadily. The appear the If than connected, the or to the which the that to connected to, while to the following to top-right of Remote [A] INPUT [B] INPUT [D-RGB] D-RGB D-RGB/A-RGB DVI-I [A-RGB] A-RGB If only connected, the from that without to of the buttons. If the the If or with LCD connected to the the straight the that the to The following shows of to to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or NEC IBM the that Mirroring active. Turn the connected to the the the to playback necessary. that the the flashing and lights Press the the or the to the The flashes and that the flashing and lights (This seconds.) Lights [Source] Connecting the Cord Turning On the and *The seconds. Operations
Turning the Follow the below to off the of the Procedure OFF? Please to off. off the switch the of the while the cool-down If the switch turned off cool-down the to cool (normally about hour required) turning the back If the turned off and the cooled operating to operating Turn off the the that connected to the that the connected off. Press the the or the The shown appear. If to off the the If operation, the seconds. (The off this Press the once The off and the as the cool-down that the to light the lights cool-down The cool-down (This factors such as the Lights If using the of off the switch the of the The operated while the flashing lights steadily.
the front foot Gently the while the foot button. the cover. the cover to the when using the to the from or Operations
the You the to the the The of the basically the from the to the to the The following to the once the Turn the the to Procedure the The this to the If would to the further, the further from the to the the The should as to the as If the that exactly to the that slightly or vertically. To the upward, the front foot to the of to from from the While the foot Procedure the front of the that the front foot the front foot the obtained, and then release the foot To the foot, and the foot and the Turn to to reduce the Turn to to increase the Foot the foot the to become distorted. the correction function to this If the turning the foot. Rear foot
Correcting Distortion If the that to the type of known as correction the of the within of approximately vertically from the below Procedure correction the become The correction that the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the Sharpness correction the If the the the when or correction that the or correction exceeded. that the which the the Correcting Distortion the While holding the the the or Operations
the Screen the the and this to the connected. The following of Crosshatch Grayscale The as shown below each the the or the pressed. Crosshatch The while projected. If to the or the buttons the This to the and This to and light to the The using the or "RGB" the item of the
the Quality The of the as follows. Focusing the Turn the to the Procedure Selecting the The following with with characteristics. You these to the easily, selecting whichever the The brightness of the the Priority with and intensity. Theatre such as which of atmosphere. PC Brightness as bright as when (fixed) to the If the connected both the and the to The as shown Procedure below each the button the or the pressed. Remote Theatre PC The appears the each the Theatre Focusing the Screen Selecting the Aspect Ratio Selecting the of If the of the or as of it to the correctly. If this or the If the the of to the If the the The the item of the Operations
the Quality Selecting the Aspect Ratio The aspect ratio selected from the following of the aspect ratio that selected the input (SDTV (HDTV (SVGA or lower) (XGA or higher) The aspect ratio as shown Procedure below each the [Aspect] the or the pressed. of each aspect ratio as follows. Normal Normal Through Through the aspect function to or that or such as or stores, as the rights of the copyright the copyright protection Normal Through Through The appears the each the aspect ratio Normal The aspect ratio of the input and the projected, appear the and right of the as shown the
the TV top and to top and amount and then Through Through the using the the and the appear elongated. Focusing the Selecting the Aspect Ratio Selecting the of this the connected If TV the and elongated vertically. If selected the the correctly their If the input or the the with the input unchanged. of this, the of the displayed the input The sections of the that resized. The that vertically resized appear with higher If the input or the input elongated horizontally and the aspect ratio of of this, the of the displayed the input The that vertically resized appear with higher quality. Operations
the Quality of This function to the of tracking and synchronization While from Procedure the the the The appear while the Remote properly with of which computers. such to the tracking and synchronization manually Focusing the Selecting the Aspect Ratio Selecting the of
Advanced Operations This chapter the of and to the Functions Enhancing Projection the and and of Black White and Quality (Memory)..............................................................................22 Quality the Functions Advanced About
Functions Enhancing This section the functions that to Function Summary Reference Black the of shades. White the brightness of light the of light to the the The functions to the the There of used: These to items the These to the while the projected. The the commonly of the and operated the and using the Procedure Black White Advanced Sharpness About RGB Memory Select Remote Press the the or the The appears. of and The that to the currently-selected item the yellow) appears. Select Select the items to the If using the the and buttons. If using the the [Select] and
Remote Black White Advanced Sharpness About Memory Black White Advanced Sharpness About Memory Select Remote the Memory of Functions Select Press the [Select] the or the to selection. The to the selected item the appears. Select item the If using the the and buttons. If using the the [Select] and Select RGB The items appearing the and About the input that Confirm the selection. If the the and buttons. If the the [Select] to the and right. Select RGB other items the to to To to the the or the the Press the the or the If or item to another or Select" appears the item such the [Select] the or the to the displayed to the of each Advanced Operations
Functions Enhancing and Procedure Remote Black Press the [Select] the or the The appears. Select item to If the the and buttons. If using the the [Select] and The item when pressed. Select the If the the and buttons. If the the [Select] to the and right. other items the and to To to previous the the or the the Press the or the or the If seconds while displayed, the automatically.
of Functions This section commonly-used "Black and "White the that the the A/D and they to match the input that they to the and Black This the brightness of shades. It without affecting the brightness of light the "Black item the to the Brightness White This the brightness of light shades. It light without affecting the of the "White item the to the Brightness This the of light to the the and each R/G/B the item the to the This to the and tones. White High K) K) to the to the to the to the tone Purplish the Memory of Functions If to the the of increases and tones become clearer, reduced. If to the the of reduced and with obtained, become If to the the of light increases and become clearer, light tones reduced. If to the light become reduced. The allows to that they from to the lower, the and tones appear the higher, the and tones appear fresher. The the of If to the the reduced and appear purplish. If to the the increased. the tones obtained. Advanced Operations
Functions Projection and Quality (Memory) to of the and "Advanced" input and recorded, of You the and then the memory the to these The following memory. Black White Sharpness, Color, Tint, Advanced Motion Reduction, Aspect ratio This the aspect ratio that selected the [Aspect] the or the Procedure Remote Black White Advanced Sharpness About RGB Memory Select Black White Advanced Sharpness About RGB Memory Press the the or the The displayed, with the appearing as currently "Memory" from the If the the and buttons. If using the the [Select] and Select Select the memory to the If the the and buttons. If using the the [Select] to the and right. The to memory to the Select Confirm the memory Press the [Select] the or the
Quality Press of the Procedure memory to to the to The to the that Remote the Memory of Functions Advanced Operations
the Functions The to of and of and to This section of the that the using the as The hierarchical with that to the the Black Advanced White Sharpness About Memory Select Select RGB
when input. The items appearing the the input that projected. Items other than the the currently input Black This without affecting the white Black White Advanced Sharpness About Select RGB Memory Select Function White This light without affecting the Sharpness the sharpness. the intensity the NTSC the tint. Corrects the of the You from the surroundings. with and intensity. Theatre such as which of atmosphere. PC as bright as when to the Advanced About Advanced Operations
the Functions Function of the following It both to the :Allows to that they from to the lower, the and tones appear the higher, the and tones appear fresher. tone adjustment:The the of If to the the appear purplish. If to the the increased. the tones obtained. RGB The and each RGB shades, shades, and brighter shades. The of each shown below. Brightness to the The the the the A/D the to the freely as the to the light freely as the to the the brightness corrected with the that the become that S-shaped easily created. Brightness Each RGB to the of to intermediate and light Memory This and to them pressing the memory buttons. The to the that The to recording when that selected. The that to memory cleared selecting the to their that memory retained. Press the [Select] the or the to the and to to their Brightness Brightness to the to the to the to the to the 6700K tone RGB
(D-RGB/A-RGB DVI-I, (A-RGB)) Black This without affecting the white Black White Advanced Sharpness Select About Tracking RGB Memory Select Function White This light without affecting the to the white function operates to the when or light to the to Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the You from the surroundings. with and intensity. Theatre such as which of atmosphere. PC as bright as when to the Tracking (A-RGB and (A-RGB) only) when appear the (A-RGB and (A-RGB) only) when or interference appear the Advanced About Advanced About Select Black White Sharpness Select RGB Memory PC Advanced Operations
the Functions Function of the following It both to the :Allows to that they from to the lower, the and tones appear the higher, the and tones appear fresher. tone adjustment:The the of If to the the appear purplish. If to the the increased. the tones obtained. RGB The and each RGB shades, shades, and brighter shades. The of each shown below. Brightness to the The the the the A/D the to the freely as the to the light freely as the to the the corrected with the that the become that S-shaped easily created. Brightness Each RGB to the of to intermediate and light Memory This and to them the memory buttons. The to the that The to recording when that selected. The that to memory cleared selecting the to their that memory retained. Press the [Select] the or the to the and Select to to their Brightness Brightness to the to the to the to the to the 7500K tone RGB
Advanced Advanced (Can only and from to (IP) OFF (IP) the each field. It when with amounts of The function off the function The function operates. :This should normally used. The whether the or If the the pull-down function operates that which match the reproduced. The function operates. Select Motion Advanced OFF NR1 NR2 Reduction About Select Select Select Select Function Motion (Can and Switches the three-dimensional Y/C function and the operating (IP) whether the or slowly. If used, reduced and become and This If used, smoothly with This ideally to the type of (Can only and Reduction interference and the the that the It recommended that this function to OFF when such as which relatively from interference. when D-RGB input.) the vertically and Press the [Select] the or the and the the that appears. when or input.) the Press the [Select] the or the and the the that appears. to the automatically, N-PAL the to manually. (Can and input Selects the type of input to the Advanced About Advanced Operations OFF
the Functions Function Advanced Selects the type of input to the RGB Advanced About Function Corrects correction the become The correction that the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the Sharpness only when or input.) If that this function to the specifications of the when this the the Advanced to the Press the [Select] the or the to the and Select to to their Black OFF ON OFF Black Projection OFF Select Select Select the when input. OFF completely Black :Screen completely and appears. completely and appears. :The displayed and appears. whether the or ON the when the the Black pressed. The selected from or this function the to switch off when input from the connected OFF, to ON: If the connected off function, and this function operates to the from input to the the off automatically. This to that the off the while activated that the the automatically back input once Press the the or the to the back English OFF
Projection Selects the with the and :Projection from the front of the from the front of the with the to the Rear :Projection from the of the Rear/Ceiling :Projection from the of the with the to the About The About displays the the input the projected, and shows the The shows and hours as 0H. greater than hours appear of hour. About the operating 0H the reached, the characters appear red. Function the and displays. Press the [Select] the or the and the from the selection that appears. the the to the Press the [Select] the or the to the and Select to to their 0H Advanced Source About Select Function the operating when the replaced. this command selected, the operating to the Source the which currently projected. the Advanced About English Advanced Operations
the Functions (D-RGB/A-RGB DVI-I, (A-RGB)) Advanced About Function About the operating 0H the reached, the characters appear red. Advanced About Function items to their Press the [Select] the or the to the and To the items such as the and Advanced to the the respective The and to their 0H Source SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate Select the operating when the replaced. this selected, the operating to the Source the which currently the input the SYNC the synchronization polarity. Polarity SYNC the synchronization attributes. the input Refresh Rate the refresh Select Advanced About
Troubleshooting This chapter troubleshooting the the the
the If with the the function on-screen to the It of and The the type of Procedure Remote the selection If the the the from the and Select appears the The The distorted. The displayed the off/ too too The of the The too The Select Press the the or the The displayed. Select If the the and buttons. If the the [Select] and Confirm the selection. Press the [Select] the or the to the selection. The appears. the operations and to through the to items. To to the previous the the or the You the the the or the If the function to the to or the
Trouble If with the first the The with the following three These to with operation. The following what the and to that they Reference and Stop the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms included the Stop the the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms included the the with the that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the operating This when the switch the of the turned off the cool-down finished the the off, and then turned back hour passed. turning off the about the cooling the cooling turn off the switch and then back the switch turned back the to its previous the the or the to back If the operating when the turned back the and the If If Then the switch the of the and the the or the If the the off the switch, the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms included the flashing off Troubleshooting
Trouble Reference and High (overheating) High-speed cooling (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which well-ventilated, and that the and clear. Clean the The appearance of the this the of the abnormality) to replaced. ready. The service become than as of the and the should as as The appearance of the this the of the abnormality) Projection when the the or the pressed. Warm-up abnormality) while. The flashing and light with abnormality) Cool-down abnormality) while. The cool-down cooling operation) about The factors such as the The the or the the cool-down cool-down the flashing and light You then the If the switch the rear of the turned off cool-down the to cool (normally about hour turning the back If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the previous or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms included the The off and about without operating the the cooling the cooling off the switch and then turn back If the overheats, the following the location ventilated? that the and outlet clear, and that the the with If the dirty, should cleaned. the switch turned back the to its the the or the to back If the to overheat the checked, or the when the turned back the off the switch, the from the and or the International Warranty Conditions Instructions/World- Warranty Terms included the
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear appear appear of the (Large/small) The The right The off the cover attached? the cover. the disconnected? the the of the and the the switch turned off? Turn the switch the of the the turned off and then straight back While the flashing cool- the the or the the the or the active? to ON, the off operations of while input. The lights this active? Press the the to the function. the completely input such as completely input? If the to "OFF", displayed. of the Condition appear (Nothing appears) cool-down finished. You then the the or the Press the the or the Turn the back To the the to "OFF". the or re-check the input. the to "Black" or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. Troubleshooting
the the input match the the A or B commands the Advanced to the that matches the connected Advanced A, B the input Press the [Source] the (or the [D-RGB], [A], [B], or selected? the to the the the or Turn the turned the which to the of the from the If or with LCD connected to the it to the to the rather than to the Condition appear appear) Not Suppored. appears the appear the to the with the and of the from the Normally to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as "Connecting or
the correctly? the the front foot that the too If the too the of vertically. the the The recommended from the to the within the that the within this the to the the that the to the the dirty? Clean the the If the from to the and this the to appear the input match the the A or B commands the Advanced to the connected that matches the connected Advanced A, B the connected correctly? that that connected correctly. used? If used, interference increase. the synchronization tracking and correctly? connected to the selected? the that the that with this to the connected to with the Condition The of the of The whole of The The interference the Turn off the and the to the accessory or and this Press the the or the to these You the to the Troubleshooting
the The (aspect ratio Press the [Aspect] the or the selected correctly. the the command the Advanced to correctly? the selected? the that the that output with this to the with the the the the that the the whole of the or the or with LCD to only. the If activated the of the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the to the the further the connected correctly? that that correctly. the the White the to the correctly? White the correctly? the the to the the intensity and correctly? (The exactly match the the the or LCD this and the of the If the flashing that the the nearly the become and the become the input match the the A or B commands the Advanced to the connected that matches the connected Advanced A, B Condition too of the displayed) too Condition The right the to the Color and Tint Color, Tint the with
the If the flashing it that the the nearly the become and the become the input match the from the connected If the or incorrect, the appear the pointed the The operating the horizontally and approximately right vertically. the within these the too from the The operating the the within this sunlight or light from the light-receiving there the the the the with ones. the correctly? the that they the Condition appear the with Condition appear the A or B commands the Advanced to the that matches the connected Advanced A B Condition The using where the light-receiving to light. Troubleshooting
the the This that the when the turned off. the the the or the to off the the cool-down Condition The off the pressed) the switch the of the turned off, the switches off. the cool-down the to steady and then off the switch the of the The cool-down about The factors such as the
Appendices This chapter information to the of performance the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the Optional of RGB Specifications...................................................52 Appearance and Rear..................................................................................... Remote Index..................................................................61
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the the to the and then to the from the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of the cleaning. such as or thinner to clean the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shocks, as easily become If the to clean or should replaced. with The should when the replaced.
This section to the and the It to the when: The appears the when The flashes or lights red. The or to displayed. to the brightness and of the the as as the warning appears. The warning to appear hours of to the brightness and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The warning appears hours of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready the warning appears, the appear the ON. The appears seconds, and seconds passed. flashes or lights red. Cleaning
the Procedure If the and to replaced, there the that the when If the of which to the should the from the the If the from the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the cooled sufficiently the cover. the cool-down finished, further the to cool enough. Turn off the switch the of the the cooled and then the cover. the cool-down finished, approximately further the to cool enough. the screwdriver that with the to the cover switch that the cover the section of the cover and then it to from the the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the to the fixing screws that the to the the the the the to and from the the the that the to the and then the clicks and the fixing screws.
the The built-in counter which track of the operating the operating reaches the to displayed. Therefore, the counter to the with You this the Procedure the securely. If the cover the off as the the or the cover correctly. with The should when the replaced. of properly with the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. Remote 2900H Source the cover. the cover the and then the other of the cover clicks Press the the or the The displayed. Select from the About Press the [Select] the or the the operating Select and then the [Select] the or the Cleaning Appendices
the Procedure of properly with regulations. Turn off the switch the of the and then the cord. the the and the to to the from the to the that the the top. the the and then the clicks
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of February of to without ELPLP17 as inch) ELPSC06 which easily. inch ELPSC07 inch ELPSC08 ELPKC19 to ELPKC02 to the to when would to UXGA ELPKC09 ELPKC10 D- this the accessory too ELPKC20 DVI-D DVI connecting the to with RGB interface. *A of to the from the Please the of purchase to this ELPKC21 DVI-D/DFP DFP the to with RGB interface. DVI ELPKC25 to the to with RGB output to the mount ELPMB07 when the to plate ELPFC03 inches)/silver) ELPFP04 ELPFP05 inches)/silver) ELPFP06 when the to high or with ELPDC02 ELPDC03 when OHP and ELPKS26 Soft carrying ELPKS27 this to the hand. Appendices
of Supported SDTV aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) SDTV aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) SDTV aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) SDTV aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) HDTV aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) TV (NTSC) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) TV (PAL, SECAM) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Aspect Aspect Units: Units:
RGB VGA SDTV VESA that with both and This which with VGA PC98 EGA SVGA XGA QVGA SXGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV RGB Normal Through Aspect Units: Appendices
Specifications Product Theatre EMP-TW100 (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) inches) including inches Polysilicon TFT active 12-phase writing (W) (H) (light UHE W, ELPLP17 supply VAC, 2.7A VAC, 1.3A C C F) C C F) Connectors A-RGB/D-RGB DVI-I DVI-I 3RCA RCA DIN RS-232C
USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class Appendices
Appearance Units: (inch)
and Functions the the cover this cover when the the cover switch this switch to the cover when Security Remote light- from the foot and to the when the to the from becoming or Rear Remote Indicates the internal Indicates with the or that the to replaced. Flashes or lights to the operating of the this when and the Foot Press this while the to to the foot or to
and Functions Press to the and off. [Source] Switches the input D-RGB A-RGB each the pressed. The and off each the pressed. buttons Press to item or Press and the while these to of This function Press and this while the or the to of Switches the Theatre PC each the pressed. the to [Aspect] Selects the aspect ratio from of The aspect ratio switches Normal Through Through each the pressed. Pressing while or the displays the previous or [Select] the Pressing the [Select] while or the selects the item and to the and buttons These and the The switches Crosshatch each the pressed.
Rear the turned DC from this the turned off, the becomes to the ON/OFF to Remote light- from the switch Press to the and off. the off, the W. Rear foot and to the the cord. from other foot fixing the optional mount when the from the to the from other and other from the the the also. Rear RS-232C the to RS-232C This service and should normally used. RGB from and from other A-RGB/D-RGB DVI-I RGB from to the from other Rear foot Appendices
and Functions Remote The [Aspect] and seconds each this pressed. The and off each the pressed. [Aspect] Selects the aspect ratio from of The aspect ratio switches Normal Through Through each the pressed. to the and each the pressed. However, the and playback while playback exactly from the where playback input to the connected to the input to the connected to the [A] input to the connected to the [B] input to the connected to the [D-RGB] input to the connected to the D-RGB [A-RGB] input to the connected to the A-RGB Remote light- Rear Remote The switches Crosshatch Grayscale each the pressed. Press to the and off. Pressing while or the displays the previous or [Select] Press to the or the the [Select] or to the and right to items, and the [Select] to the item and to the Switches the Theatre PC each the pressed. The and switch off and each the pressed. the and switched off, the appear with the the the the and while playback exactly from the where playback [Memory] buttons that using the Memory command the and the projected. the to
Following of of the terms this which or which the information obtained to other commercially- publications. pull-down This function directly that recorded the function This allows such as DVD software that recorded to played back with and reproduction, without of from the Aspect ratio The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Black white function that of function that or bright, to them to The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the and separated, to quality. high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC The of the and the which the The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down The cooling the the the or the to off the operations the and the while the cooling operating this The of that this the "cool-down The about The the function Directional Correlational to high-resolution function It incorporates the to smooth the from the of that from to to DFP to of sound Normal that that to this and DVI Interface. to of DVI which to household other than computers. It allows to transmitted higher than DFP. This function whether or the function The of that as of factors such as the to It the brighter R, and The of that as of factors such as the to It the intermediate R, and type of which actually consists of three (R-Y), (Y) and (B-Y). transmitted than which the red, and and the transmitted Appendices
HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or scanning, scanning) Screen aspect ratio of reception and (or Interlaced of whereby the that when with the broadcast. The of that as of factors such as the to It the R, and Refresh Rate The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the High-Definition Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft- through to the to or This with the Security international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). SXGA type of with of which IBM (DOS/V computers). Synchronization The from If the match this the of quality. The of the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of quality. The of the of these (the of the If correctly, appear the Three-dimensional to the reduction such as and of Y/C that as of of and C of UXGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). VGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). XGA type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible (DOS/V computers). The which contained the TV (NTSC The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product EMP-TW100 ELP-TW100 DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. However, there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON and of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: The following and the property of their respective owners and this publication only. Inc. IBM/International Windows/Microsoft Inc. rights of the business of Inc. Other only and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION
Printed 02.03-.1A(C05) Printed