About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following four to the the below. Unpacking and the that with the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes instructions, warranty terms and troubleshooting to this thoroughly the information operations the and or and (this information the the troubleshooting and Notations this information Indicates buttons the or of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates where or to the the correctly. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following required. If "Theatre", or selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. the Black-White function to that appear with light and areas. The CD-ROM that included with the to to the and of the from which with other people that they the of the that Theatre the
with wide-angle function The function allows the of the to and without the This allow the to with from or to the of The brightness within The obtained the bright or or such as when creating the atmosphere of theatre. and The and the accessory easy and displayed that when connected. high to allow to increased to that only) of of functions of the other that as follows. that both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory functions that allow to and easily the that to the that they or to from turning the and the of the
and Functions below cover this when the Remote light-receiving from the Press to the of the (Operation) Flashes or lights to the operating of the (Warning) Flashes or lights to with the Press to the and off. Press to the of Select/Line the or selection this to the item and to the buttons Used as buttons to items and If the displayed, the the vertically. the when using the to the from becoming or to the that the when top. The full-screen and off each the pressed. Source selection selecting the Aspect selection selecting the aspect. Pressing while or selection displays the previous buttons Press the and to the and
with function the as the buttons the to further these buttons. Remote light-emitting when Memory selection selecting memory Select/Line buttons Press to and selection items and and to the and selection selecting The switch off and each this pressed. buttons the when this pressed. The switches off about seconds passed. and Functions On/Off Press to the and off. selection selecting the Aspect Source D4 Switches the input to the [D4] to switch the input to match the that connected to the [D4] the using the selection The reflected the Switches the input to the to switch the input to match the that to the the using the selection The reflected the Switches the input to the Switches the input to the [S- Switches the input to the
and Functions Rear to the from other to the RGB of to the or or RGB of other [D4] to the or or of other only) the turned DC from this the turned off or with operation the becomes to the ON/OFF to the fixing the optional mount when the from (RS-232C)] the to RS-232C when the [USB] the to using USB when the light-receiving from the Security to of other and other from the It should cleaned
Appearance of of from of to fixing amount: upwards, from of to of amount: to the and right) 4-M48 of Units:
Quality Selection operations If the selection If that or using the aspect function such as or the of or infringing the author's right that protected copyright Selecting the Press or the or or the to Press or to the selection. Selecting the *The selection activated when advanced memory Selecting the Aspect Selecting the Aspect from the or [D4] from the or projected: Normal using the If the input to the or [D4] the aspect selected with the as follows. input input recorded input If the become Normal. Normal
Press and the from the the selection with the where the used. using the using bright Theatre which the closed. using It recommended that this when If "Theatre" or selected, the automatically. This increases and tones appear the Black-White function to with and shades. Press and the aspect from the selection from TV broadcasts with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Through Black appear the and right of the HDTV projected, the appear recorded or DVD software such as from DVD the as the the height as the If projected, the top and of the truncated. If with and the truncated, the Caption" to If the elongated horizontally. Quality If the both the and the connected to with input of or The the with the input unchanged. The or with the and projected. To that they the whole of the the or the further from the If HDTV Through the elongated horizontally. Quality recorded Through the input
Advanced The allows to the the selecting the Furthermore, would to with the them, and/or "RGB" the of the The using the "Memory: that them and apply them to the If the that included with the the easily from to the and These the memory, and they which with other people that they the of the that If or the displayed. Press and "RGB". Colour Tone tone High K) K) White RGB RGB Brightness to to To areas appear clearly, to the If to the the whole become the become
You the of If "High", appear bluish, and appear of three "High" (9300K), (6500K) or (5500K). This to the tones of The that to when tones. If would to further tones, this to the If to the the become and to the the become reddish. The the (red), and of the (offset bright and respectively. such with obtained. Brightness to to If would bright to appear clearly, the to the If to the bright become whiter, the become Advanced Brightness to to If the to the smoother obtained. If the to the obtained. Quality
(memory function) commands such as Quality" and to the the then the easily, that with the Selection operations Press or the or the to Press or to the selection. If the selection Select item to to the that (Memory Retriving (Memory that memory Quality displayed input displayed input Advanced Aspect (Memory Brightness Sharpness Tracking RGB Reduction Scaling Caption The The
The of the items shown and the aspect The "Memory: the to the The to and memory from to and these the "Memory: Advance" command. The to and memory from of memory and "Advance") and each to of If to the and these using "Memory: Advance". The following to the "Memory: command. the that would to memory. Select "Memory: from the and then Select memory from Memory1 to Memory6 to and then The of memory indicated the of the to the of the memory as follows. Memory Grey Memory Selected If memory that already and the existing and the their To memory "Memory from the You and the memory from the selection If both the "Memory: and the "Memory: Advance" commands, selecting the "Memory: or "Memory: Advance" first displayed. Select the memory where the that to Memory that to retained when the turned off. The memory to that the the turned The aspect from memory to the they or the input If "Memory: Advance" the to the they the "Memory: Advance" To this, Memory" from the selection (memory function) Quality
Functions The to of and the and input The following of items while the Top to the operations. The to the and off and to the and "On-Screen "Navigation Color" of If input, of the "Brightness" the Quality" of the The items the and the "Info" the type of that projected. commands when advanced memory Quality White Level/Black Memory: Memory Brightness Sharpness Tracking RGB R: G: B: R: G: R: G: B: Theatre ON OFF This Quality" and the This the of the while the Navigation input input country of purchase) displayed input input White Black High (9300K) (6500K) (5500K)
Advanced "Info" On-Screen Hours The when to the from 0H to 10H displayed as 0H. From 10H the of 1H. Source Refresh Rate Info The "Info" only to the Reduction Scaling Normal input Normal input: country of purchase) Caption OFF COM LCD Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right Navigation Background D4 Functions ON OFF when or input. OFF NR1, NR2 when input or when NTSC from or input. Rear ,Rear/Ceiling ON, OFF RS-232C USB Child ON, OFF ON OFF ON, OFF ON ,OFF ON ,OFF Black ON ,OFF ,NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM country of purchase) Memory displayed input displayed input displayed input ON, OFF
Functions Quality These the from the connected and the appear The You of them to White Black White Level/Black These the and light of White the brightness of bright without the the to the bright become clearer. Black the brightness of without the white the to the become clearer. Black the brightness of the the brightness of the the to the the appear brighter Contrast: the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. Brightness The of the If or and the appear too bright, the If the reduced to or reduced to This the intensity the only when and NTSC input) This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. Tracking This the appear the input This the or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness and correction obtained the first and then the The each and type. The each and displayed input input White Contrast: input
selected when the to The selected from three to the of the This the tones of people who appear the RGB This the brightness of the bright and intermediate of the The selected from with the Memory: This to the and the aspect Memory This to displayed back their they to that the "Memory: Advance" command. To to their This to or off to whether the to their when the input This the to their the that the "Memory: command. The "Memory: using the "Memory The each and type. The each and Functions input (5500K) R/G/B: R/G/B: R/G/B: ON
Functions Advanced only when or input) OFF :IP each field the This when with amount of ON :Interlaced This when Reduction when or input.) This interference and the appear If with or interferences, such as from recommended that this to "OFF". Scaling This the (the of or input Normal the TV and displayed and displayed The the top, and of that normally and Interference the top or of the the input Normal the :The of the when projected. Select this option there interference the top or of the when input or when NTSC from or input.) If products such as the United States or South that this function to the specifications of the connected when this and to the The each and type. OFF OFF Normal Normal country of purchase)
Caption If aspect to when with the as follows that the The and the both together. The of the reduced that the displayed. The whole of the that the displayed. This to The correction using the Projection This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If "OFF" selected, the function If while the COM This selects the that to when the to the of from the If the the the turned off and the cool-down to reduce the Subtitle section to the of the The each and type. Functions USB
Functions This the function and off to whether the off and with operation to If the the the turned off and the cool-down This the the functions and off. function appears the when pressed. to ON, OFF to ON, OFF Child This the function of the the that child the and the the applied, the only about seconds. to off the and the to as The operation this If the the the turned off and the cool-down If this to "ON", can't the buttons. (If this to "ON", the "Child If the the the LCD appear the If these with of this On-Screen Press and to specify the the to displayed. Navigation This whether the the displayed (ON) or ON (OFF). The the and the selected as follows. This whether the following displays appear (ON) or appear (OFF). aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the internal Background Selects the when or the (the that Black when projected. OFF OFF OFF ON
This whether the (the that when (ON) or displayed (OFF). If the the the off and the cool-down the with the that connected to the or If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. this the type of that from the that connected to the D4 Select or the type of that the that connected to the [D4] This the and English country of purchase) his the to their the "LCD and Functions ON
Functions This the operating this selected, the operating the cleared and to the Memory This that the "Memory: and "Memory: Advance" commands. "Memory: Advance" the This to their The "Memory: "Memory: Advance","LCD and
the Press Press or Selecting item and to then and to If when item with to selected, the selection that item displayed. To to previous Alternatively, and then Press Functions The activated when advanced memory Current Currently-selected item and to then
Preparation If other them If that the of the the accessory CD-ROM CD-ROM The Macintosh: Click the OS automatically. Classic" or the OS X" the "EPSON" the operating displayed, the of this and then The software displayed. Select the software to the the the and then Follow the instructions which appear the to the installation. Click to the If and prompting to the If this follow the instructions the and If If to using USB to the USB (EPSON COM If the automatically, and then the and "[CD-ROM and then [OK]. the software to the the
Uninstalling If following the below. From Computer, the or and then (or [Change/Remove] XP). Connecting to If connecting USB should the If using RS-232C cross-type If OS or RS-232C To (RS-232C)] To RS-232C RS-232C To USB If the New or such as "Software the USB appears when and the USB the or the Disconnect the USB and then the the "COM the "Operation" of the to the that the USB Connecting RS-232C Connecting USB USB (accessory) Preparation Follow the instructions that the the following displayed. Select Uninstall. Click [Uninstall]. Compatible with USB1.1 To [USB] using
The following information to the of the The basically the Click to to Click to to Click as to the "RGBCMY" Starting Operations the the and Starting Operations using the the to the or right to Click to increase or the and the or The to the the and release the the and the [Apply] to apply the to the If [OK], the
that the the to then Click "EPSON that Click the the then HD" and then "Applications", and then V*.*" and that the displayed, the shown displayed. The shows of connected and then and operations easily using Items that Click the of the to the following The as the White Level/Black Brightness Sharpness Tracking Reduction Scaling to such as and (R), (G), (B), (C), (M) and (Y) to the You the to appear as though or the to completely the of the or red. the of the from from The of the as The these then and to the these to other people that they the of You the from memory and them. and applying from the Remote Click the item to Click to the as the Source" switches and switch the the to the currently
Click the as the Memory function. that memory which with other projectors(EMP-TW200, EMP-TW500). memory and memory memory and memory Memory from the Loading from memory the memory Select memory from the memory to the Click Select the location, type and then If with the already displayed. Loads from memory memory "Memory allows to easily the following memory as memory Loading memory from memory This the as as without the memory of the Advance:6), and the the memory from the as customised memory memory customised memory Memory Indicates the memory (yellow): Not Select memory from the memory Click Read]. Select the to the selection and then If the memory selected, displayed.
You the memory the "Memory The "Memory Select" to the from the memory as the the The "Memory Select" shows the memory of the to the Select the memory to used. The following of memory and to of each. The type of memory that the with "RGB" with "RGBCMY" the Select the memory to from the memory and then memory The such as "Memory1" and "MemoryA" to that of the memory of memory the easily the memory Memory that selected and memory memory Select the to from the memory Click [Memory Change]. the "Memory type memory of to characters. The characters that include characters, the character and characters. the [OK]. memory Click the or "Advance" to the type of memory. selecting the memory to from the memory [Select]. The selected to the Select the memory to initialised from the memory Click [Memory At the [OK]. using
Reading the The with the following which of the operating of the The following what the and to the that they *If both switched off, that the connected correctly and that supplied. the (warning) or flashing Flashing the If the If the further High internal (overheating) The switch off and approximately High-speed cooling You using the the switch off automatically. the (operation) or flashing the (warning) off Flashing If Warm-up Warm-up approximately seconds. off operations while Normal Cool-down Disconnect the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the and then turn the Cool-down seconds. cool-down the to You the or the cool-down. (operation) (warning) warning/problem If the the replaced, using the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms If the when the turned back the and the from the Then or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of or the and the Clean the they
the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear below the completely the completely The "Not Supported." displayed The displayed or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. appear appear the or Projection of the displayed. when with the The relating to appear the Press the or the of the the and then switched off? the to supplied. active? Press the to the function. input? that the the connected turned If the to "ON", relating to the displayed. "On-Screen the the to the correct? which matches the connected the of the correctly? the and connected while their already turned connected If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back right The whole appears purplish or white, appear and LCD performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of Troubleshooting
the to only the accessory connected The "Not Supported." displayed the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the match the and of the when The displayed the connected that of the securely correctly? connected. the input Press or the or selected? the to the the the connected Turn the the turned the If the to the LCD to the or to the accessory to the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD or of the the correctly? the cover attached? the cover. The to externally. the to or to as as the own title such as or "Connecting If the connected to the or [D4] the to the that matches the that from the connected You or the to the the to the input, and the of to that the "Info" of Supported Displays" If the while the already turned the function that switches the computer's to Turn the the and the off and then back
the the The recommended from the to the within screen of and of the that the within this the Decrease the to reduce the amount of too correction. If the from to the or the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the the off and the to Interference or appear the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the connected that of the securely correctly? connected. If used, interference increase. used? amplifier. the and "Tracking correctly? and RGB only the the that the that with selected? this of Supported Displays" when or the aspect Press to the aspect that to the input selected? If with using the Caption" to the the the to the correctly? the If activated the of the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the when If the connected to the or [D4] the to the that matches the that from the connected You or the to the The function that the to of the obtained such the and commands to the Quality" Troubleshooting
the the that the that with selected? this of Supported Displays" when right the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the connected that of the securely correctly? connected. the the "Contrast" or "White to the correctly? Quality" the the to the correctly? the and the Intensity" and "Tint" commands to the correctly? and tint. Quality" Intensity", "Tint" when from appear the brightness the and "Brightness" commands to correctly? the Quality" "Brightness" the the or "White command to the correctly? Quality" the the nearly the become and the become this the should with appear the the "LCD the R", G" and B" the "LCD the LCD If the connected to the or [D4] the to the that matches the that from the connected You or the to the with
Projection active? to ON, the off input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to the back To the to "OFF". "Operation" when the Press the or the "Child to "ON"? If the "Child to "ON", the about seconds or the to the "Operation" "Child to "ON"? If the to "ON", buttons the Press the "Operation" of the the and then switched off? the to supplied. the off and when the touched? with the The the light- facing towards the light-receiving when operated? the too The operating the approximately from the sunlight or light from the light-receiving the or the correctly? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the the light-receiving The operating the and vertically. the location where light the light-receiving batteries, while that they correctly. Troubleshooting
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of the cleaning. Cleaning the If the becomes with and the "The overheating. Clean or the and the displayed, clean the Turn the and to clean the If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the It recommended that the about once three months. If the location, the should cleaned Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. such as or thinner to clean the These the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
Consumable If the becomes or too to with optional Optional Accessories" The the appears the when The or to The warning to appear of about hours of to the and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The of each the characteristics of the and the used. The to become or turning the appears. You should ready displayed.
the of properly with regulations. ABS the If the and to replaced, there the that the already If the of which to the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the The operating the with the operating reaches the warning to displayed. Turn off the the cool-down to seconds), then the Turn off the the cool-down to seconds), then the the cools approximately hour). Securely the the fixing screws. that the Press to Press to the the the cover. the latch. the cover fixing screws.
the the cover. of the and the cover. slightly from to the cover, then the fixing screws. Select Hours and then from the the that the the fixing the screws. the and the cover securely. The the or the cover correctly. The mercury. of properly with straight.
LCD appear the If these with of they carrying the following Procedure the following when carrying the below. that once the "LCD to the the or Carry the when with of Turn the and the the the following The following effectively the The without connected. If the become while using the the the to clear Press then "Operation" "LCD that the each R/G/B First R" and then The tone displayed. While the tone the from the where the If the noticeable the bright of the the "Bright Color" first. this, the Color" to the the of the Once both completed, "Apply" and then Bright and to the G" and B" Once completed, to the
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without ELPLP28 as ELPAF04 as ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect HD Format ELPSC13 with (Aspect Screen ELPSC15 (Aspect ELPSCST01 the Soft ELPKS51 this to the hand. VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to mount ELPMB17 (with when the to mm/white) ELPFP07 when the to high or with *A of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this
of Supported the the slightly. SDTV (D1) (D2) HDTV (D4) (D3) TV(NTSC TV (PAL SECAM RGB VGA SDTV VESA72/75/85, SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA60/75/85 MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" the VGA It to which the with such Normal Through through Normal Through through Normal Through through Aspect Aspect Aspect Aspect Units: Aspect Units: Units:
Specifications EMP-TW200H Product (W) (H) (D) including inches TFT active (W) (H) clock Scanning of upwards of UHE W, ELPLP28 (light 100240VAC 1.4A supply W(100 to W(200 to W(100 to W(200 to +35C +60C D4 D4 RCA RCA DIN The USB to correctly with DNX TM ICs this (RS-232C) USB USB (type B)
Specifications Compatible using OS 98SE, NT4.0(SP6a), Professional, XP Edition, XP Professional Edition or installed. CPU MMX or higher II or higher recommended) Memory capacity MB or MB or free MB or MB or or or XGA RS-232C Connector input (RS-232C) <At <At USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND earth TD RD TD TD RD RD DSR ready DTR DSR DSR DTR DTR ready OS OS Not with the of OS or higher. PC G3 or higher or higher recommended) EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
:EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product EMP-TW200H FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers Specifications
Following of of the terms this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect The and its HDTV aspect of and appear elongated. The aspect The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the brightness and separated, to quality. high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and chroma or The relative of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled it become through It when the the or the to off the the while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the of the or with the operation of the The cool-down about The the The of that as of factors such as the to It the brighter R, and The of that as of factors such as the to It the intermediate R, and HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or Screen aspect of reception and (or of whereby the that when with the broadcast. NTSC National and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South The of that as of factors such as the to It the R, and PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV
SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa. Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ AT-compatible computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of quality. The of the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the synchronized, such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which contained the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the