About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following to the the below. Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes instructions, warranty and troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the (this This information the operations, using the troubleshooting and Notations this information TIP Indicates buttons the or Indicates items. Indicates the of the of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates procedures where or to the the procedures correctly. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
Checking the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. (with cover) Remote AA to the and to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the included as D4 SCART commercially-available SCART to the when and the D4 SCART included as accessory.
of of the and the the Connecting Sources.......................12 Operations Projecting Turning the and Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the aspect Advanced tone RGB and Functions of Remote Rear..............................................................8 Appearance...................................................9 the the the to Quality Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Preset Quality (Memory Function)......................................24 Memory).........................................24 Memory) "Memory" the
Troubleshooting Reading the the (warning) or flashing...............................................................35 the (operation) or flashing...............................................................36 Cleaning..................................................... Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the operating the relating to when with the Optional of input to the [HDMI] input Specifications of the Operations Quality Troubleshooting
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following If "Theatre", "Theatre Black "Theatre Black or selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. Sophisticated to the the and tones procedures to the to the offset and RGB and the and of RGBCMY to that match the Theatre Theatre Theatre
with function The function allows the of the to vertically and without the This allow the to with greater from or to the Advanced Advanced such as Iris" and "Sharpness (Advanced)" to With the Iris function turned the amount of light to match the projected, to with and perspective. The Sharpness function to the to such as and clothing. of functions of the other functions that as follows. EPSON White to overexposure that that too bright. that both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory that allow to and easily the that to the that they or to from the and the with throw throw only) of of the
and Functions Top below light- from the the immediately or while becomes with function the as the buttons the to "Remote further these buttons. Source Selects the the or off. (Operation) Flashes or lights to the operating of the (Warning) Flashes or lights to with the Select/Line the to the that the when top. buttons Used as buttons to items and If the displayed, the the vertically. the the when the to the from becoming or Aspect buttons Used as right/left buttons to
when Memory the full-screen Press to items and and to the and Select/Line the this to the item and to the the the Selects the when this pressed. The switches off about seconds passed. light- On/Off and Functions the on/off. Selects the Aspect Selects the aspect. Pressing while displays the Source buttons HDMI to the from the selected to the from the selected You the input to match the that connected to the selected S.Tone the tones of people who appear the The switch off and each this pressed.
and Functions Rear [SCART] input to the SCART of other using the D4 SCART that with the the turned DC from this the turned off or with the becomes to the ON/OFF to input to of other input to the from other to the or of other fixing the optional mount when the from cover this cover when the to the RGB of switch the to RS-232C This and should the the [HDMI input to or that HDMI- Remote light-receiving Security [RS-232C] Prevents and other from the It should cleaned from the
Appearance of of from of to fixing amount: vertically) from of to of amount: of 4-M4 Units:mm
the The of the basically the from the to the While to the below, the that the the screen the The should as the Shortest Shortest The to the and when the the following locations. from the high location to the that the right front of shelf, positioning the of the the correction optically. the function should used. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the this upright. This the Units: Units: Units: Units: Units: Projection The height from the of the to the of the the of Screen Units: Top
Projection from directly front from the from the the which or or where there or other Clean the least once every months. Clean the using the TIP of or the and the of to the from the Please would to this projecting from the of the from the the and that they the
Connecting Sources (VHS VCR, DVD the connected. (commercially- If DVD using D4 SCART the "D4/SCART" the to "SCART". "Selecting the the D4 SCART included as accessory. specially-shaped such the accessory or optional that with the to the The that should to to the the type of that the outputs. of of The of the to as follows, of quality: [HDMI [D4] You should to the with the to what of the The TIP Turn the off both the and the them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or RCA (commercially- SCART SCART (commercially- D4 SCART (commercially- (accessory) HDMI HDMI (commercially- (commercially-
the the The with already the accessory the the cover. the While the Press the the batteries. If the of the or that the becoming If this the with AA as TIP the the and indications the and the that they correctly. the cover. Remote light-receiving Remote light-emitting the
Projecting Turning the and using the the protective attached to the If there with though the and connected correctly, to TIP Turning the and ON If the "Direct On" to "On", the of the ON when the switch turned ON, without to the of the or the The with "Child function that from turning the and the and function that mis-operations. of about the "High to "On". This with function that when input switched. If or with LCD connected to the to or function to the While the (the with such as the selection Remote of selection NEC SOTEC HP IBM SONY DELL or OS, the selection
the expected projected If than connected, or projected, the or the buttons to the the the first, then the the Press the that the of the that the to. from the A] The to to automatically. the appear switch the to match the the While from connected to the to the Turning the off Turn the off the that connected to the Press the or the If the the following displayed. Press to the expected Turning the off or to the to match the Press or to the displayed. or to the Press to the While projecting from connected to the and to the the cooled about seconds), off the switch. or electricity the cover. the Operations
the Screen Turn the to the Turn the to the of the Projection the to the If the straight front of the the that the the the and hear click, the centred. You the the and the the to these and the shifted the amount, shifted vertically. when the shifted vertically the amount, shifted than of its to Projection the to the the amount. the function to that the shifted from the Right
Correcting If the the front to the that Correcting to the or below the of the the the such the to the the to the function used. the shifted to the or right, correction corrections the the to right. corrected within of You from the To the correction and with least the TIP You such as when the to correction and to You the and the If the pressed, the appears. Clears the Correcting Correcting the Projection This to that the rather to the This when or when or The the of items when input. Operations
Quality Press or the or the to Press or to the selection. If the If that or the aspect function such as or the of or infringing the author's right that protected copyright TIP Selecting the Selecting the Press and the from the the Selecting the aspect Selecting the aspect Press and the aspect from the input input recorded input Not input. Not with If the become Normal. Normal
bright which the closed. It recommended that this when Theatre the indicated with the to increase the and tones Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Black appear the and right of the HDTV projected, the appear the or and "Through" or Through" selected, the the retained. Through To that they the whole of the the or the and recorded or DVD software the as the the elongated Through completely clear tone of might professional when creating DVD software. 2:A tone of that the of the theatre. Theatre Black Theatre Black If the connected both the and the to Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio the height as the projected, the top and of the truncated. with and the truncated, the Caption" command to Quality the height as the At this the ratio the of the become the and right of the This when there to the of the the appear to what they would their because both of the the of the appears and of speed, selected correction Quality
Advanced If would to with the them, "RGB/RGBCMY" and/or the of the selected The the memory that them and apply them to the and the respective buttons. Press the or the to the If the the colouring when and to this. (Projection temporarily such There of One to of the correction The other which with reference to the or The the input and its the output tone tone from the correction From the correction that the connected or of or and or to the selection. the to the of the increase the of the to the bright This indicated the the Higher the bright This indicated the the
This to the tones of people. The that to when tones. If would to further tones, this to the If to the the become and to the the become You the of If higher appear bluish, and appear The to of within the of 5000K to 10000K. from the or to first "Customized", then from the Press or to the selection each appear the correction temporarily while the displayed.) or to the to the where to the brightness, and or to the selection. The selected and the of the brightness flash, and appear. Press or to reconfirm. the tone appear. or to the or to the and or to Press to and or to back and it from the or to first "Customized", then from the Press or to the selection each appear. or to the where to the tone brightness, and or to the selection. the tone appear. Advanced Quality
Advanced RGB Press and then "RGB/RGBCMY" "RGB" that and the selection. or to and or to Press to the and Press to the Press and then "RGB/RGBCMY" "RGBCMY" that and the selection. Press or to and or to confirm. Select or and or to To another or RGB and The brightness the (red), and of the and bright If to appear clearly, the to the (right) If to the the whole become the become If bright to appear clearly, the to the If to the (right) bright become whiter, the become The and each of the (R), (G), (B), (C), (M) and yellow (Y) the from to to the of the
Quality Further to to sharpness and the amount of light from the to match the search of the Sharpness (Advanced) Press and then "Sharpness" "Advanced". or to and or to Press to the Iris Press and then Iris". Select "On". Press to the Sharpness (Advanced) Iris the and of the If "High-band the and the of clothing emphasized. If "Low-band the the "High-band emphasized. Instead, the rough of the such as and background, emphasized, (You "High-band and "Low-band the the the top the "H-Sharpness" "V-Sharpness" to the the sharpness the them to the The amount of light to the of the creating with and perspective. Quality
Preset Quality (Memory Function) commands such as and "Advanced" to the the then the easily, that with the Memory) Press or the or or the to Press or to the selection. If the Memory) Memory) that memory Memory) White Level/Black Brightness/Contrast Sharpness Advanced RGB RGBCMY Displayed input other than
This to of the items the The Memory" the "Memory" to the The following to the that to memory. Select Memory" from the "Memory" and then or Select memory from Memory1 to Memory9 to and then or The of memory indicated the of the to the of the memory as follows. Memory Grey Memory Selected the memory the selected when the memory displayed the right If memory that already and or the existing and the their To memory Memory" from the "Memory" You and the memory from the The selected when the memory the right Memory that to retained when the turned off. The memory to that the the turned TIP The aspect from memory to the they or the input Preset Quality (Memory Function) Quality
Functions The to of and the and input The following of items the while the Top to the operations. The to the and off and to the and "Navigation Color" TIP of If input, of the and Iris" the or the The items the the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Sharpness Iris On, This of the and "Memory" the This the of the while the Navigation White Level/Black Brightness/Contrast Advanced RGB RGBCMY Displayed input other than This the Theatre, Theatre Black Theatre Black High-band Low-band H-Sharpness, V-Sharpness RGB RGBCMY
Aspect Normal, Through, Through, Caption Tracking Advanced Hours "Info" The text yellow when to the from 0H to 10H as 0H. From 10H the of 1H. Source Refresh Rate Info The "Info" to the On, EPSON White Scaling input: Normal from the [HDMI input: Normal, Normal, Expanded Displayed input other than displayed input appear when from the [HDMI] input input) Direct On Child High Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right Navigation Background Screen NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM D4/SCART Memory "Memory" Memory Memory input input displayed input This displayed the Functions On, On, On, On, On, On, On, On, On, SCART Rear, Rear/Ceiling Memory1 to Memory9 Memory1 to Memory9
Functions selected the to match the or the These the from the connected and the appear The You of them to White Level/Black These the and light of White the of bright without the the to the bright become clearer. Black the of without the white the to the become clearer. Brightness/Contrast the brightness of the Brightness: The of the If or and the appear too bright, the the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. This the intensity the when and NTSC input.) This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. The to the Advanced This to selected when the to This the tints of the The each and type. The each and Displayed input other than input appear when from the[HDMI] input input)
This the tones of people who appear the RGB/RGBCMY RGB :This the offset and each of the R/G/B GBCMY :This the and each of the R/G/B/C/M/Y This You or while or Iris The amount of light (On)/ or This the to their Aspect Selects the aspect Caption If "Aspect to when with the as follows that the The and the both together. The of the reduced that the displayed. The whole of the that the displayed. Tracking This the appear the This the or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness and correction obtained the first and then the The each and type. The each and The each input appear when from the[HDMI] input input) to Projection reduce the to Subtitle section the of the Functions
Functions when input from the [HDMI input and to the Advanced EPSON White when "Theatre", "Theatre Black or "Theatre Black and or RGB input.) If bright white of such as and T-shirts the appear and overexposed, to "On". to "On", the only when or and RGB input.) to the :This when with amount of :This the input the with its projected. Scaling when or input.) This the (the of Normal the TV The the top, and of that normally and projected. Interference the top or of the the such to the ("Position"). Displayed when the from [HDMI input input. or the input (Not displayed when the DVI connected to the [HDMI] input when or NTSC input or when or RGB selected as when input.) If products such as South that this function to the specifications of the connected when this when RGB input from the [HDMI] input and "EPSON White" to If the [HDMI] input connected to the DVI of DVD or HDMI/DVI the the to match the that the DVD The the DVD Normal or Expand. The each and type. Displayed input other than
This to or off to whether the to their when the input The three items "Tracking and the the "Aspect to their (If the aspect to correction This to The correction the Direct On the switch turned to (On) without or to "On" with the that of electricity that when the back the to The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If selected, the power-saving function If while the This the function and off to whether the on/off and with to If the the the turned off and the cool- Child This the function of the the that the and the the applied, the only about seconds. to off the and the to as If the the the turned off and the cool- the "Direct On" to "On", that immediately as switch turned Operation If this to "On", can't the buttons and appears the when pressed. To and the about seconds or If the the exiting the Functions
Functions High of as to internal of about to "On". You as The when and when using the function. recorded, the previous Follow the instructions the to Selection The displayed while the selection displayed, therefore the The of the recorded Once recorded, the to the To the recorded Background" to Press and to specify the the to displayed. Navigation This whether the the displayed (On) or Selects the the and the 1:Black This whether the following appear (On) or appear aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the Background selecting the when using the function or when input. This whether the (the that when displayed (On) or displayed If the the the turned off and the cool- the selection that the of the to recorded the the Record
the with the that connected to the or [S- input If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. this the type of that output from the that to the If selected, If appear though selected, the D4/SCART This the with the from that to the [SCART] or [D4] Projection This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from This the and the to their the "High A", "D4/SCART", "Projection", and "Memory" Memory This to and the Memory This previously Memory" Memory This that using the Memory". Functions
Functions This to their The Memory", "D4/ SCART" and The Memory" Memory". This the operating this selected, the operating the cleared and to the the Press Press or Selecting item or to then or to If when item with to selected, the selection that item displayed. To to previous Alternatively, and then Press or to then Currently-selected item
Reading the The with the following which of the operating of the The following what the and to the that they If switched off, that the connected correctly and that the switch the (warning) or flashing Flashing (Lit/off cover the (Lit/off the and then the that the and the cover securely using of about the "High to "On". High internal (overheating) The switch off and the cooling turn off the switch the of the High-speed cooling You the the switch off automatically. the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty If the If the further If the the replaced, the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms If the of or and the Clean the they (operation) (warning) warning/problem If the when the turned back the off the switch, and the from the Then or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Troubleshooting
the (operation) or flashing the (warning) off Flashing the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear the completely the completely displayed Moving played displayed. The "Not Supported." displayed The displayed or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. when with the The If Warm-up Warm-up approximately seconds. off operations while warm-up Projection Normal Cool-down approximately seconds. Cool-down cool-down the to You the or the cool-down. If the switch the of the off cool-down the to cool (normally about hour required) turning the back or of the displayed. right The whole appears or white, appear and LCD reproduction performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear
relating to appear the Press the or the the switch Turn the switch the rear of the turned off? of the the and then switched off? the to supplied. active? Press the to the function. input? that the the connected If the to "On", relating to the displayed. the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the of the correctly? the and while their turned connected the to both externally and to the LCD when from or with built-in LCD If the connected to the If when the the command to the that matches the that from the connected A" You the to the If the VCR or DVD connected using D4 SCART Press to the to "D4/SCART". appear and the DVD connected, the the DVD to RGB If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back the to only externally. title such as or "Connecting Troubleshooting
The "Not Supported." If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the the match the and of the when The displayed that of the securely the connected connected. correctly? Press or the or the input the to the selected? Turn the the the the If the only to the LCD the to the to the when the externally, they appear the LCD title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD or of the the correctly? the cover. the cover attached? The recommended from the to the the the within of and of the that the within this Decrease the to reduce the amount of the correction. too If the connected to the If when the the command to the that matches the that from the connected A" You the to the the to the input, and the of Supported Displays" to that the "Info" of Displays" If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back
If the from to the or the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the the off and the to Interference or appear If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the that of the securely the correctly? connected. If used, interference increase. used? amplifier. the and "Tracking correctly? and RGB only the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when or Press to the aspect that to the input the aspect selected? If with the Caption" to the the the to the the correctly? If activated the of the the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the when If the connected to the If when the the command to the that matches the that from the A" You the to the The function that the to projected. of the obtained such the and commands to the Troubleshooting
the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when right If or input the correct? If when the command to the that matches the that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. the or the "White command to the the correctly? "Brightness/Contrast", "White Level/Black the to the the correctly? the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the intensity and correctly? the and tint. Saturation", "Tint" when from appear the "Brightness" commands to the the "Brightness/Contrast" correctly? the or the "White to the the correctly? "Brightness/Contrast", "White Level/Black the nearly the the become and the become this the should with If the connected to the If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected A" You the to the
Projection to On, the off active? input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to the back To the to "Operation" when Press the or the the If the "Child to "On", the "Child to "On"? about seconds or the to the "Operation" "Child to "On"? If the "Operation to "On", buttons the Press the "Operation" Disconnect the and then of the the to supplied. switched off? the off and when the touched? with the The the light- facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the approximately the too from the sunlight or light from the light- the or the correctly? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the light-receiving The operating the and approximately vertically. the location where light the light-receiving while that they correctly. Troubleshooting
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should clean the becomes or the of to Cleaning the If the becomes with and the "The overheating. nothing the and or the displayed, the Turn the and to the Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the To clean the to blower purchased the alternatively with spectacle-cleaning cloth. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of the cleaning. If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the It recommended that the about once three month. If the location, the should cleaned such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shocks, as easily become
If the or the though the cleaned. with optional the The the appears the when The or to The warning to appear of about hours of to the brightness and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should ready TIP displayed.
the TIP the If the and to replaced, there the that the already If the of which to the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the operating The operating the with The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. of properly with regulations. Press or to the off, the cools and then off the switch. Press or to the off, the cools and then turn off the switch. the cools approximately hour). Securely the the cover. fixing screws. Press to Press to the the the cover. the and it upward. the cover.
the the the cover. the fixing the screws. the and the cover securely. The the or the cover correctly. This includes that mercury Please and or recycling. the Select from the straight. and then the that the
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of October, of to without country of purchase. Optional ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Screen ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect ELPSC15 (Aspect ELPSCST01 the Soft Carry ELPKS55 this to the hand. VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to Mount ELPMB20 (with when the to mm/white) ELPFP07 when the to high or with of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this Unit ELPLP35 screwdriver) as ELPAF09 as
of Supported the the slightly. SDTV (D2) HDTV 16:9(D4) 16:9(D3) TV(NTSC TV(PAL SECAM Normal Through through Normal Through through Aspect Aspect Aspect Units: Aspect Units:
of input to the [HDMI input VGA VESA72/75/ SVGA XGA WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" SDTV HDTV the VGA to input from the [HDMI] input It to which the that Normal Through through Aspect Units:
Specifications EMP-TW620 Product the country. (W) (H) (D) including inch TFT active (W) (H) clock Scanning vertically, UHE W, ELPLP35 (light 240VAC 2.7-1.2A 245W(100-120V 240W(200-240V 4.0W(100-120V 5.0W(200-240V +35C +60C SCART input D4 RCA clock RCA HDMI input HDMI input RCA input DIN RS-232C DNX TM ICs this
Specifications of If the higher than the and RS-232C Connector input RS-232C <At <At USA UL60950-1 CSA C22.2 EU The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC/EN60950-1 <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND earth RD TD TD TD RD RD DTR DSR DSR ready DSR DTR DTR ready EMC USA FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class EU The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022 Class EN55024 IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS CISPR Class
responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA EPSON of Product EMP-TW620 Specifications
Following of of the terms this which or which the information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect The ratio and its HDTV aspect of and appear elongated. The aspect which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and or The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled become through It when the the or the to off the off the switch while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the of the or with the of the The about seconds to cool The the HDMI High Definition Interface, and to of high-definition and HDMI that household and that allows to their high without and includes function. HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or greater aspect of reception and playback (or of whereby the that when with the broadcast. NTSC National and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and which the and to It to which of and C SDTV It to which the HDTV. SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa.
Security consisting of with it that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of quality. The of the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV The from the and the