About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following to the the below. Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information the and includes instructions, warranty and troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the (this This information the basic operations, the troubleshooting and Notations this information Indicates where or to the the procedures correctly. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates the or Indicates items. "Image"-"Color Indicates the of the of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
Checking the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. RGB SCART commercially-available SCART to the when and the RGB SCART included as accessory. to the and to (with cover) Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the as Remote AA the
Table of of the and Functions Top the the Projection Operations Turning the and Projecting Turning the Selecting the Turning the off............................................. the Projection and the Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the Aspect Advanced of Troubleshooting Reading the the (warning) or flashing............33 the (operation) or flashing.............33 Remote Rear..........................................................................8 Appearance Connecting Sources the Remote the the to Projection Correcting Correcting the Quality (Memory Function) (Memory (Memory the the relating to when Other
Cleaning Cleaning the and Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the operating Optional Accessories.....................................44 of Supported Displays..............45 RGB Specifications RS-232C of the Operations Quality Troubleshooting
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following required. If "Theatre", "Theatre Black or "Theatre Black selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. to the the and to the to to or "cold" the The tones of people the to the further to of the
with function The function allows the of the to vertically and without the This allow the to with from or to the with phosphorescent with phosphorescent whose buttons the of functions of the other that as follows. that both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory functions that allow to and easily the "Child that to children from turning the and the with throw throw only) of approximately of the
and Functions Top below cover this cover when the the immediately or while becomes Remote light- from the Source Selects the the or off. (Operation) Flashes or lights to the operating of the (Warning) Flashes or lights to with the or selection this to the item and to the the to the that the when top. buttons Used as buttons to items and If the displayed, the and the the vertically. the the cover when the to the from becoming or Pressing while or selection displays the Aspect Selects the aspect. buttons Used as right/left buttons to the displayed, these the
with function the as the buttons the to further these buttons. light-emitting Pressing this the and the motion. Aspect A/V Pressing this temporarily switches off the and the and them. The buttons phosphorescent. sunlight or lighting they light, and the they On/Off buttons the off. and Functions Switches the input to the to switch the input to match the that connected to the the using the selection The reflected the the Switches the input to the Switches the input to the input Switches the input to the input Automatically RGB and RGB from to the the
and Functions Rear
Appearance of of from of to fixing amount: vertically) from of to of amount: 3-M48 Units: of
the The of the basically the from the to the While to the below, the that the the the The should as the The to the and when the the following locations from the high location to the that the right front of shelf, positioning the of the because the correction optically. to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the this upright. This Units: Units: Shortest The height from the of the to the of the the Projection Units: Units: Shortest of
Projection the
Connecting Sources (VHS VCR, DVD (VHS VCR, DVD To output (commercially- If DVD connected using RGB SCART the to "Selecting the the RGB SCART included as accessory. specially-shaped such the accessory or optional that with the to the The that should to to the the type of that the of of The of the to as follows, of You should to the with the to what of the The Turn the off both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or the connected. the connected. (commercially- To A/V (commercially- A/V (commercially- RGB RGB SCART Cr/Pr (commercially- SCART SCART RGB SCART (accessory) SCART RGB SCART (accessory)
the Remote the The with already the accessory the Battery If the of the or that the becoming If this the with batteries. AA as the the
Turning the and Projecting Turning the
Selecting the Selecting the If than connected, or projected, the or the buttons to the the the Turning the off Turning the and Operations
the and the Turn the to the to to Turn the to the of the Projection Projection the to the If the straight front of the the that the the Correcting Correcting If the the front to the that the the and top the to the If the becomes to further and the further Right
Correcting Correcting to the or below the of the the the such the or the to the the to the function used. the shifted to the or right, correction corrections the the to right. corrected within of the the The of the built-in as follows. Remote the to the the increases, and when to the the You from the You from the To the correction and with least the the Projection Screen and the Operations
Quality Selecting the Selecting the Aspect
Press and the from the the selection with the where the used. using the bright completely clear tone of might professional when DVD software. tone of that the of the theatre. If "Theatre", "Theatre Black or "Theatre Black selected, the automatically. This increases and tones appear which the closed. It that this when Press and the aspect from the selection from TV broadcasts with ratio Recommended Normal aspect Black appear the and right of the HDTV the appear Theatre Theatre Black Theatre Black recorded or DVD software the as the If projected, the elongated such as from DVD the height as the If projected, the top and of the truncated. If with and the truncated, the Caption" to Quality
Advanced The allows to the the selecting the To the to the and The the memory that them and apply them to the
This to the tones of The that to when tones. If to further tones, this to the If to the the become and to the the become You the of If "High", appear bluish, and appear Select of three "High", or tone tone White Purple High Quality
Preset Quality (Memory Function) commands such as Quality" and to the the then the easily, that with the (Memory Selection operations Press or the or or the to Press or to the selection. If the selection appears. Select item to to the that (Memory that memory Brightness Quality Sharpness Retriving (Memory Tracking input displayed Aspect Caption Scaling
The to and memory from to and these This to of the items the the "Memory: Advance" command. The Memory" the to the The following to the that to memory. Select Memory" from the and then Select memory from Memory1 to Memory to and then The of memory indicated the of the to the of the memory as follows. Memory Grey Memory Selected If memory that already and the existing and the their To memory "Memory from the You and the memory from the selection Memory that to retained when the turned off. The memory to that the the turned The aspect from memory to the they or the input Quality (Memory Function) Quality
Functions The to of and the and input to the operations. The to the Color" of If input, of the the The items the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Quality Brightness Memory Memory Top Tracking Sharpness Theatre, Theatre Black Theatre Black Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory Memory ON, OFF High, input displayed input Navigation
"Info" Direct ON The text displayed yellow when to the from 0H to 10H as 0H. From 10H onwards, the of 1H. Source Refresh Rate displayed input Info displayed input displayed input The "Info" to the ON, OFF Aspect Normal, Caption Scaling Normal, Projection Rear, Rear/Ceiling Child High Background M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM ON, OFF OFF ON, OFF ON, OFF NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, Memory Functions This when or RGB input. This when or input or when NTSC from or input. ON, OFF ON, OFF
Functions Quality Brightness The brightness of the If or and the appear too bright, the the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. This the the when and NTSC input.) This the tint. Tracking This the appear the This the or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness and correction obtained the first and then the The selected from three to the of the This the tones of people who appear the Sharpness This the sharpness. The selected from with the projected. The each and type. The each and displayed input displayed input
Memory This to the Memory This the memory. This to or off to whether the to their when the input The three items "Tracking and This the to their the that using the Memory" command. The Memory" the "Memory or to the (This when or input or when from or RGB input.) OFF Conversion of to each the This using when with amount of ON :Interlaced This using when Aspect Selects the aspect The each and type. Functions
Functions Caption If "Aspect to when with the as follows that the The and the both together. The of the reduced that the displayed. The whole of the that the displayed. Scaling input of or only, this of the of the projected). Normal the TV and The the top, and of that normally and Interference the top, and of the the such to the This to The correction using the This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from (This when NTSC from or input or when input.) If products such as South that this function to the of the connected when this Direct ON whether "Direct ON" ("ON") or ("OFF"). to "ON" and the connected to of that of electricity that when back the to automatically. The each and type. to reduce the to Subtitle section the of the
The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If "OFF" selected, the power-saving function If while the Child This the function of the the that child the and the the applied, the turn about seconds. to turn off the and the to as The operation this If the the the off and the cool- High of as to internal of about to "ON". You as The when and when the A/V recorded, the previous Follow the instructions the to user Selection the selection that the of the to recorded the The while the selection displayed, therefore the The of the recorded Once recorded, the to the To the recorded "Background Color" to Selects the the and the 2:Black Select the Functions Record
Functions This whether the following displays appear (ON) or appear (OFF). aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the Background selecting the when the A/V or when input. This whether the (the that when displayed (ON) or displayed (OFF). If the the the turned off and the cool-down the with the that connected to the or input If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. this the type of that from the that connected to the This the and This the to their the "Aspect", "Child "High and
This to their The "Child guage" and Memory This that the Memory". This the operating this selected, the operating the cleared and to the Functions
Functions the Press Selecting item or to then or to If when item with to selected, the selection that item displayed. To to Alternatively, and then Press or to then Currently-selected item
Reading the The with the following which of the operating of the The following what the and to the that they If both switched off, that the connected correctly and that supplied. the (warning) or flashing (Lit/off (Lit/off the (operation) or flashing the (warning) off Flashing Flashing the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms CAUTION the the and then the If the If the further High internal (overheating) The switch off and High-speed cooling You the the switch off automatically. If Warm-up Warm-up approximately seconds. off operations while Normal Cool-down approximately seconds. cool-down the to You the or the Cool-down warning/problem If the the replaced, the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms (operation) (warning) Troubleshooting
the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear below Projection the completely the completely The "Not Supported." displayed The or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. or of the displayed. Other when sound heard or the sound The relating to appear Press the or the the the and then of the the to supplied. switched off? Press the to the A/V A/V active? that the the turned If the input? to "ON", relating to the displayed. If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the right The whole appears purplish or white, appear and LCD performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear
If the connected to the the the to the that correct? matches the that from the connected A" You the to the of the the correctly? the and connected while their turned connected the to the accessory connected The Supported." If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the the match the and of the when The that of the securely the connected connected. correctly? Press or the or the input the to the selected? If the VCR or DVD connected RGB SCART Press to the to appear and the DVD connected, the the DVD to RGB If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back The to externally. the to or to as as the own title such as or "Connecting If the connected to the the command to the that matches the that from the connected A" You the to the the to the input, and the of to that the "Info" of Supported Displays" Troubleshooting
the the connected Turn the the turned If the only to the LCD the or to the accessory to the to the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD or of the the correctly? the cover attached? the cover. The recommended from the to the within the the of and of the that the within this Decrease the to reduce the amount of the correction. too If the from to or the the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the the off and the to Interference or appear If or input the If when the correct? command to the that matches the that of the securely the connected. correctly? If used, interference increase. connecting amplifier. used? If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back If the to the the to the that matches the that from the connected A" You the to the
the and "Tracking correctly? and RGB the the that the that selected? with this of Supported Displays" when or Press to the aspect that to the input the aspect selected? If with the Caption" command to the the to the the correctly? If activated the of the the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the when the the that the that selected? with this of Supported Displays" when right If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the that of the securely the connected connected. correctly? the command to the the Quality" correctly? the and to the the correctly? Quality"- The function that the to of the obtained such the and commands to the Quality" "Tracking", If the connected to the the to the that matches the that from the connected A" You the to the Troubleshooting
the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the the intensity and and tint. correctly? Quality" Saturation", "Tint" when from appear the "Brightness" commands to the the brightness Quality" "Brightness" correctly? the to the the Quality" "Contrast" correctly? the nearly the the become and the become this the should with to ON, the off active? input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to the back To the to "OFF". "Operation" when Press the or the the If the "Child to "ON", the "Child to "ON"? about seconds or the to the "Operation" "Child the and then of the the to supplied. switched off? the off and when the touched? Other sound heard or the sound that the connected to the input the correctly? the that sound heard. the to the Press the to the A/V A/ active? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty
The the light- facing the light-receiving when operated? The operating the the too from the sunlight or light from the light-receiving the or the correctly? than seconds? the the light-receiving The operating the approximately and vertically. the location where light the light-receiving batteries, while that they correctly. If of the buttons the than seconds, the The of this to the from to something top of the the released, operation Troubleshooting
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning the and If the or becomes with the "The overheating. Clean or the and the displayed and clean the or To the and cleaner. Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty of the cleaning. If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to with and shortening of the service life. It recommended that these least once three months. Clean them often than this the such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shocks, as easily become
If the or the though the cleaned. with optional the The the appears the when The or to The to appear of about hours of to the brightness and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready displayed.
the the If the and to placed, there the that the already If the of which to the should that the and it with Furthermore, should to the of the the operating The operating the with The built-in counter which of the operating the reaches the warning to displayed. of properly with the cover. Turn off the the cools and the tone sounds, then the Turn off the the cools and the tone sounds, then the the cools hour). Securely the the cover. fixing screws. Press to the the and upward. the cover. To the cover, screwdriver (the the as the option- the cover switch. Press to the
the the the cover. the the the fixing screws. the and the cover securely. The the or the cover correctly. The mercury. of properly with Select and then Select from the that straight. the
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of of to without country of purchase. Unit ELPLP33 screwdriver) as ELPAF09 as ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect Screen ELPSC15 (Aspect ELPSCST01 the Soft Carry ELPKS54 this to the hand. VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to Mount ELPMB19 (with when the to mm/white) ELPFP07 when the to high or with *A of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this
of Supported the the slightly. Aspect Normal SDTV (D1) (D2) HDTV (D4) (D3) Aspect TV(NTSC TV (PAL SECAM RGB Aspect VGA VESA72/75/85, SVGA XGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" the VGA It to which the with such Normal Normal Aspect Units: Aspect Units: Units:
Specifications EMP-TW20 Product (W) (H) (D) including inches TFT active (W) (H) clock Scanning vertically, horizontally) UHE W, ELPLP33 (light 1W 240VAC 2.3-1.0A supply 200W(100-120V 190W(200-240V 4.0W(100-120V 5.0W(200-240V +35C +60C RCA input RCA input DIN input RCA (L, R) (RS-232C) of If the higher than the and DNX TM ICs this
RS-232C Connector input (RS-232C) USA UL60950 Third Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition EMC USA FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024 IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS CISPR Class Specifications
Following of of the terms this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect of and appear elongated. The aspect The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the and separated, to quality. high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and or The of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled become through It when the the or the to off the the while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool- to normally, the and internal high and this the of the or with the operation of the The about seconds to cool The the HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or aspect of reception and playback (or of whereby the that when with the broadcast. NTSC National Committee, and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV
SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa. Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the