Printed 03.09-.XA(C01)
TW200-E.book Monday, PM About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following four to the the below. Unpacking and the that with the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty This information the and includes instructions, warranty terms and troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the information operations the and connecting or and (this information the using the troubleshooting and Notations this information Indicates the or of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates procedures where or to the the procedures correctly. Indicates information and which useful to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
TW200-E.book PM of the and Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the Aspect.......................................8 Advanced Functions of using Preparation Uninstalling Connecting to Starting Troubleshooting Reading the the (warning) or flashing the (operation) or flashing Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the Remote Rear...........................................................................6 Appearance RGB (memory function)...........................................12 (Memory Retriving (Memory the Operations using the Computer...............................26 the and from customised memory memory and editing memory the relating to when with the the Optional of RGB Specifications..................................................42 Compatible Index.................................................................47 Quality Troubleshooting
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following required. If "Theatre", or selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. The CD-ROM that included with the to to the and of the from which exchanged with other people that they the of the that
with function The function allows the of the to vertically and without the This allow the to with from or to the of The within The obtained using the bright or or such as when creating the atmosphere of theatre. and The and the accessory easy and that when connected. high to allow to increased to that of approximately of of the other that as follows. that both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory that allow to and easily the that to the that they or to children from turning the and the of the
and Functions
Remote with function the as the buttons the to further these buttons. when and Functions
and Functions Rear
TW200-E.book PM Appearance of of from of to fixing amount: upwards, from of to of amount: to the and right) 4-M48 of Units:
TW200-E.book PM Quality Selection operations If the selection Selecting the Press or the or or the to Press or to the selection. Selecting the *The selection activated when advanced memory Selecting the Aspect Selecting the Aspect from the or [D4] projected: from the or projected: Normal the If the input to the or [D4] the aspect selected with the as follows. input input recorded input If the become Normal. Normal
TW200-E.book PM Press and the from the the selection with the where the used. the bright Theatre which the closed. It recommended that this when If "Theatre" or selected, the automatically. This increases and tones appear Press and the aspect from the selection from TV broadcasts with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Through Black appear the and right of the If HDTV the elongated recorded or DVD software with input of or the as the the height as the If projected, the top and of the truncated. If with and the truncated, the Caption" to If projected, the elongated horizontally. Quality using If the connected both the and the to The the with the input unchanged. The or with the and projected. To that they the whole of the the or the further from the If HDTV Through the elongated Quality recorded Through the input
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Advanced The allows to the the selecting the Furthermore, to with the them, and/or "RGB" the of the The the "Memory: that them and apply them to the If the CD-ROM that included with the the easily from to the and These the memory, and they which exchanged with other people that they the of the that If or the displayed. Press and "RGB". Tone Tone tone High K) K) White RGB RGB Brightness to to To appear clearly, to the If to the the whole become the become
Advanced Quality
(memory function) commands such as Quality" and to the the then the easily, that with the Selection operations Press or the or the to Press or to the selection. If the selection Select item to to the that (Memory Retriving (Memory that memory Aspect (Memory The The Yo
TW200-E.book Monday, PM The of the items shown and the aspect The "Memory: the to the The to and memory from to and these the "Memory: Advance" command. The to and memory from of memory and "Advance") and each to of If to the and these using "Memory: Advance". The following to the "Memory: command. the that to memory. Select "Memory: from the and then Select memory from MEMORY1 to MEMORY6 to and then The of memory indicated the of the to the of the memory as follows. Memory Grey Memory Selected If memory that already and the existing and the their To memory "Memory from the You and the memory from the selection If using both the "Memory: Advance" and the "Memory: commands, selecting the "Memory: or "Memory: Advance" first displayed. Select the memory where the that would to Memory that to retained when the turned off. The memory to that the the turned The aspect from memory to the they or the input If "Memory: Advance" the to the they the "Memory: Advance" To this, Memory" from the selection (memory function) Quality
TW200-E.book PM Functions The to of and the and input The following of items while the Top to the operations. You the ON/OFF and the The "On-Screen "Navigation Color" of If input, of the "Brightness" the Quality" of the The items the and the "Info" the type of that projected. commands when advanced memory Quality White Level/Black Memory: Memory Brightness Sharpness Tracking RGB R: G: B: R: G: R: G: B: Theatre ON OFF This Quality" and the This useful the of the while the White Black input input country of purchase) input input Contrast: High (9300K) (6500K) (5500K)
TW200-E.book PM Advanced "Info" On-Screen The text displayed when to the from 0H to 10H as 0H. From 10H the of 1H. Source Refresh Rate Info The "Info" to the Reduction Scaling Normal input Normal input: country of purchase) Caption Projection OFF COM Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right Navigation Background D4 Functions ON OFF when or input. OFF NR1, NR2 only when or NTSC input. Rear ,Rear/Ceiling ON, OFF RS-232C USB ON, OFF Child ON OFF ON, OFF ON ,OFF ON ,OFF Black ON ,OFF ,NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM country of purchase) Hours Memory displayed input input input ON, OFF
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Functions Quality These the from the and the appear The You of them to White Black White Level/Black These the and light of White the brightness of bright without the the to the bright become clearer. Black the of without the white the to the become clearer. Black the brightness of the the of the the to the the appear brighter Contrast: the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. Brightness The brightness of the If or and the appear too bright, the If the reduced to or reduced to approximately This the the when and NTSC input) This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. Tracking This the appear the input This the or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness and correction obtained the tracking first and then the The each and type. The each and input displayed input White input
TW200-E.book PM selected when the to The selected from three to the of the that projected. This the tones of people who appear the RGB This the brightness of the bright and intermediate of the The selected from with the Memory: This to the and the aspect Memory This to back their they to that the "Memory: Advance" command. To to their This to or off to whether the to their when the input This the to their the that using the "Memory: command. The "Memory: using the "Memory The each and type. The each and Functions displayed input (5500K) R/G/B: R/G/B: R/G/B: ON
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Functions Advanced only when or input) OFF :IP each field the This using when with amount of ON :Interlaced This when Reduction only when or input.) This interference and the appear If with or interferences, such as from recommended that this to "OFF". Scaling This the (the of or input Normal the TV displayed :The the top, and of that normally and projected. Interference the top or of the the or input Normal the :The of the truncated when projected. Select this option there interference the top or of the when or NTSC input.) If products such as the United States or South that this function to the specifications of the when this and to the The each and type. OFF OFF Normal Normal country of purchase)
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Caption If aspect to when with the as follows that the The and the both together. The of the reduced that the displayed. The whole of the that the displayed. This to The correction using the This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from Operation The with power-saving function that the to turn off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If "OFF" selected, the function If while the COM This selects the that to when the to the of from the If the the the turned off and the cool-down to Projection reduce the Subtitle section to the of the The each and type. Functions USB
Functions This the function and off to whether the off and with to If the the the turned off and the cool-down This whether the following functions turned or off. function turned displayed the when operation OFF OFF Child This the function of the the that child the and the the applied, the about seconds. to off the and the to as The unaffected this If the the the turned off and the cool-down The the (If this to "ON", the "Child If the the the On-Screen Press and to the the to displayed. This whether the the displayed (ON) or ON displayed (OFF). The the and the selected as follows. This whether the following displays appear (ON) or appear (OFF). aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the internal Selects the when or the (the that Black when projected. OFF OFF OFF ON
TW200-E.book PM This whether the (the that when (ON) or displayed (OFF). If the the the turned off and the cool-down when or input) This the If selected, the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the this the type of that from the that connected to the D4 Select or the type of that the that connected to the [D4] This the and English country of purchase) This the to their the and Functions ON
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Functions This the operating this selected, the operating the cleared and to the Memory This that using the "Memory: and "Memory: Advance" commands. "Memory: Advance" the This to their The "Memory: "Memory: and
TW200-E.book PM the Press Press Selecting item and to then and to If when item with to selected, the selection that item displayed. To to previous Alternatively, and then Press Functions The activated when advanced memory Currently-selected item and to then
TW200-E.book PM Preparation If other them the accessory CD-ROM CD-ROM The Macintosh: Click the OS automatically. Classic" or the OS X" the "EPSON" the operating displayed, the of this and then The software displayed. Select the software to the the the and then Follow the instructions which appear the to the installation. Click to the installation. If using and displayed prompting to the If this follow the instructions the and If If connecting to USB to the USB (EPSON COM If the automatically, and then the and "[CD-ROM and then [OK]. Select the software to the the
Uninstalling If following the below. From Computer, the or and then (or [Change/Remove] XP). Connecting to to to the of the to the USB or RS-232C the "COM command the "Operation" of the to the that the USB If the New appears when connected to the of USB the USB (EPSON COM the of connected to USB and of connected to when RS-232C Preparation Follow the instructions that displayed the the following displayed. Select Uninstall. Click using
TW200-E.book Monday, PM The following information to the of the The basically the Click to to Click as to the "RGBCMY" Click to to Starting Operations the the and Starting Operations the the to the or right to Click to increase or the and the or The to the the and release the the and the [Apply] to apply the to the If [OK], the
TW200-E.book PM that the the to turned then Click "EPSON that Click and then "Applications" from the HD)", and then and (V1.0)" that the used.) the the displayed. The connected displayed, the that would to the then and operations easily Items that Click the of the to the following The as the White Level/Black Brightness Sharpness Reduction Scaling when input. to such as and (R), (G), (B), (C), (M) and yellow (Y) to the You the to appear as though or the to completely the of the or red. the brightness of the If with such as the character as the used. from from The of the as The these then and to the these to other people that they the of You the from memory and them. and applying from the Remote Click the item to Click to the operation as the the to the currently using
TW200-E.book PM Click the as the Memory function. memory and memory memory and memory from the Loading from memory the memory Select the memory to the memory Click Select the location, type and then If with the already displayed. from memory memory Memory customised memory memory memory Memory Indicates the memory Not Select memory from the memory Click Read]. Select the to the selection and then If the memory selected, displayed. "C fro This The the C to
TW200-E.book Monday, PM the the memory to used. The following of memory and to of each. The type of memory that the with "RGB" with "RGBCMY" Select the memory to from the memory and then "Memory to the following easily. the memory to the memory. This memory that to the memory of the that they the whenever memory The such as "MEMORY1" and "MEMORYA" to that of the memory of memory the the without memory Memory that selected and memory Select the to from the memory Click [Memory the "Memory type memory of to characters. The characters that include characters, the character and characters. the [OK]. memory Click the or "Advanced" to the type of memory. selecting the memory to from the memory [Select]. The selected to the memory Select the memory to initialised from the memory Click [Memory At the [OK].
TW200-E.book PM Reading the The with the following which of the operating of the The following what the and to the that they *If both switched off, that the connected correctly and that supplied. the (warning) or flashing Flashing the If the If the further High internal (overheating) The switch off and High-speed cooling You using the the switch off automatically. the (operation) or flashing the (warning) off Flashing If Warm-up Projection Normal operation the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty the and then the Warm-up approximately seconds. the to steady and Cool-down approximately seconds. cool-down the to You the or the cool- (operation) (warning) warning/problem If the the replaced, the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms If the when the turned back the and the from the Then or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of or the and the Clean the they
TW200-E.book PM the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear below Projection the completely the completely The "Not Supported." displayed The displayed or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. or Projection of the displayed. when with the The relating to appear Press the or the the Disconnect the and then of the switched off? the to supplied. Press the to the function. active? that the the connected turned If the input? to "ON", relating to the displayed. "On-Screen the to the the which matches the connected correct? of the the correctly? right The whole appears purplish or white, appear and LCD reproduction performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear Troubleshooting
TW200-E.book PM the and while their turned connected the to the accessory connected The "Not Supported." displayed If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the the match the and of the when The displayed that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. Press or the or the input the to the selected? Turn the the the the connected turned the If the to the LCD or to the accessory to the to the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back The to externally. the to or to as as the own title such as or "Connecting If the connected to the or [D4] the to the that matches the that from the You or the to the the to the input, and the of to that the "Info" of Supported Displays" If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back
TW200-E.book PM or of the the correctly? the cover attached? the cover. The recommended from the to the within the the of and of the that the within this Decrease the to reduce the amount of the correction. too If the from to or the the of the and this the to appear the the approximately hour to used. If the turn the off and the to Interference or appear If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the that of the securely the connected connected. correctly? If used, interference increase. connecting amplifier. used? the and "Tracking correctly? and RGB the that the that with the this selected? of Supported Displays" when or Press to the aspect that to the input the aspect selected? If with the Caption" to the If the connected to the or [D4] the to the that matches the that from the connected You or the to the The function that the to projected. of the obtained such the "Tracking" and commands to the Quality" Troubleshooting
TW200-E.book Monday, PM the to the the correctly? If activated the of the the the only about of the the To the whole of the the off the when the that the that with the this selected? of Supported Displays" when right If or input the If when the correct? to the that matches the that of the securely the connected. correctly? the "Contrast" or "White to the the correctly? Quality" the to the the correctly? the Intensity" and "Tint" commands to the the intensity and and tint. correctly? Quality" Intensity", "Tint" when from appear the and "Brightness" commands to the brightness the correctly? Quality" "Brightness" the "Contrast" or "White to the the correctly? Quality" the nearly the become the and the become this the should with If the to the or [D4] the to the that matches the that from the connected You or the to the
TW200-E.book PM Projection to ON, the off active? input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to the back To the command to "OFF". "Operation" when Press the or the the If the "Child to "ON", the "Child to "ON"? about seconds or the to the "Operation" "Child If the command to "ON", the to "ON"? Press the "Operation" Disconnect the and then of the the to supplied. switched off? the off and when the touched? with the The the light- facing the light- when operated? The operating the approximately the too from the sunlight or light from the light-receiving the or the correctly? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the "International Warranty Conditions" Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the the light-receiving The operating the and vertically. the location where light the light-receiving while that they correctly. Troubleshooting
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of the cleaning. Cleaning the If the airfilter becomes with and the "The overheating. Clean or the and the displayed, clean the Turn the and to the If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the Then the with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
TW200-E.book Monday, PM If the becomes or too to with optional Optional Accessories" The the appears the when The or to to the brightness and of the hours the that the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The of each the characteristics of the and the used. The to become or turning the appears. You should ready displayed.
the the the Turn off the the cool-down to approximately seconds), then the the cover. the latch.
the the cover. of the and the that the
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of October of to without ELPLP28 as ELPAF04 as ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect Soft ELPKS51 this to the hand. VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to mount ELPMB17 (with when the to in.)/white) ELPFP07 when the to high or with *A of to the from the Please the of purchase to this
TW200-E.book PM of Supported the the slightly. SDTV (D1) (D2) HDTV (D4) (D3) TV(NTSC TV (PAL SECAM RGB VGA SDTV VESA72/75/85, SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA60/75/85 MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" the VGA It to which the with such Normal Through through Normal Through through Normal Through through Aspect Units: Aspect Aspect Units: Aspect Aspect Units:
TW200-E.book PM Specifications EMP-TW200 Product (W) (H) (D) including inches TFT active (W) (H) clock Scanning UHP W, ELPLP28 (light VAC +35C +60C D4 D4 RCA RCA DIN (RS-232C) USB USB (type B) The USB to correctly with this
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Compatible using 98SE, NT4.0(SP6a), OS Professional, XP Edition, XP Professional Edition or MMX or higher CPU II or higher recommended) MB or MB or Memory MB or MB or free XGA or or USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, OS MAC OS or Not with the of OS or higher. PC G3 or higher or higher recommended) EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class Specifications
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Specifications responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA EPSON of Product EMP-TW200
TW200-E.book Monday, PM Following of of the this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. Aspect The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect of and appear elongated. The aspect The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the and The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and or The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled become through It when the the or the to off the the while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool- allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the of the or with the of the The cool-down about The the The of that as of factors such as the to It the brighter R, and The of that as of factors such as the to It the intermediate R, and HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or aspect of reception and (or of whereby the approximately that when with the broadcast. NTSC National Committee, and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South The of that as of factors such as the to It the R, and PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and expressed which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV
TW200-E.book Monday, PM SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa. Security consisting of with it that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security international that that which easily operating (OS) and the SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of quality. The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which contained the TV The from the and the The which contained the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the