Printed 06.XX-.XA(G04) Printed
About the and Notations Used of The EPSON the following to the the below. Instructions/Support and Service This information the and includes warranty service, and troubleshooting to this thoroughly using the (this This information the basic operations, the troubleshooting and Notations this information TIP Indicates the or Indicates items. "Image"-"Color Indicates the of the of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates procedures where or to the the correctly. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of terms. to the the
Checking the the that these If of the or incorrect, please the of purchase. (with cover) Remote AA to the and to the CD-ROM Instructions/Support and Service instead of CD-ROM, or the
of of the and the the Connecting Sources.......................12 Operations Projecting Turning the and Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the aspect Advanced tone RGB and brightness Functions the of Rear..............................................................8 Appearance...................................................9 the the the Projection to Projection Quality Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Preset Quality (Memory Function)......................................24 Loading and Memory "Memory"
Troubleshooting Reading the the (warning) or flashing...............................................................36 the (operation) or flashing...............................................................37 Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the the operating the relating to when with the Optional of Supported RGB) from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Specifications Table of the operation Quality Troubleshooting
of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following If Night", "HD" or selected, the to increase the and to tones appear with tints. reproduction This with the this to the and the clearer, Sophisticated to the the and tones procedures to the to own the offset and RGB and the and of RGBCMY to that match the HD Night
with function The function allows the of the to vertically and without the This allow the to with from or to the Advanced Advanced such as Iris" and "Sharpness (Advanced)" to With the Iris function turned the amount of light to match the projected, to with and perspective. The Sharpness function to the to such as and clothing. of functions of the other that as follows. EPSON White to overexposure that that too bright. that both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory that allow to and easily using the that to the that they or to children from turning the and the with throw throw provided. screen only) of approximately of the
and Functions Top below Remote light- from the the immediately or while becomes with function the as the buttons the to "Remote further these buttons. Source Selects the the or off. (Operation) Flashes or lights to the operating of the (Warning) or lights to with the the horizontally. to the that the when top. Select/Line buttons the vertically. the the when the to the from becoming or Aspect buttons
Remote when Memory the full-screen Press to items and Select/Line the this to the item and to the the the The appears and each this pressed. The switch off and each this pressed. the when this pressed. The switches off about seconds passed. Remote light- On/Off buttons and Functions the on/off. Selects the Aspect Selects the aspect. Pressing while displays the Source buttons Switches to input from connected to the HDMI1 HDMI2 PC S.Tone the tones of people who appear the
and Functions Rear the turned DC from this the turned off or with the becomes to the ON/OFF to input to of the input to the of the input to the or of the [PC] input fixing the optional mount when the from cover this cover when the to the RGB of the switch the to RS-232C This and should the customer. the [HDMI1 input to or that [HDMI2] input to or that Remote light-receiving Security [RS-232C] and other from the It should cleaned from the
Appearance of of from of to fixing amount: vertically) from of to of amount: of 4-M4 Units:mm
the The of the basically the from the to the While to the below, the that the the the The should as the Shortest to The to the and when the the following locations. from the high location to the that the right front of shelf, positioning using the of the the correction optically. the function should used. of the Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Projection Shortest to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Top The height from the of the to the of the the Units: to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Units: to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to If the to the then the distorted.
from directly front from the which or or where there or other Clean the least once every months. Clean the the of when the from the mount). If correctly, causing and If the mount to the screws from or things such as or the the crack causing to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the or the mount, to the screws from and or and the its This malfunctions to from the of the from the the and that they the from the Projection the
Connecting Sources (VHS VCR, DVD the connected. (commercially- specially-shaped such the accessory or optional that with the to the The that should to to the the type of that the of of The of the to as follows, of quality: [HDMI You should to the with the to what of the The TIP Turn the off both the and the connecting them. If the the of the of the and the the If to force to with or of malfunction or to the or RCA (commercially- HDMI (commercially- HDMI (commercially- (commercially-
the Remote the The with already the accessory using the the cover. the While the Press the cover clicks the If the of the or that the becoming If this the with AA as batteries. TIP the the and the and the that they correctly. the cover. Remote light-receiving Remote light-emitting the
Projecting Turning the and the If there with though the and connected correctly, to TIP the cover. Turn the switch. If the "Direct On" to "On", the of the ON when the switch turned ON, without to the of the or the The with "Child function that from turning the and the and function that mis-operations. of about the "High to "On". This with function that when input switched. If or with LCD connected to the to or function to the While holding the (the with such as the selection Turn the ON Remote Turn the the connected of selection NEC SOTEC HP IBM LENOVO SONY DELL or OS, the selection
the expected If than connected, or projected, the or the buttons to the the the first, then the the Press the that the of the that the connected to. the of the from the input to the from the connected the TIP Turning the off Turn the off the that connected to the Press the or the If the the following displayed. Press to the expected Turning the off the displayed. Each of the the to the input to Press to The input operations about seconds with the the input the cooled about seconds), off the switch. or electricity the cover. Projecting the Operations
the Projection Screen Turn the to the The function to the vertically and within the shown the the right when this directly front of the or when the too or too high. the and hear click, the centred. The to the both the and The shifted vertically when shifted the amount. the shifted the amount, shifted to of the of the to Turn the to the of the to Projection the to the the amount. the 1/2V 1/2V 1/2H 1/2H to the upwards that the shifted from the to the right
1/2H 1/2V Correcting If the the front to the that You such as when the to and without to If the pressed, the appears. To the Correcting the Projection Operations
Quality Select Operations Press or the or the to Press or to the selection. *If the Select If that compressed, or using the aspect function such as or the of or infringing the author's right that protected copyright TIP Selecting the Selecting the Press and the from the the Selecting the aspect Selecting the aspect Press and the aspect from the input input recorded input Not input. Not with If the become Normal. to the HDMI1/HDMI2 Normal
using bright which the closed. It recommended that this when Night the indicated with the to increase the and tones Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Black appear the and right of the HDTV projected, the appear recorded or DVD software the as the projected, the elongated Quality completely clear tone of might professional when creating DVD software. tone of that the of the theatre. You from of the input to the HDMI1 and HDMI2 naturally. HD Normal TV broadcasts with aspect ratio the height as the the top and of the from If this the of the from the top and reduced the that the with and the truncated, the Caption command to the height as the At this the ratio the of the become the and right of the This when there to the of the the appear to what they would their both of the the of the appears and of Quality
Advanced If would to with the them, and/or "Advanced" the The the memory that them and apply them to the "Abs.Color and the respective buttons. when to Color". Differences the colouring when projected, and to this. (Projection temporarily such There of One to of the correction The other which with reference to the or The the input and its the tone tone from the correction From the correction that the connected or of or and or to the selection. the to the of the increase the of the to the bright This indicated the the Higher the bright This indicated the the
when to Color". This to the tones of The that to when tones. If would to further tones, this to the when to Color". You the of If higher appear bluish, and appear The to of within the of 5000K to 10000K. from the or to first "Customized", then from the Press or to the selection each appear the or to the to the where to the brightness, and or to the selection. The selected and the of the brightness flash, and appear. Press of or to reconfirm. the tone appear. or to the and or to Press to back and from the or to first "Customized", then from the Press or to the selection each appear. or to the where to the tone brightness, and of or to the selection. the tone appear. or to the and or to Advanced Quality
Advanced RGB when to Color". The brightness the (red), and of the and bright If would to appear clearly, the to the (right) If to the the whole become the become If would bright to appear clearly, the to the If to the (right) that the becoming brighter and to white, the light become and when to Color". The and each of the (R), (G), (B), (C), (M) and yellow (Y) the of the to bluish, and the of the Brightness the of the RGB and brightness Press and then "Advanced" "RGB" that and the selection. or to and or to To the to their Press to the Press and then "Advanced" "RGBCMY" that and the selection. Press or to and or to confirm. Select or brightness and or to To another To the to their Press to the
Quality to to advanced sharpness and the amount of light from the to match the search of the Sharpness (Advanced) This input of If "High-band the and the of clothing emphasized. If "Low-band the the "High-band emphasized. Instead, the rough of the such as and background, emphasized, to the the sharpness the them to the Iris when to Color." Iris" to "On", the amount of light to the of the creating with and perspective. sound of Iris function while This of the Sharpness (Advanced) Iris Press and then "Sharpness". Select "Advanced" the top-right of the to the selection. or to and or to You "High-band and "Low-band the the the top the To the to their Press to the Press and then Iris". Select "On". Press to the Quality
Quality(Memory Function) commands such as to the the then Memory). the easily, that with the Memory). The that to memory as follows. to to memory. Quality Memory) Loading and Memory Brightness Sharpness Advanced Tone Advanced RGB RGBCMY Brightness Iris Displayed input other than Loading and Memory Memory each of the to the to Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory to the to from to and or the memory this that already to memory. Select already memory and or displayed. If the previous memory and the Memory Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory
The selected when the memory the right Memory that to retained when the turned off. The memory to that the the turned The aspect from memory to the they or the input Locking/Unlocking the Memory TIP Memory This to and Press and Memory". The Memory displayed. Select the memory to displayed. If the memory The of memory once the released. To Memory" the It to memory selecting Memory" the Preset Quality(Memory Function) the Memory the the from to ISFNightX locked. Press and Memory The Memory displayed. Select the of the memory to locked, and the the least seconds, and then, within seconds, Once memory locked, displayed to the of the memory as shown below. memory called, To release the memory, the of the memory to release, and the the least seconds, and then, within seconds, TIP Quality
Functions The to of and and input The following of items the while the Top to the operations. The to the and of the Color" TIP the Press Press or Selecting item or to then of the items the the This the of the while the Navigation
or to If when item with to selected, the selection that item displayed. To to Press or to then Functions
Functions of input, the and the Also, the items the the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Displayed input other than This the Night, Brightness Sharpness Advanced Brightness High, Iris On, Displayed input other than Normal, Aspect Caption Tracking On, Motion Detection Reduction NR1, NR2, NR3 Scaling EPSON White On, HDMI Normal, Expanded On, displayed when input through the HDMI1/HDMI2 input Advanced Thin Thick RGB RGBCMY displayed input appear when from the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input input) from the from the R, G, R, G, (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), C (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness), (Hue/Saturation/Brightness) This when or input through the [HDMI1]/[HDMI2] input
Direct On On, Child On, Operation On, On, High On, Projection Rear, Rear/Ceiling NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM displayed input input input Info Source Scan Refresh Rate Info The "Info" only to the the of HDMI This information about that occurred the This to when Memory to Memory to Memory Memory to Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right On, Background On, The text displayed yellow when to the from 0H to 10H as 0H. From 10H the of 1H. Info Memory Functions
Functions selected the to match the or the Brightness when to Color". this when the of the connected and that when to Color". the bright and areas. the increased, with obtained. when to Color". This the intensity the when and NTSC input. however, when to Color.") This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. The to the Advanced This to when to Color". This the tints of the Tone when to Color". This the tones of people who appear the Advanced when to Color". This You or while or RGB This the offset and each of the R/G/B RGBCMY This the and each of the R/G/B/C/M/Y The each and type. The each and Displayed input other than
Brightness This the brightness to of the too bright such as when or of the of the and reduces the amount of and Iris when to Color." The amount of light (On)/ or This the to their Aspect Selects the aspect This only when "Aspect" to This function the to reduced the that the top and of that from when The the (reduction the the and the Caption This when "Aspect" to This function the of the or to when with Tracking This the appear the This the or interference appear the and when the brightness, and sharpness obtained the first and then the when input from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input of the clipped, the vertically and that the Press and to the This to or off to whether the to their when the input The three items and The each and type. The each and The each displayed input appear when from the [HDMI1] /[HDMI2] input input) Functions
Functions (This only when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input to the :This using when with amount of :This graphics, and input Motion Detection (This only when input from the input or input from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input whether the operation fast-moving or slow-moving The the the the The the the the Reduction This reduces of Three Select the to when the such as DVD, interference. Scaling when or input.) This the (the of the top and of the affected interference the such to the :Displayed when the from [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input input. or the input (Not displayed when the DVI connected to the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input (This when NTSC input from the input or when input from the input If products such as South that this function to the of the when this EPSON White when Night", "HD", or and or input.) If bright white of such as and T-shirts the beach appear and overexposed, to "On". to "On", the "HDMI The each and type. Displayed input other than
HDMI when "EPSON White" however, when "Color to Color.") the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input of the connected to DVD the of the to the of the DVD player. The the DVD Normal or Expand. (This when input to the or [HDMI1], [HDMI2] input input pull-down or pull-down Selecting "On" the pull-down. the the "Aspect to their Direct On the switch turned to (On) without or to "On" with the switch that of electricity that when the back the to The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If selected, the power-saving function If while the Child This the function of the the that child the and the the applied, the about seconds. to off the and the to as If the the the turned off and the cool- "Child to "On", that turning the switch when "Direct On" to "On". If this to "On", can't the buttons and appears the when pressed. To and the about seconds or If the the exiting the The each and type. Functions Displayed input other than
Functions This the function and off to whether the on/off and with to If the the the turned off and the cool- High of as to internal using of about to "On". Projection This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Rear when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the and from Press and to the the to displayed. Selects the the 1:Black This whether the following displays appear (On) or appear aspect and item when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the internal Background selecting the when the function or when input. This whether the (the that when (On) or If the the the turned off and the cool- the with the that connected to the or [S- input If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. this the type of that from the that connected to the input If selected, If appear though selected, the
This the and the to their the "High "Projection", and "Memory" Memory This using Memory". This selected when nothing Memory". Memory This to Memory This to memory. This to their and the and the of "Memory" to their Memory This that the Memory". memory initialized. Clear the operating and to "0H". this when the Functions
Reading the The with the following which of the operating of the The following what the and to the that they If switched off, that the connected correctly and that the switch the (warning) or flashing (Lit/off (Lit/off the and then the Flashing the from the Then or the the and Service cover the Clean the If the or the the If the that the and the cover securely installed. of about the "High to "On". High internal (overheating) The switch off and approximately the cooling off the switch the of the High-speed cooling You the the switch off automatically. If the the replaced, the and the from the Then or the the and Service If the of or and the Clean the they (operation) (warning) warning/problem If the when the turned back the off the switch, and the from the Then or the the and Service
the (operation) or flashing the (warning) off Flashing If Warm-up Warm-up seconds. off operations while Projection Normal Cool-down seconds. Cool-down cool-down the to You the or the cool-down. If the switch the of the turned off cool-down the to cool (normally about hour required) turning the back the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear Projection the completely the completely Moving displayed played displayed. The "Not Supported" The or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. when with the The or of the displayed. right The whole appears purplish or greenish, white, appear and LCD performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear Projection Troubleshooting
relating to appear the Press the or the the switch Turn the switch the of the turned off? of the the and then switched off? the to supplied. active? Press the to the function. input? that the the connected turned If the to "On", relating to the displayed. the If or input correct? If when the command to the that matches the the of the correctly? the and connected while their already turned connected displayed the to both externally and to the LCD when from or with built-in LCD If the connected to the input If when the the command to the that matches the that from the connected If the while the already turned the function that the to Turn the the that connected to the off and then back the to only externally. title such as or "Connecting
The "Not Supported" If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the the match the and of the when The displayed that of the securely the connected connected. correctly? Press or the or the input the to the selected? Turn the the the the connected turned If the to the LCD the to the to the when the externally, they appear the LCD title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD or of the the correctly? the cover. the attached? The recommended from the to the the the within to to of and to to of the that the within this If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected the to the input, and the of Displays" to that the "Info" of Supported Displays" If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back Troubleshooting
If the from to the or the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the the off and the to Interference or appear If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. If used, interference increase. used? amplifier. the and "Tracking correctly? when the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when or Press to the aspect that to the input the aspect selected? If with the Caption to the the the command to the the correctly? If activated the of the the the about of the the To the whole of the the off the when If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected The function that the to projected. of the obtained such the "Tracking" and commands to the
the that the that the selected? with this of Supported Displays" when right If or input the correct? If when the to the that matches the that of the securely the connected correctly? connected. the "Contrast" to the the correctly? the "Advanced" to the appropriately? "Advanced" the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the intensity and correctly? the and tint. Saturation", "Tint" when from appear the "Brightness" commands to the the brightness "Brightness" correctly? the to the the "Contrast" correctly? the nearly the the become and the become this the should with If the connected to the input If when the the to the that matches the that from the connected Troubleshooting
to On, the off active? input about and the switches to Press the the or the the to the back To the command to
when Press the or the the If the "Child to "On", the "Child to "On"? about seconds or the to the "Child to "On"? If the to "On", buttons the Press the the and then of the the to supplied. switched off? the off and when the touched? with the The the light- facing towards the light-receiving when operated? The operating the the too from the sunlight or strong light from the light- the or the correctly? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the the and Service the the light-receiving The operating the approximately and approximately vertically. the location where light the light-receiving while that they correctly. Troubleshooting
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should clean the it becomes or the of to Cleaning the If the becomes with and the "The overheating. nothing the and clean or the displayed, the Turn the and to clean the Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the To the to blower purchased the alternatively with cloth. to the Instructions/Support and Service of the cleaning. If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the It recommended that the about once three month. If the location, the should cleaned such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shocks, as easily become
If the or the though the cleaned. with optional the The the appears the when The or to The to appear of about hours of to the brightness and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready or the the TIP displayed.
the of properly with TIP the If the and to replaced, there the that the already If the of which to the should that the and it with Furthermore, should to the of the the operating The operating the with The built-in counter which of the operating the operating reaches the to displayed. Press or to the off, the and then off the switch. Press or to the off, the cools and then off the switch. the cools hour). Securely the the cover. fixing screws. Press to Press to the the the cover. the and it the cover.
the the the cover. the fixing the screws. the and the securely. The the or the cover correctly. This includes that mercury Please regulations or recycling. of with Select Hours" from the straight. Select and then the that the
Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional and as of of to without country of purchase. Optional ELPSC06 screen which easily. (Aspect Screen ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC02 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC09 VGA-HD15 PC ELPKC10 to the to Mount ELPMB20 (with when the to mm/white) ELPFP07 when the to high or with of to the from the Please the of purchase would to this Unit ELPLP39 screwdriver) as ELPAF09 as
of Supported the the slightly. Aspect SDTV HDTV Aspect TV(NTSC TV(PAL SECAM Normal Normal Aspect Units: Aspect Units:
of RGB) Aspect VGA VESA72/75/85, SVGA XGA WXGA60-1 WXGA60-2 SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" the VGA It to which the that from the [HDMI1] [HDMI2] input Aspect VGA SDTV HDTV the VGA It to which the that Normal Normal Units: Units:
Specifications EMP-TW2000 Product (W) (H) (D) including inch TFT active (W) (H) clock to Scanning vertically, UHE W, ELPLP39 (light to 240V AC to 1.2A supply 245W(100 to 120V 240W(220 to 240V 4.0W(100 to 120V 5.0W(220 to 240V to to to +35C to +60C RCA input Other please location (country/area) from www.epson.com This IT with phase-to-phase 230V. clock to PC input HDMI1 input HDMI HDMI2 input HDMI input RCA input DIN RS-232C DNX TM ICs this to to to to
Specifications of If the higher than the and RS-232C Connector input RS-232C <At <At <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND earth RD TD TD TD RD RD DTR DSR DSR ready DSR DTR DTR ready
Following of of the terms this which or which the information to other commercially-available publications. Aspect The ratio and its HDTV aspect of and appear elongated. The aspect which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and or The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear Cool-down This the which the cooled it become through It when the the or the to off the off the switch while cool-down otherwise the cool-down properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the useful of the or with the of the The about seconds to cool The the HDMI High Definition Interface, and to of high-definition and HDMI that household and that allows to their high without and includes function. HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or greater aspect of reception and (or of whereby the approximately that when with the broadcast. NTSC National Committee, and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV. SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa.
Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of The of the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV The from the and the