Printed 03.11-.8A(C05)
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English About The and Notations Used of The EPSON the following four to the the below. Unpacking and the that with the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms This information using the and includes instructions, warranty terms and troubleshooting this thoroughly the information basic operations the and connecting to or and (this information the the troubleshooting and Notations this information Indicates the or the Indicates items. Indicates and and item of and or appears the text of this they to items which or optional to the Indicates where or to the the followed correctly. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of to the the "Appendix".
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English of the and Quality Quality Selecting the Selecting the Aspect.......................................8 Advanced Temp./Flesh Tone RGB Functions of Preparation Uninstalling Connecting to USB or RS-232C using the (when using Troubleshooting Reading the the or flashing red...........................32 the or flashing the or flashing or Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the the Remote Rear...........................................................................6 Appearance and (memory function)...........................................12 (Memory Retriving (Memory the Starting the from customised memory memory and editing memory the relating to when with the with the Optional Accessories of Supported input to the [HDMI] Specifications..................................................46 Compatible RS-232C Index.................................................................51 Quality Troubleshooting
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English of the appearance selected to match the The the location selecting the from the following of "Theatre", "Theatre or selected, the automatically. This increases and tones appear or the Black-White function to that appear with light and areas. The CD-ROM with the to to the and of the from which with other people that they the the connected to the operated and and downloaded the Theatre Theatre Black USB RS-232C Network the the Network
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English with wide-angle function The function allows to the of the and without the This allows the to with from or to the the and of The and each of the (R), (G), (B), (C) (M) and (Y) to with and The and the accessory easy and high to allow to increased to that of approximately of other as follows. EPSON White function that input containing whites of 100IRE or higher without overexposure. and Motion Detection functions allow to both with amounts of and aspect function that allows to Memory that allow to and easily the function that the that Adoption of high-resolution This greatly reduces the that from of the of The within obtained the bright or or such as when creating the atmosphere of theatre.
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English and Functions below cover this cover when the Remote light-receiving from the The around the buttons and characters light when the turned If the command to "OFF", they light. Select the or selection this to the item and to the Press to the of the Lights or flashes to with the Lights or flashes to with the (Operation) Flashes or lights to the operating of the Press to the and off. Press to the of buttons Used as buttons to items and If the displayed, corrects the the vertically. the cover when using the to the from becoming or to the that the when top. Pressing while or selection displays the Aspect selection selecting the aspect. Source selection selecting the The and off each the button pressed. buttons Press to or to the and
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Remote with function the as the the to further these buttons. Remote light-emitting when Memory selection selecting memory Select/Line buttons Press to and selection items and and to the and selection selecting The switch off and each this pressed. the when this pressed. The switches off about seconds. and Functions On/Off buttons Press to the and off. selection selecting the Aspect Source HDMI Switches the input to from the [HDMI] D4 Switches the input to the [D4] The as follows and the each the pressed. D4 D4 D4 buttons: Switches the input to the or The as follows and the each pressed. RGB Switches the input to the Switches the input to the
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English and Functions Rear to of other [HDMI to or that HDMI- the to [D4] to the or or of other only) Security B] to the or or RGB of other or to the fixing the optional mount when the from to the from other [USB] the to USB when using the Remote light- from the the turned DC from this the turned off or with operation the output becomes to the ON/OFF to (RS-232C)] the to using RS-232C when the and other from the It should cleaned
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Appearance of of from of to fixing amount: upwards, from of to of amount: to the and right) 4-M48 of Units:
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Quality Selection operations If the selection Selecting the Press or the or or the to Press or to the selection. Selecting the Selecting the Aspect Selecting the Aspect from the [D4] or [HDMI projected: from the or projected: Normal If the input to the [S- [D4] or [HDMI] the aspect selected with the as follows. input input recorded input If the become Normal. Normal
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Press and the from the the selection the where the used. using the Theatre bright which the closed. using It recommended that this when If "Theatre", "Theatre or selected, the automatically. This increases and tones appear or selected, the Black-White function to with and Press and the aspect from the selection from TV broadcasts with aspect ratio Recommended aspect Normal Black appear the and right of the HDTV projected, the appear the input or and "Through" or Through" selected, the the with the input and projected. Through To that they the whole of the the or the further from the Theatre Black recorded or DVD software the as the projected, the elongated Through Quality light completely. If the connected both the and the to from TV broadcasts with aspect ratio the height as the the height as the At this the ratio the of the become the and right of the projected, the top and of the truncated. with and the truncated, the Caption" to This when there to the of the the appear to what they their both of the the of the appears and of sporting selected correction Quality
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Advanced If would to with the them, "RGB" and/or "RGBCMY" the of the The Memory: and Memory: that them and apply them to the Press or and and to Press and then RGB "RGB/RGBCMY" that Press and then "RGB". Press and then "RGB/RGBCMY" that Select "RGB/RGBCMY" "RGBCMY" Press and then "RGBCMY". Tone Temp./Flesh tone High K) K) White Purple RGB Brightness to to To appear clearly, to the If to the the whole become the become and and the and each of the (R), (G), (B), (C) (M) and (Y) "Apply" to apply the to the To further To another
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English If the with the easily from These which exchanged with other people that they the You the of If higher appear bluish, and appear The to of within the of 5000K to 10000K. tones This to the tones of The that to the tones. If would to further tones, this to the If appear and appear purplish. The the (red), and of the bright and intermediate respectively. such with greater obtained. Brightness to to If would bright to appear clearly, the to the If to the bright become whiter, the become The and each of the (R), (G), (B), (C) (M) and (Y) to with greater You these to the as theatre, or the to other completely the from to to Saturation: the of the Advanced Brightness to to If the to the smoother obtained. If the to the obtained. Quality
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English (memory function) the using Quality" and the the easily, that with the Selection operations Press or the or the to Press or to the selection. If the selection Select item to to the that (Memory Retriving (Memory The The If "R If "R Quality that memory Advanced Aspect (Memory Brightness Sharpness Tracking RGB/RGBCMY Displayed input other than input appear when from the [HDMI] input) EPSON White Motion Detection Reduction Scaling Caption Yo the
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English The each of the items shown and the aspect The memory to the whether "RGB" or "RGBCMY" selected the "RGB/RGBCMY" of the If "RGB" "Memory: If "RGBCMY" "Memory: Advance" The to and memory from to and these using the "Memory: Advance" command. If the to from these memory and from memory. With the the as as memory, of without the of memory areas. the that to memory. Select "Memory: the and then If "RGBCMY" the to "Memory: Advance". Select the memory would to and then The of memory indicated the of the to the of the memory as follows. Memory Grey Memory Selected If memory that already and the existing and the the to of each of the and memory areas. To memory "Memory from the You and the memory from the selection If both the "Memory: Advance" and the "Memory: commands, selecting the "Memory: or "Memory: Advance" displayed. the where the that to the Memory that to retained when the turned off. The memory to that the the The aspect from memory to the they or the input It to commands the type of memory that such Memory" from the selection the to their the and then to these (memory function) Quality
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Functions The to of and the and input The following of items the while the Top to the operations. The to the and off and to the and "On-Screen "Navigation Color" of If input, of the "Brightness" the Quality" of the The items displayed the and the "Info" the type of that projected. Quality White Level/Black Memory: Standard/Advance Memory Brightness Sharpness Tracking RGB/RGBCMY Theatre, Theatre Black, ON OFF This Quality" and the This the of the while the Navigation White Black input country of purchase) input RGB RGBCMY G, B, C, M, Y: Displayed input other than displayed input appear when from the [HDMI] input) Contrast: G, B: G, B: G, B: G, B, C, M, Y:
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Advanced "Info" On-Screen The text when to the from 0H to 10H as 0H. From 10H the of 1H. Source Refresh Rate Info The "Info" only to the EPSON White OFF, Motion Detection Reduction Scaling or RGB input: from the [HDMI input: country of purchase) Normal Expanded Caption Projection Rear, Rear/Ceiling OFF, COM Network Network ON OFF Top-center, Top-right, Center-right, Bottom-right Navigation Background NTSC NTSC4.43, PAL M-PAL, N-PAL, PAL60, SECAM RGB RGB D4 Functions DHCP ON OFF IP Gateway RS-232C, USB SNMP Trap IP SNMP Trap IP MAC ON, OFF ON, OFF ON, OFF ON, OFF ON, OFF country of purchase) Memory input input input ON, OFF OFF NR1, NR2 Normal Normal, ON OFF ON OFF Black ON OFF
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Functions Quality These the of the connected and the appear The You of them to White Black White Level/Black These the and light of White the of bright without the the to the bright become clearer. Black the brightness of without the white the to the become clearer. Black the brightness of the the brightness of the the to the the appear brighter the bright and areas. the increased, obtained. Brightness The brightness of the or and the appear too bright, the If the reduced to or reduced to approximately This the intensity the when or NTSC input) This the tint. Sharpness This the sharpness. Tracking This the appear the input This the or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness and correction obtained the first and then the The each and type. The each and Displayed input other than displayed input appear when from the [HDMI] input) White Contrast: input
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English selected when the to This the tints of the with the projected. Tone This the tones of people who appear the RGB/RGBCMY RGB This the and each of the R/G/B RGBCMY This the and each of the R/G/B/C/M/ The selected from with the projected. The each below. OFF ON OFF ON (basic) ON OFF Theatre ON OFF Theatre Black ON OFF (basic) ON OFF Memory: Standard/Advance This to the and and the aspect. The type of memory the RGB/RGBCMY Memory It to commands the type of memory that such to the to their the You then to these The each and type. The each and Functions Brightness country of purchase 5500K country of purchase) R/G/B: R/G/B: R/G/B: R/ G/B/C/M/Y: C Y: Black-white function
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Functions This to or off to whether the to their when the input This the to their the that the "Memory: and "Memory: Advance" commands. The "Memory: and "Memory: Advance" the "Memory Advanced EPSON White only the to "Theatre" or "Theatre If bright white of such as and T-shirts the beach appear and overexposed, to "ON". containing whites of 100IRE or higher then without overexposure. to "ON", the "DVI- when or and RGB input.) OFF Conversion of to each field the This when with amount of IP The function turned off. This The function operates. Automatically the input or as the with its The function operates. Motion Detection when and and RGB input.) This the IP whether the amounts of or they (or If selected, reduced and become and this If selected, the becomes smoother with and this Reduction when or input.) This interference and the appear If with or interferences, such as from recommended that this to "OFF". The each and type. input appear when from the [HDMI] input) ON OFF OFF
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Scaling when or input.) This the (the of or input Normal the TV displayed The the top, and of that normally and Interference the top or of the the the [HDMI connected or the input (Not displayed when the DVI connected to the [HDMI] Normal the The of the truncated when projected. Select this option there interference the top or of the only when or NTSC input or when input from the [HDMI] If using products such as the United States or South that this function to the of the connected when this when RGB or input from the [HDMI] If the [HDMI] connected to the DVI of DVD or using HDMI/DVI the the to match the that the DVD The the DVD Normal or Expand. when input from the [HDMI] and to the Caption If aspect to when with the as follows that the displayed. The and the both together. The of the reduced that the displayed. The whole of the that the displayed. to Projection reduce the Subtitle section to the of the The each and type. Functions Normal country of purchase) Normal
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Functions (If the aspect to correction This to The correction using the Projection This should with the to the Select when the front of the Select when the front of the and from Select when the the Rear/Ceiling Select when the the screen and from Operation The with power-saving function that the to off and the to switch to input to the of The of the power-saving function operates selected from four If "OFF" selected, the function If while the COM This selects the that to when the to the of from the If the the the turned off and the cool-down Network to "ON", the the the the when the If would then to to the quality, that the If the the the turned off and the cool-down Network This to when the to to and the SNMP function. It the and MAC which the the This the function and off to whether the off and with to If the the the turned off and the cool-down This the the functions and off. function appears the when pressed. OFF OFF Operation If this to "ON", can't the buttons. If the the exiting the USB OFF OFF OFF
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English ON :The around the buttons and characters light when the turned This allows to the OFF to "OFF", the lights the around the buttons and characters turned off while You as The when and when the function. recorded, the previous Follow the instructions the to user Selection the selection that the of the to recorded the The while the selection displayed, therefore the The of the recorded Once recorded, the to the To the recorded "Background Color" to On-Screen Press and to specify the Navigation This whether the the (ON) or ON (OFF). The the and the selected as follows. Grey This whether the following displayed (ON) or (OFF). Item such as and Aspect when memory such as when input, when incompatible input, and when the internal Background Selects the the (the to when Black and the when the function Select the Functions Record ON ON
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Functions This whether the (the that when (ON) or (OFF). If the the the turned off and the cool-down the with the that connected to the or If to the automatically. If there of interference the or such as though selected, the manually. the with the that connected to the or or the from If connected, the when selected. If selected and the appear the D4 This the with the from that connected to the [D4] If to the automatically. If selected and the appear the This the and English country of purchase) This to their the and This the operating this selected, the operating the cleared and to the Memory This that the "Memory: and "Memory: Advance" commands. ON
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English This to their The "Memory: "Memory: and the Press Press or Selecting item and to then and to If when item with to selected, the selection screen that item displayed. To to or and then Press Functions Currently-selected item and to then
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Preparation If other them the accessory CD-ROM CD-ROM The Macintosh: Click the OS automatically. Classic" or the OS X" the "EPSON" the operating displayed, the of this and then The software displayed. Select the software to the the the and then Follow the instructions which appear the to the installation. Click to the installation. If prompting to the displayed. If this follow the instructions the and If using If the connected of USB to the USB (EPSON COM If the automatically, and then the and "[CD-ROM and then [OK]. the software to the the
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Uninstalling If following the below. From Computer, the or and then Add/Remove] (or [Change/Remove] XP). Connecting to to the to the and the USB RS-232C or The connected to using commercially-available or You shielded twisted-pair to the to malfunction. To Network Preparation Follow the instructions that displayed the the following displayed. Select Uninstall. Click [Uninstall]. To [Network]
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Preparation using USB or RS-232C If using USB should the If RS-232C cross-type If OS or using RS-232C To (RS-232C)] To RS-232C To USB If the New or such as "Software the USB appears when and the using USB the or the Disconnect the USB and then the the "COM the "Operation" of the to the that the USB the (when using the connected to the the as follows. Press and the to "Operation" "Network". and to the item to and then this operation, to the Connecting RS-232C Connecting USB RS-232C USB (accessory) Compatible with USB1.1 To [USB]
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English the following items the that used. The the the operating used. to the the directly to DHCP DHCP to "OFF". IP IP IP that with the IP to Gateway the as the IP SNMP Trap IP IP as SNMP To the SNMP function to the to SNMP the the to this If to the IP that "SNMP Trap IP then to the IP that "SNMP Trap IP MAC This shows the MAC the This shows the the to the to that permanently connected to the DHCP DHCP to "ON". If the DHCP function or assigning IP "OFF". IP If "DHCP" to "ON", these items automatically, and to them yourself. If "DHCP" to "OFF", the specified Service Gateway SNMP Trap IP IP as SNMP To the SNMP function to the to SNMP the the to this If to the IP that "SNMP Trap IP then to the IP that "SNMP Trap IP MAC This shows the MAC the This shows the the to the If displayed, and to the to the to and and to the to the Once the displayed, The following software to allow to and the of EMP NetworkManager: You the function" to to the when with EMP This the of than the and to batch operations such as turning and off and from the software, please the following Preparation
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English You the to easily the of and to The following information to the of the The basically the Click to to Starting Click to to the Starting the to the or right to Click to increase or the and the or The to the the and release the the the operations as the accessory ON/OFF selection Aspect selection Switches the
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English If using USB or RS-232C to the to the that the the would to turned and then Click "EPSON this Click the the then HD" and then "Applications", and then V1.1" and that the the displayed. of the connected displayed, the that would to and then the to from the router), the displayed automatically. the "Specify IP" to directly the IP that the and then The displayed, If the displayed, that the correctly to the easily using the Items that Click the of the to the following The as the White Level/Black Brightness Sharpness Tracking EPSON White Motion Detection Reduction Scaling from The of the as The these then and to the these to other people that they the of You the from the memory and them. and applying from the from the to the currently Click the item to
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Click the as the Memory function. memory and memory memory and memory from the Loading from memory the memory the memory to using the memory Click Select the location, type and then If with the already displayed. from memory memory Memory customised memory memory customised memory Memory Indicates the memory Not Select memory from the memory Click Read]. Select the to the selection and then If the memory selected, displayed.
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English the Select the memory to used. The following of memory and to of each. The type of memory the with "RGB" with "RGBCMY" Select the memory to from the memory and then "Memory allows to easily the following memory as memory Loading memory from memory the memory. You the without to the memory. the the memory as memory The such as "Memory1" and "MemoryA" to that of the memory of memory the easily the memory Memory that selected and memory Select the to from the memory Click [Memory Change]. the "Memory type memory of to characters. The characters that include characters, the character and characters. the [OK]. memory Click the or "Advance" to the type of memory. selecting the memory to from the memory [Select]. The selected to the memory Select the memory to initialised from the memory Click [Memory At the [OK]. using
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Reading the The with the following three which of the operating of the The following what the and to the that they *If the light when the turned the connected correctly or the supplied. the or flashing Flashing cover the or the securely. If the If the further (overheating) The switch off and approximately of or the and the Clean the they clogged. the or flashing Flashing The the of its operating life. the with as as If to the the that the increase. The the the High-speed cooling You using the the too high the switched off automatically. Follow the as (overheating)" The the the the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms the and then the (Operation) If the the replaced, the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World Warranty Terms If the when the turned back the and the from the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" section of the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms Warning
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English the or flashing or Flashing If Projection Normal operation *If the to "OFF", they light. Warm-up Warm-up approximately seconds. off operations while the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to appear the completely the completely The "Not Supported." displayed The displayed or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. or Projection of the displayed. when with the The with Normal Cool-down Cool-down seconds. cool-down the to You the or the cool-down. right The whole appears or greenish, white, appear and LCD performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear Troubleshooting
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English relating to appear the Press the or the the the active? Press the to the function. input? the the connected turned If the to "ON", relating to the displayed. "On-Screen the the command to the correct? which matches the connected the of the correctly? the and the connected while their turned when the to only the accessory Only when The "Not Supported." displayed the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the match the and of the when Disconnect the and then the to supplied. If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn off the the and the and then back The to externally. the to or to as as the title such as or "Connecting If connected to the or that the of the the the to the input, and the of Supported Displays" to that the "Info" of Displays"
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English The displayed the connected that of the securely correctly? connected. the input Press or the selected? or the to the the the connected Turn the the turned the If the only to the LCD to the or to the accessory to the when the externally, they appear the LCD or accessory title such as or "Connecting when from or with built-in LCD or of the the correctly? the cover attached? the cover. the the The recommended from the to the within of and of the that the within this the Decrease the to reduce the amount of too correction. If the from to the or the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the and the while. If the while the already turned the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back Troubleshooting
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Interference or appear the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the connected that of the securely correctly? connected. If used, interference increase. connecting used? amplifier. the and "Tracking correctly? when the the that the with this selected? of Supported Displays" when or the aspect Press to the aspect that to the input selected? If with the Caption" command to the the the command to the correctly? the If activated the of the the only about of the the To the whole of the the off the when the the that the that with selected? this of Supported Displays" Computer when If to the or that the of the the The function that the to projected. of the obtained such the "Tracking" and commands to the Quality" "Tracking",
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English right the If or input correct? If when the to the that matches the the connected that of the securely correctly? connected. the the "Contrast" or "White to the correctly? Quality" the the to the correctly? the and the Intensity" and "Tint" commands to the correctly? and tint. Quality" Intensity", "Tint" when from appear the brightness the and "Brightness" commands to correctly? the Quality" "Brightness" the the "Contrast" or "White to the correctly? Quality" the the nearly the become and the become this the should with Projection active? If the while input, while the turn off and the switch to Press the the or the the to the back To the to "OFF". "Operation" If the connected to the or [D4] the command to the that matches the that from the connected You or the to the Troubleshooting
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English when the Press the or the If the command to "ON", to "ON"? buttons the Press the "Operation" the the and then the to supplied. the off and when the touched? with the The the light- facing the light- when operated? the too The operating the from the sunlight or light from the light-receiving the or the correctly? Turn the off, the and then If this the there with the Then or the the "International Warranty Conditions" of the Instructions/World- Warranty Terms the the light-receiving The operating the approximately and approximately vertically. the location where light the light-receiving batteries, while that they correctly.
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English with the and the correctly connected to the the correctly to the "Network to To the from while the "ON"? the first "Network to "ON". "Setting"-"Operation" "Network to the the supply to the location interrupted, or the the tripped. the correctly. the the command. "Setting"-"Operation" "Network" Troubleshooting
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to to the Instructions/World-Wide Warranty Terms of the cleaning. Cleaning the If the airfilter becomes with or the "The overheating. nothing the and or the displayed, clean the Turn the and to the If the becomes with overheating which operating or reduce the operating of the It that clean the about once every three months. If the location, the should cleaned Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. such as or thinner to clean the It the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English If the becomes or too to clean with optional Optional Accessories" The the appears the when The or to The flashing The warning to appear of about hours of to the and of the The the to appear such as If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The of each the characteristics of the and the used. The become or off the appears. You should ready displayed. Flashes
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English the of properly with ABS the If the and to replaced, there the that the already If the of which the should that the and with Furthermore, should to the of the the The operating the with The built-in operating counter. when the counter reaches amount. Turn off the the cool-down to seconds), then the Turn off the the cool-down to seconds), then the the cools Securely the the fixing screws. that the Press to Press to the the the cover. the latch. the screws fixing the cover.
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English the the cover. of the and the cover. slightly from straight. to the cover, then the cover fixing screws. Select Select and then the the that the the the screws fixing the the and the cover securely. The the or the cover correctly. The mercury. Used should of to the as lights).
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Optional The following optional purchase required. This of optional as of November of to without ELPLP28 as ELPAF04 as ELPSC06 which easily. (Aspect ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC10 roll-type (Aspect mount ELPMB17 (with when the to in.)/white) ELPFP07 when the high or with *A of to the from Please would to this
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English of Supported the Scaling"settings, the below slightly. /RGB SDTV (D2) HDTV 16:9(D4) 16:9(D3) TV(NTSC TV(PAL SECAM input to the [HDMI] SDTV VGA VESA72/75/85 SVGA XGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC to input from the [HDMI] It to which the functions that Normal Through through Normal Through through Normal Through through Aspect Units: Aspect Aspect Units: Aspect Aspect Units:
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Specifications EMP-TW500 Product (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) including foot) inches TFT active (W) (H) clock Scanning clock of upwards of UHE W, ELPLP28 (light VAC supply +35C +60C D4 only) D4 RCA RCA HDMI HDMI RCA DIN Network RJ-45 (RS-232C) USB USB (type B) The USB to correctly with DNX TM ICs this
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Compatible using OS 98SE, NT4.0(SP6a), Professional, XP Edition, XP Professional Edition or CPU MMX or higher II or higher recommended) Memory capacity MB or MB or free MB or MB or or or XGA RS-232C Connector input (RS-232C) <At <At USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, <At (PC <At Function GND GND GND earth TD RD TD TD RD RD DSR ready DTR DSR DSR DTR DTR ready OS MAC OS Not with the of OS or higher. PC G3 or higher or higher recommended) EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class Specifications
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English Specifications responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA EPSON of Product EMP-TW500
TW500-E.book October PM TW500_English The following of of the this which or which the Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC PAL and SECAM which of within the and or Cool-down This the which the cooled become through It when the the or the to the off. the while cool-down otherwise the cool- properly. If the cool-down allowed to normally, the and internal high and this the of the or with the of the The cool-down about seconds. The the DHCP which assigning IP that connected to Gateway (router) that that HDMI High Definition Interface, and to of high- and HDMI that household and that allows to transmitted their high without and includes function. HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or aspect of reception and playback (or of whereby the that when with the broadcast. IP of that that connected to MAC MAC ID that assigned to each assigned this and these as the each NTSC National Committee, and ground-based broadcasts. This North America and and South America. PAL Phase and ground-based broadcasts. This countries and countries such as and Africa. Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light The of refresh operations the "refresh and which the and to It to which of and C SDTV Definition It to which the HDTV SECAM and ground-based broadcasts. This Eastern and the Union, the East and Africa. Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security
October PM TW500_English SNMP Network TCP/IP this routers and other that to the such as and terminals that these and the international that that which easily operating (OS) and the of that the of to that to IP SVGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. SXGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. (Synchronization) The from If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of quality. The of the of these (the of the If correctly, appear the Trap IP IP the when SNMP reports that occurred. VGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. XGA type of with of which IBM PC/ computers. The which the TV The from the and the The which the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the