EX3210/EX3212/EX5210/EX7210
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The EX3210, EX3212, EX5210, and EX7210 include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of (white light and light EX3210/EX3212: Native of (SVGA) EX5210: Native of (XGA) EX7210: Native of (WXGA) connectivity USB and PC shows connected USB memory HDMI or (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) Easy-to-use and features of ownership with correction ratio (EX5210/EX7210) closed captioning and Direct On features and The EX5210/EX7210 shown this noted otherwise. Product
Additional Remote AA USB VGA Carrying CD topic: to the to the following To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized EPSON To HDMI HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210). or purchase information. To that includes only DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI To with from with or purchase information. To that includes only DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple topic:
Optional and You purchase other optional and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or EPSON (ELPLP67) V13H010L67 ELPAF32) V13H134A32 EPSON DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 EPSON DC-11 V12H377020 BrightLink interactive (IU-01) V12H415020 BrightLink interactive with RM Easiteach (IU-01) V12H415020RM AP-60 Sound V12H329020 ELPSP10 ELPSC80 ES1000 Projection V12H002S4Y ES3000 Projection V12H002S3Y mount ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 plate ELPMBP03 to ELPMBC01 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA ELPKC02 VGA ELPKC09 VGA ELPKC10 security ELPSL01
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Option or Service Service EPPEXPA1 topic: with basic warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as followed to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support and to technical hours
Locations If this and the the EPSON service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear topic: Introduction to
cover lights (EX3210/EX3212) (EX5210/EX7210)
Rear (EX5210/EX7210) A/V foot Foot release A/V topic: Locations Remote USB USB HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210)
cover screw security AC input topic: Locations Mounting
foot Rear Security topic: Locations EX3210/EX3212 Source Search (searches connected (selects options) buttons buttons and arrow and arrow buttons
information) EX5210/EX7210 Source Search (searches connected (selects buttons, buttons and arrow buttons buttons and arrow information) topic: Locations Related Light
Remote
through connected through connected buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons buttons and of the A/V off and sound) information) action) (activates on-screen functions and wireless (selects LAN functional) USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the Cover You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or using mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or to the following
Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Projection Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or EX3210/EX3212 Aspect Ratio or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to EX5210 Aspect Ratio
or to to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to EX7210 Aspect Ratio or to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to inches to to topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210). such as DVD players, and with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows without USB (such as or or optional EPSON If the High to the properly.
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to using USB the the USB to USB Turn the to USB
Connecting to VGA the other to USB of the following: Select the that appears to the EPSON USB software. XP as appear and the the EPSON USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and to the EPSON USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the EPSON USB software. Follow instructions. You to this software the first the to the The displays the from computer's and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related USB You the to VGA To that includes only DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to
Connecting to HDMI and the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound If HDMI to the using optional HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210). To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Computer Sources
Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound If connected to USB or HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) the the to as wireless This from To this, the to USB connected already. the USB to USB USB the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related Remote If includes sound and the USB or HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) sound through the optional (with and RCA the to headphone or or or
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210). The HDMI the quality. the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source topic: Connecting to Sources If to the to-VGA to with the to or If using these to the VGA to the If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional or A/V the with the to
Connecting to Source the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If it to the using optional the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to USB Devices USB Projection You sound through the the to the RCA the to the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or connecting of these to USB or USB USB memory
Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source or USB-mounted You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics You USB or to the USB and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting You switch the to the connected to USB the connected USB turned necessary.
Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You the EPSON DC-06 to USB to the features software, the EPSON DC-06 to instead of the You to EPSON to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB the other of the to the USB topic: Related references Optional and
the Remote The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the To the cover, the A/V To cover the or temporarily off the and sound, the A/V cover closed. topic: the
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the Turn the or to the the the cover.
the to the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the Turn the or
Turning the DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light With technology, there cool-down the right necessary).
To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing the cover.
Selecting the the the Height topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their If the to the topic: Related Related
Correcting with the You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the correction corrects when the Correcting with the Correcting with the Correcting with Corner topic: You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the Press of these buttons the to the
Press the to the The buttons and the EX3210/EX3212. correction, slightly If the of reach, the the the topic: Related
Correcting with the Correcting with Corner You the to the of that such as when the to the of the Turn the and You to the the the the correction, slightly topic: Related You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the the Press the
Select the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then You the Corner the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary.
the finished, topic: You the the or the and buttons, the You to the the If the includes to or reduce the If the includes and buttons, the the to the Press the to reduce the EX5210/EX7210 EX3210/EX3212 topic:
Focusing the the Remote Turn the and You to the the To the the EX5210/EX7210 EX3210/EX3212 topic: The the from anywhere the You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the and
the Remote as the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the batteries. the Remote as the Remote as topic: Related the Remote You the as wireless from
the Remote as the to using the USB or HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote Related You the as to information The arrow, using the
Selecting Source Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Operation Related references If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary). of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the
Press the the the If there than that the to through the and HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) USB and topic:
the Projection the the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and You the using the or the the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V button the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection
the Projection the Aspect Ratio You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the and and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related Quality You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input EX3210/EX3212/EX5210 Aspect ratio (EX5210) the aspect ratio to the input
Aspect ratio Normal the and the aspect ratio of the using the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to EX7210 Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris
the topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre
Turning On Iris Sports bright displays Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and
the with the Projecting Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the the to the as with You the the (EX5210/EX7210). The buttons the internal You the each connected input Turn the and that includes Press the buttons as necessary to or the appears the To the to input the the topic: Related You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily and using the Supported Slideshow topic: Related USB
Supported Slideshow Starting Related Connecting USB or to the You these of using the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the the the the topic: connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow operation options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. CMYK Highly
the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic:
Slideshow Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the
with with of topic:
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You using the A/V the topic: Related
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary.
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the the the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security,
the the the Protect This about seconds. Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the Protect of the and it
Selecting Security to the topic: Security the Protect the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the
You the to the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to try the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to EPSON EPSON Support, the and of ownership the topic: Security
to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor
the Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever turn the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security You the the to from the You the or the the
Unlocking the Security Press the Select the and the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You of security the to theft.
the security the back of the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security Related Rear
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of High the tone; High tints the and tints the and
each the of the Iris On the based the when selected The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the
To input the connected and that On (when On) the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the EX3210: whether to interlaced-to-progressive On Reduction (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) Expanded connected to the HDMI input On EX3212/EX5210/EX7210: fast-moving graphics, and NR2
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features. height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
H/V to and Corner vertically) Varying the of the (EX3210/EX3212) locking to the Three the of the buttons H/V manually and Corner to and using the buttons
Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Varying the of the Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch On to focusing and the and correcting to topic: the Related Correcting with Corner Front/Rear Caption Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
the features that its operation. Selects options Background whether displayed the A/V Background selects the or to when received whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 Creates that the to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Direct On Selects operation options Communication On Selects whether the following when the Communication or (off) CC2 Rear Rear Direct On the when off the High of inactivity the off the the cover closed High the operating and the from
Information Info USB USB Selects the of the USB 21L Selects the and displays option) topic: the You information about the and input the Info the USB when to the USB to 21L allows to the USB using the 21L
The hours the least hours. the input Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service technician the topic: the Related Optional and Specifications You of the to their the option the You the to when the the option.
You the following using the option: topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the periodically, and the and to the from overheating to The only should the and If other replacing, or authorized EPSON servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. to the or or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: The the clean. If collects the or clean them as this clogs the to overheat to to clean the and to nothing the Cleaning the and the topic: Clean the or they or to clean them. Turn off the and the cord.
the Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to clean or the If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the Turn off the and the cord.
the cover. the of the ABS resin and of to regulations.
the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Specifications
the Information Info the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to
the and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, it facing the right Press the it the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the
the the to to track of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select Hours and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic:
the Remote Related the The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, it its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Light the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Operation Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light the light
light light and Flashing Flashing too overheated and turned off. turned off to Flashing Light Flashing the to using the Flashing or Turn the off, and light that the and with or the too If overheating clean or the that the and with or If operating the high High If overheating or the If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound light light and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the turn the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. light
Appears Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect There Sound or topic: If appears, the following the cover or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from using turn off DirectX topic: or Sound
Incorrect the USB Function Appears Related Quality Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications With reduce the from With off DirectX If the the of the smooth the EPSON USB Turn off the the EPSON USB topic: or Sound Related If the appears, try the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the checkbox. topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary,
Appears the Not topic: or Sound Related references Supported If only appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the the to the Turn the the of the the Corner to the topic: or Sound
the or Static Related Related Correcting Shape with the Correcting with the Correcting with Corner If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not to the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the try the Sharpness to If connected try without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related references Related From PC From
the or the Brightness or Colors Incorrect If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to quality. If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and topic: or Sound Related Quality Projection Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the
There Sound or the securely connected to the and If connected shorter If using the ECO selecting Normal the If the to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210), the connected to PCM connected If using the USB function, the from the the EPSON USB If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to topic: or Sound
or Remote to or Shut-Off to with the Remote the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The defective. the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote the topic: or Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following Check that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries.
to Where to operating the within the reception and of the to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Related references Optional and Remote If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and the and of ownership the If the from topic: or Remote If to technical services, the following options.
www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the EPSON service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of Poly-silicon TFT active EX3210/EX3212 EX3210/EX3212 (SVGA) EX5210 (XGA) EX7210 (WXGA) F=1.44 length: EX5210/EX7210 F=1.58 to length: to
Brightness Normal ratio with Normal EX3210/EX3212 Projection EX3210/EX3212 rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio EX3210/EX3212/EX5210 (width-to-height) EX3210/EX3212 White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO to inches to EX5210 to inches to EX7210 to inches to to inches to EX5210 to inches to EX7210 to inches to EX7210 EX5210/EX7210
Specifications ratio EX3210/EX3212 (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction USB USB and USB or USB One USB and USB input or EPSON topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications EX5210/EX7210 (ECO to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to V) Normal to ECO (Communication On) ECO (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications Supported topic: Technical Specifications to to (relative, to condensing) to to feet topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) to to to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ (EX5210/EX7210)/85 SXGA (EX5210/EX7210) SXGA+ (EX5210/EX7210) UXGA (EX5210/EX7210) WSXGA+* (EX7210) WUXGA (Reduced MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) (EX5210/EX7210) (EX5210/EX7210) (EX5210/EX7210)/85 (EX5210/EX7210) (EX5210/EX7210)/85 (EX5210/EX7210)
USB Refresh SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input (EX3212/EX5210/EX7210) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software.
(Service only) OS or or XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Software Copyright Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Restriction of topic: Notices
Restriction of Instructions this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the or of heat. the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when disconnecting the to the when disconnecting to comply with these fire or shock. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock.
the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which the If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided. of through the of the If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. the where to or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle.
If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other than the cover. This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) topic: Notices
FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to try to the interference or of the following or the receiving Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation.
Software Copyright and BrightLink TM TM and TM and EPSON SM and SM service of America, Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches
wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., Street MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and
its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The and and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the Each as Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the terms of this
If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the user to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the However, as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and
of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice.
This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when it interactive Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of
This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the
Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the of free restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free
with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free to the library. that the as non-free this there to the free to software only, the other to non-free of people to of software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with
and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the it associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; intact the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of change. You the whole of the to to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based
the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or collective based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option useful when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely
If such only and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the of the the customer's own and such modifications. You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the user the specified Subsection than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the
to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the terms of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further restrictions the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library.
If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION.
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of
Coon, of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California rights This from software to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these
If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to only as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence arithmetic without or this reason, from the free JPEG software. (Since only the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated."
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the
through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this
plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following
The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the following of used) as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the
Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise
the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of modifications, or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE
of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Accepting Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied.
the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from its own copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California Copyright The of the University of California rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the user the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this
Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Moshier Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier
to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and
IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright Chuguev. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
Copyright Notice "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information contained with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution each to and of the copyright when EPSON While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-34717R1 topic: Copyright Notice