EX100 the to the the instructions the CD. the VGA the to the Computer/Component the the other to or the to the then the other Turn Turn the A/V cover). NOTE: The completely. Follow these instructions to the to other such as the included the light and flashing. Press the to the CAUTION: the the properly: Press the the light flashing and the the the If turned and the Source Search the or to the NOTE: If or other the troubleshooting the back of this To the the foot release the front foot and the front. Release the to the foot Turn the to the Turn the to reduce or the If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or the to 1-F C 1-F light Turn 1-F 1-F
the If this first the its as shown AAA batteries). Turn off and sound Choose which to the You the to the With the USB the as wireless information the Where to information about the the from CD. Telephone Services To the the PIN the included with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S. AM to PM through AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to and customer-only offers. You the or CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg. Turn and off of the service, and Troubleshooting If If or the turning the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to the as the If using that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the If the and the If displays the or both, follow the below. that the and/or aspect ratio both the LCD and the the CRT/LCD or as On this the LCD and the or both the If that to both the LCD and the From the the right-click the and then the the then Advanced The the to then the as and/or or OS From the Apple or Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or then the selected. and of Corporation. of Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX 1-B C 1-B EX100 the function Preferences then 1-B CPD-25704 1-B