Unpacking the to the following and of the items. the of purchase items (this cover Notations this Indicates which or malfunction. Indicates information and which to know topic. Indicates where information topic found. Indicates operating and the of operations. The indicated should the of the Indicates items and which displayed "Brightness" Unit Indicates or buttons. the type of the and operations which These inform of the type of used. Remote AA type
Instructions information the following information about information Warning To reduce the of fire or shock, this to or Warning the when the switched as the bright light the when Warning covers the the cover. the injury. as specifically directed the supplied, to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around Class LASER Product the top cover. There serviceable the the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the To reduce the of shock, cover (or back). user-serviceable servicing to service This to the to the of within the that of to of shock to instructions Follow these instructions when and the these instructions. these instructions. Follow instructions. this Clean with cloth. with the instructions. heat such as heat or other (including amplifiers) that heat. the of the or grounding-type with than the other. type and third The or the third grounding If the of the Protect the from or pinched and the where they from the attachments/accessories specified the with the or specified the or with the used, when the to from this or when of This to the to the of operating and (servicing) instructions the accompanying the
servicing to service Servicing when the such as the or or the the to or normally, or this to or containing this the of such as candle, this this to earthed there least the and walls, and there least the and walls, and when the cover It that the cover from the heat and burns or To the On/Off] this or the with its such as the of with the closed, sunlight, the intake/exhaust of or heater, or where the This the internal of this and heat or fire. the the the or then the too high from the sound that to the or hearing. the switch off this then switch it back headphones, the too You hearing when of this the the If the of shock. the or the type of indicated the If of the or electricity the where the easily the specifications of the fire or shock. The with the to comply with the country of purchase. the following when the to comply with these fire or shock. the with the the the with or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If it normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing
The internal of such as the and The and easily If the the with to from and or the repairs. should when the to as of when the cover to allow such of to the or mouth. or the the while from the that might the this to the immediately Doing serious burns. removing the off the supply and the specified to allow the to cool completely. with high internal as the light Mercury when they the with while the following. If the following or the or to the the Once the the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The mercury mercury If the immediately the to the that released when the from or with the or mouth. to the while to the that released when the from or with the or mouth. If the and to with the of purchase or the to the If the of around the should when the to as of when the If cleaning the or the yourself, to allow such of to the or mouth. If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other effects noticed, immediately and the If there the otherwise shock. Clean the of the If the of the cleaned and fire or shocks. or the to the least once charge this service. If that these of the reach of and If the immediately. the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the using the of the or heavy
and of the following to malfunction and Notes and and this within the operating and as specified this the to or shock. the to or that This when the playback of and with this and this to malfunction.In the that such the further from and this this playback. This the or malfunction. using or this or other or containing amount of This of the the with If or the of the the clearly.Make the cover securely when EPSON from or the of that which covered warranty terms. If this from or, the which this heated internally or the only incorrect such as of the the and/ or to this the hour to used.If chance the switch then to hours the this This mercury with high internal as its light source.Mercury the following characteristics. brightness once the rated passed. the reaches the of its where light, or with to or the of its the of each and the of there the the to reach the of its life. To The the to increases once the exceeded. the appears, promptly the with LCD Although the high or that red, or to with brightness or These characteristics of and of malfunction.Be of this fact. this of It that of the burn). You to switching off the and leaving the while.If the burn
this the securely the and the the holding as shown the following to the covering the with Transportation and within this to the and protective the of purchase. If the the of this with shock to from and clearly the of off the and If service inform them that this and should accordingly. warranty cover that to this Copyright This with protection.The property rights to the of this protection the of America, and others. employing this from the company.The authorise the of this of including use.Further, and prohibited. Reproduction of the of broadcast, performance, or of or thereof) without the of the copyright owner, strictly prohibited.
About The following played. DVD CD CD/SVCD CD) PBC (Playback CD recorded the following reproduced. (finalized) CD SVCD MP3/WMA, JPEG recorded with ISO9660 recorded the DVD (finalized) reproduced. You DVD the to the the of this The performance and tonal of CD that to the (CD) with this CDs that to the CD bear the following what the of the This conforms to the NTSC, PAL, and SECAM the of DVD SVCD, and CD, playback functions the of the software producers.As this back the of to the of the software producers, to the attached user information of the played. CD-R/CD-RW DVD-R/DVD-RW DVD-R, DVD-RW, CD-R, or CD-RW recorded, or dirty, smeared, scratched, or warped, or playback the of the following reproduced. MIX-MODE CD CD-G CD-EXTRA CD TEXT The following played.It to the with the these played back DVD-R/DVD-RW recorded the VR DVD-ROM CD-ROM PHOTO CD DVD+R DVD+RW DVD-RAM DVD DL DVD SACD Round with other than or Specially (heart, shaped, and touching the playback with their when with high or sunlight. If the playback of the with or fingerprints, the and the dirty, the with cloth, from the of the then outwards. cleaning products such as or products records. or to
input input Remote light-receiving to the interface cover input Rear Headphone Press to cover switch Remote light- cover the and the immediately or while becomes
Top buttons Source Play/Pause buttons Stop Break cover On On/Off
Remote light-emitting playback when DVD Function/numerics switch when when or the
the Remote the Remote At the of purchase, the the the with this If the of the or that the becoming the (SUM-3) ready to when allowing sunlight or light to the light-receiving of this unit.The from the to received. the catch the of the then it upwards. the their polarity. the cover.
necessary.You to the type or the input. You the following these four easy There JVC sound built-in sounding front of the the then the switch. the and
Projection and the to the the The further this from the the the becomes. You the of the vertically and using the Connecting the and turning the switch ON attached to the the cover. At the of purchase, the the this that to the If this to the the the of Turn the switch. Accessory and the lights
Playback and Press to the sounds and the The using the the the with the facing upwards. the the hollow the of the Press to the the operation as follows. The lights automatically, and seconds from when the lights the brightly playback.The light. The the high of the High to ON. Press to The playback playback Chapter Track Track Track
the and the and the of the the To increase the W. the You the of the and right, the shift.The of shown the the right. (when the centered) From the the The obtained when both the and of the centered. To the T. the the the right The shifted the and the amount to the or right the the of the to of the height of the shifting the amount or the the of the to of the width of the the the centered.
playback Press playback from the Things to when using and off the playback when the following The from the pressing to off the and to the back If the switch turned off. or playback. The from where slightly to where playback The and with the It that the when the displayed. when Turning off the the from the Press If the the off and the the flashes the The to that cool-down completed.Turn off the switch. If to off the electricity to consumed. the cover. the cover when the to the from and The flashes to that the cooling function place.The the and the when cool-down seconds). off the or the cool- as this reduce the of the
Operations Playback From operations the buttons of the control.Where there with the the that to the to the [Function] operations Temporarily Press playback. the To playback, Selects each the following when playback from the of the You the search/forward search Press or playback. There of reverse/forward search that each the buttons pressed. Press to to playback. the or If or the search from to sound forward/reverse search, sound intermittently. slideshow.
to the [Function] operations playback from seconds Press playback. the type of this operation You to the title. Press or playback. If once chapter/track playback, to the of the chapter or played.After this, playback to the of the previous chapter/track each of the previous chapter/track each You operations playback. Press playback. advanced each function. Press to to playback. this, to the You operations playback with the PBC function off. You the to playback. the operations This
motion Press the where to motion playback. The Press There of playback which each pressed. motion There of which each pressed. Press to to playback. Sound motion playback. Temporarily the light as The function the of to or around carrying or food, and the the played to the lights the Press The whilst the flashes the right of the The about the without operations made.Additionally, when about the switches off. Press to to the pressed.If the switched off, to switch the back Operations when the displayed. of the following buttons, and the function of the Selecting to the of the You to to the brightness and other of Press The currently selected displayed the While the displayed, repeatedly the appears. seconds, the and the theater or theater selected, the EPSON operates and character's the whole Temporarily the Press playback. Sound from the headphones, and the Press to to playback.The when the switched bright with the closed. with the closed and the lights completely
Advanced Operations Becoming playback the brightness of the to the [Function] operations Press this function when "DIMMER AUTO" It to "DIMMER OFF". stand-by the pressed. Once the brightness the switch turned off. Whenever the as follows. The of the and the brightness of the the accordingly. The brightness increases. The and when or
from DVD the following of them. Top and recorded, this integrated information displayed. playback (chapter, and displayed. Press or or when Press and the item to Press If recorded, these operations You the title or chapter directly the buttons. the buttons With the function/numerics switch the the following buttons. Once finished numbers, the function/numerics switch back to the [Function] the playback automatically, pressed. Advanced Operations
PBC (playback playback If CD with "PBC specified the or the displayed. You the or information to interactively from this CD that PBC, the following of displayed. Select the item to the buttons. The selected played. To to the previous/next of the Press when the displayed. To the playback Each pressed, the back Press repeatedly the displayed. To without the (playback without PBC) of the following specify the that to the buttons. the then Calling the when back without PBC Press or to playback,
MP3/WMA, JPEG playback to the [Function] operations back that both MP3/WMA and JPEG the following of group/track displayed. Press and the group. the to the Press and the track. Press or to playback. back which of (MP3/ WMA and JPEG the type to played from the "FILE TYPE" PICTURE MP3/WMA Once selection and the This and the off the played. Press to the back Once the turned off and when the flashing the back the the to the You the selection from the selected (slideshow the selected played. slideshow playback, each approximately seconds then the displayed. Once playback of completed, the slideshow automatically. Track selection the track with the this unnecessary. MP3/WMA, JPEG playback Advanced Operations
to the [Function] operations to playback Press playback or when stopped. Press *MP3/WMA MP3/WMA recorded the and Each the as shown the following Track Track Track Track Track OFF displayed Repeats the chosen when selected Repeats or OFF Notes playback the recording and the characteristics of the that the or that reading the The to the of or recorded the The of the group/track and the PC MP3 that playback to the the It to containing MP3 The playback commenced. there when displayed, once commenced. It that that processed, edited, or software might
Playback selecting the chapter or Specifications of that played To playback CD-R or CD-RW containing MP3/WMA or JPEG with this the of the to the following MP3/WMA ISO9660 or that recorded the write (UDF) read. MP3: English characters only. bear the or Distinction and lowercase characters count: to Track count: to Other: It to playback recorded This with Rate (MBR that the JPEG ISO9660 or that recorded the write (UDF) read. English characters only. bear the or Distinction and lowercase characters of containing to read. to with exceeding recommended that count: to Track count: to Other: It to playback recorded JPEG supported. JPEG read. JPEG and motion JPEG supported. JPEG created and conforming to the DCF supported. functions such as used, that the comply to the DCF If this the playback, the chapter or to the buttons. Can when or when back with PBC off. WMA: the buttons" Can when the operations Advanced Operations
search) to the [Function] operations You playback from specified the the as follows. the of the playback: from the of the played Press playback or when stopped. Press the reaches Press the the buttons. Press from the of the title from from The following projected. This function playback. when back using the PBC function. The specified hours/minutes/seconds. You the minutes/seconds The specified seconds. the To playback from hours, and seconds the Function/Numerics switch to the Press the buttons the of If and the incorrect then the Once finished the the switch back to the [Function]
of (A-B playback) to the [Function] operations Press once and the If the the playback with this function It that searching. The when back the to from the plackback. Press playback. Press the reaches Press Press then reach the or to the of the reach the or to the of the of (A-B playback) Although this when to the to the aspect ratio to Press to to the aspect back or this function The following projected. Where this function playback. when back the PBC function. You other from here.Other The to The to and the of the to Advanced Operations
playback to the [Function] operations Press once and the To to To to back, of the following operations. the then Press Turn off the switch the You specify which includes titles or tracks. "A-B the following PBC the type of playback within of titles, chapters, or tracks, as the following Press playback. The displayed when back Although this when to the to the aspect ratio to Press to to the aspect The whenever and the and the and the Where this function playback. when back the PBC function. Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter Chapter OFF displayed
Screen Track Track Track Track Track OFF Canceling Press repeatedly displayed the Turn off the switch the You the function with and Repeats the chapter/track when selected Repeats or OFF displayed To the and the to to Advanced Operations
the of choice to the [Function] operations You titles, and to playback the of preference. Press when the to the following Press of titles, or selected. If to than "FULL" displayed. the the as follows. Press repeatedly "PRGM" displayed. Normal playback Normal the buttons" to the Once the playback playback ceases and displayed. Canceling items the individually each pressed. Canceling items the Press when the to this switched off. repeatedly the of the to its this the the memory. and selecting "PRGM". If the of the playback hours, and seconds, the of the however, to the as If instead of the chapter or "ALL" displayed and of the chapters and contained that If used. the type of to
to the [Function] operations You choose to or chapters/tracks with this The when using Press when Press stopped, repeatedly the of the to its the following operations The to this switched off. Whenever the the following "RANDOM" displayed. Random Normal playback Normal Once title or finished, another title or played randomly. repeatedly to the played It to the of the chapter/track. If used. Advanced Operations
the recorded with or switch to the or of preference. Press playback. While the displayed, repeatedly and the seconds, or You the to the The displayed. Press to the If AA) displayed The of the characters displayed playback as follows. ST: L: R: Right
the the You choose whether or to that recorded with recorded with switch to the of preference. Press playback. While the displayed, repeatedly and Press and the seconds, or that recorded with switch from the to of preference, such as from or from the right, playback. Press playback. While the displayed, repeatedly and the seconds, or The displayed. If repeatedly, the type and on/off. The displayed. Press to the Advanced Operations
operations from the to the [Function] operations Press playback. Press the reaches the item to Press function The following and projected. Press once and the The when back Although this when to the to the aspect ratio to Press to to the aspect Select the based only. playback, the chapter to using the buttons. With the switch the the the following If the once Press Select the language/type. Select to the Select the
Auto-standby, to the [Function] operations stand-by: playback finished or or operation around the switches off automatically. Once the the switches off automatically. You while You stand-by and the Press stand-by "A.STBY" flashes seconds the switches off. the Press repeatedly and the Checking the Once the once, the displayed the Canceling the of the following operations. Press Press repeatedly "SLEEP OFF" the If the switched off, the canceled. switched off input and operations This function of the stand-by when stand-by with that to the once playback completed. Each the as follows. Press repeatedly the item displayed. stand-by activated. the switches off. the switches off. If something other than "A.STBY ON", stand-by Advanced Operations
to the [Function] operations To or when there the You the that with The allows to the when With the turned and the then the the following Press "PROGRESSIVE" displayed. "LOCKED" the the and the locked. To the lock, follow the "UNLOCKED" displayed the the and the becomes displayed field. This than Traditional of the of and the of displayed
Becoming Projection Connecting to other from the built-in DVD this to the following of with recorcer and the conforms to both the and the higher connecting with The to as To To To input (yellow) If the the that with or optional Turn off connected try to when the to force to with This the or the the interface cover when to White To input Connecting to other Advanced Operations
from Functions when The functions when as follows. Sound DVD Break On/Off high pitched tones Information Quality Select To To the cover Turn the switch the then Press Switch the to the connected then playback. White To input "VIDEO" displayed the and this switches to If the off, the projected. To to the built-in DVD Press "DVD/CD" the and this switches back to DVD To input with the facing
Becoming with headphones with headphones, the too high. You hearing when to sounds high of Dont the too high from the sound that to headphones or hearing. the switch off this then switch back Connecting headphones. Once headphones to the headphone sound from the connected to subwoofer, sound from the Headphones To Advanced Operations
Connecting to with input You to AV amplifiers and of recordings (MD recorders, and so-on) when they with input connecting, MD To AV input The from the with the "DIGITAL AUDIO OUTPUT" the information The "D. RANGE COMPRESSION" when to with built-in Connecting You bass, to the optional subwoofer. and instructions, to the with (optional) the the the and firmly. Apply the when to from the To RCA To with the subwoofer)
Selecting Sound to the [Function] operations high pitched tones lowers You from the of this activating the JVC sound function. Press About JVC sound waves to the waves which when relaxing. JVC sound the alpha to the the and right sound (the indirect sounds L-R). This LFO The to the to easily within this to sounding that to the of high pitched tones. when input from Each the as follows. Press repeatedly the displayed. Broader, achieved. Sounds to the ear. Canceling JVC sound Advanced Operations
the to the [Function] operations the input of to the [Function] operations The of DVD recorded which than other of The and higher the following this bothers Press The effective when played. this the from the change. This when or You the input of connected to the Press and switch to the Press and seconds. the as follows. to the played, repeatedly the displayed. Each and the as follows. this when the input from too and the to hear. High
and and Functions The of this to the which used. the You from the "ON SCREEN LANGUAGE" or when there the the to the the Press and the item to the displayed The following displayed. top right, from where the group. PICTURE LANGUAGE pull-down the AUDIO OTHERS and
Boldface the LANGUAGE MENU LANGUAGE "AA" and other the Select the the DVD These become when recorded the recorded, the become If the selected recorded the the that used. AUDIO LANGUAGE Select the the DVD soundtrack. SUBTITLE Select the the DVD ON SCREEN LANGUAGE Select the the Quality, Information). PICTURE PICTURE SOURCE AUTO The automatically. FILM: or that recorded with the VIDEO: SCREEN SAVER Select whether or to the around and FILE TYPE Select which to when containing both MP3/WMA and JPEG Press and the then to to the previous Press Item Item ENGLISH FRENCH GERMAN SPANISH ON OFF: AUDIO MP3/WMA STILL PICTURE: JPEG Once this and the or switch the off and then back The then becomes effective.
AUDIO DIGITAL AUDIO OUTPUT Select the of to the connected to the information DOWN MIX the from the "DIGITAL AUDIO OUTPUT" and "PCM ONLY". The from the built-in and the headphone D. RANGE COMPRESSION Corrects the the hear and sounds when back DVD that recorded OTHERS RESUME Selects whether or to the when playback ON SCREEN GUIDE Selects whether or to the on-screen PARENTAL LOCK the that from the DVD and them with other The the incorrect Item Item PCM ONLY: when connected to that with Linear PCM. DOLBY DIGITAL/PCM: when connected to or when connected to with this function. STREAM/PCM when to or when connected to with these DOLBY SURROUND when connecting to with built-in STEREO: when to AUTO D. automatically. ON: D. ON Activates OFF: from the ON Displayed. OFF: Not displayed. COUNTRY CODE: GB. SET LEVEL: The the the the restriction. "NONE" selected, PASSWORD the The four the buttons The input playback or the to If chance the input EXIT: the and
AA GD Scots MK SN Shona AB GL ML SO AF GN MN SQ AM Ameharic GU MO SR AR HA MR Marathi SS AS HI MS (MAY) ST Sesotho AY HR Croatian MT SU AZ HU MY SV Swedish BA HY NA SW BE IA NE TA BG IE Interlingue NL Dutch TE BH IK NO TG BI IN OC TH IS OM TI BN BO JI PA TL BR JW PL Polish TN CA KA Georgian PS TO CO Corsican KK PT TR CS KL QU TS CY KM RM TT DA KN RN TW DZ KO (KOR) RO UK EL KS RU UR EO KU RW UZ ET KY SA VI EU LA SD VO FA LN SG WO Wolof FI LO SH Serbo-Croatian XH FJ LT Lithuanian SI YO FO LV SK ZU FY MG SL GA Irish MI SM "DIGITAL AUDIO OUTPUT" and output Linear PCM DVD PCM Linear PCM DVD DTS DVD DTS PCM DVD PCM CD CD SVCD PCM/48 PCM DTS CD DTS PCM MP3/WMA PCM IW OR TK "DIGITAL AUDIO OUTPUT" Stream/PCM PCM
Country AD ET LC SD AE United FI LI SE AF FJ LK SG AG and LR SH FK AI LS Lesotho SI AL LT SJ and FM States of) AM LU SK AN FO Islands LV SL AO FR LY SM AQ FX MA SN AR GA MC SO AS American GB United MD of SR AT Austria GD MG ST Tome and AU GE MH Islands SV AW GF ML SY AZ GH MM SZ BA and GI MN TC and Islands BB GL MO TD Chad BD GM MP Northern Islands Southern TF BE GN MQ BF Faso GP MR TG BG GQ MS TH Thailand BH GR Greece MT TJ BI MU TK GS South and the South Islands BJ MV TM BM GT MW TN BN GU MX TO BO GW MY TP East BR GY MZ TR BS HK NA TT and BT NC New TV HM Heard and Islands BV Island NE TW BW HN NF United TZ of BY HR NG BZ HT NI UA CA HU NL Netherlands UG CC ID NO Norway UM United States Minor Outlying CF African IE Ireland NP CG IL NR US United States CH IN NU UY CI Cote NZ New UZ British IO Territory CK Islands OM City State VA CL Chile IQ PA CM IR of) PE and the VC CN IS Iceland PF French CO IT PG New VE CR JM PH VG (British) CU JO PK VI Islands (U.S.) CV JP PL VN CX Christmas KE VU PM and CY KG WF and CZ KH PN DE KI PR WS DJ KM PT YE DK KN and PW YT Mayotte DM PY YU KP Peoples of DO QA ZA South Africa DZ KR of RE ZM EC KW RO ZR EE KY Islands RU Federation ZW EG KZ RW EH SA Peoples LA ER SB Islands ES LB SC and
Quality Operations and Functions You the brightness, and other of the the Quality Press The item as follows whenever Press to of the and the Quality The following displayed. pressed. Press repeatedly the item that to displayed. Brightness Sharpness Quality the the and the Quality to to the previous Press
Quality Item Brightness the brightness. the light and the the the when NTSC input. the tint. Sharpness the sharpness. If the screen vertically, the the of You the following and
Information Operation and Functions You the "Information" the of this "High and Hours the Information Press The item as follows whenever Press to of the and the Information The following Information displayed. pressed. Press repeatedly the item that to or displayed. Information High Information the the and the Information to to the previous Press
Information Item Information the the of the connected to the input or the input At the of purchase, this to the automatically. If interference appears the or appear when the manually. High using this high "ON". If the replaced, this The operating cleared. of the 0H displayed hours. Displayed of hour hours and The to text when to the Source: whether DVD projected, or from projected. the of the input. and
Troubleshooting Reading the You the of this using the the top each the following and follow the to the If switched off, that the connected correctly and whether or the switch turned flashes flashing Turn the switch off then If the once and the switched related High (overheating) The off and this around seconds and then stand-by the items to the right. If the off, the switch back to light cover the the then the The switch the and The the from the and this from the least Clean the flashing off If the once and the turned If the once the
the or Warning flashing off the or off Normal flashing off High-speed cooling You this Projection high It to the the with as as If when this that the Standing-by that this to used. Warming seconds) Cooling seconds) Break Press to to playback. the items to the right. this from the least Clean the or off the or the warm-up, as this reduce the of the The operation of and stand-by once cool-down completed. off the or the cool-down, as this reduce the of the If there when and switch the and the from the
the If this functioning normally, the following repairs. the to Reference At these the switch the the appear the or of the to the appear the Function/Numerics switch the The input) the to the sound heard or the sound The the too The If recorded the they If there the they displayed. appear Disconnect and the the cooling If the and off when the off the switch then and the If the to that the the the from the and You DVD the to the the of this Press to switch to DVD. the the cover the the Could there the the the operations prohibited. the or the correctly? active? Press the DVD to "DVD LEVEL the to "OFF" A-B and and B.
Reference At these the the connected turned appear Switch the to the connected or playback the the connected supported" If when the to displayed the Information to the to the the connected correctly? displayed The If used, interference the and or The and the aspect ratio the input If the aspect ratio correctly, and the aspect ratio to the input right the Information the to the to the connected to both the input and the input only the If to the from the connected to the input the from the input the to the connected turned Switch the to the connected or playback the the connected Press to switch to DVD.
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning Cleaning the builds the or the "The overheating. nothing the and or the displayed, from the using cleaner. If collects the the internal of the to and this to with and shortening of the service life. It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth using to the Then with cloth. Cleaning the blower, or cleaning to the such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. the with or the to shocks, as easily become
the or with the optional "Optional and The the appears the when The or to to the brightness and the displayed about hours of passed. The which this displayed the and the which this used. If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the warning appears. You should ready
to the of properly with the The immediately Once the switched off, allow hour to the to allow to cool thoroughly. the operating the replaced, the The built-in counter that of the operating and the displayed based this counter. Once the turned off, cool- completed, and the off the switch. Once the turned off, cool- completed, and the off the switch. Tighten the screws firmly. Turn the switch the then If the the cover. the hollow and upwards. the cover the screwdriver that with the the cover latch. the cover. If repeatedly displayed.
the the the cover. the the screws. If the yourself, to of CAUTION: the and the cover securely. the of this the the or the cover correctly. The mercury. of properly with Press and when the
Optional and The following optional and purchase required. This of optional as of of to without ELPLP33 as Optional ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 which easily. (Aspect ratio Projection and to the following and the which allows the the of the Units: Units: Units: Units: ELPAF09 as subwoofer ELPSP01 bass.
Specifications Product EMP-TWD1 340(W) 180(H) 310(D) 0.55-inch Polysilicon TFT active (W) (light UHE W, ELPLP33 supply +35C +60C Connectors sound input (JIS) 10W Rated DVD CD, SVCD, CD, CD-R/RW CD, CD, SVCD, MP3/ WMA, JPEG DVD-R/RW (DVD Aspect TV (NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) 100-240VAC RCA DIN RCA RCA Headphone 10W 10W THD JEITA/4 headphone (L+R): (JEITA) or harmonic (JEITA) or Light: to DNX TM IC this Normal
USA UL60950 Edition UL60065 Edition CSA C22.2 CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition IEC60065 Edition EMC USA FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022 Class EN55024 IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 EN55013: 2001+AI: EN55020: 2002+AI: EN61000-4-2 EN61000-4-3 EN61000-4-4 Australia/New AS/NZS CISPR Class AS/NZS CISPR
JPEG photographs with the JPEG MP3 The of "MPEG1 It the of the to greatly reduced, whilst high sound NTSC The of the "National and to of the This the USA and PAL The of "Phase and to of the This with the of and other African and countries. SECAM The of and to of the This Eastern the Union, the East and African WMA The of the Microsoft Corporation of America. You WMA using XP, or the and the or of the Microsoft Corporation of America, America and other WMA please that the Microsoft Corporation of If that certified, that correctly. Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Cool-down to the to cool from the high when this turned off. the cool-down. If cool-down correctly, the or internal of the overheat which reduce the of the or to this Cool-down once the age restriction. There when DVD which of Shows the ratio of and recorded to The what Converts the and to transmitted that interference produced, where interference the (PBC) back CDs. You the or information to from the screen displayed. related terms Title/Chapter/Track One DVD titles, which of and CDs tracks. Chapter Chapter Track Track Track Track DVD CD/Audio CD
This as of the of obtained from the If what of these please the EPSON www.epson.com. EUROPE AUSTRIA EPSON Austria Address: BELGIUM EPSON BULGARIA PROSOFT BG-1113 Sofia CROATIA HR-10000 Address: CYPRUS CTC- INFOCOM P. O. CZECH EPRINT CZ-16200 DENMARK Address: FINLAND geographical excluded) FRANCE EPSON F-92300 Address: GERMANY EPSON GREECE Ass. GR-19674 Athens HUNGARY R.A. Petofi H-2040 IRELAND Address: ITALY EPSON F. (MI) Address: LUXEMBURG EPSON Address: MACEDONIA NETHERLANDS EPSON NORWAY Address: POLAND FOR EVER PL- PORTUGAL EPSON S.A. ROMANIA MB Distribution S.R. L. Sector RO-
SLOVAKIA SK-98401 Address: SLOVENIA SLO-1001 OCEANIA AUSTRALIA EPSON AUSTRALIA PTYLIMITED Road, NSW AUSTRALIA Address: SPAIN EPSON IBERICA, S.A. SPAIN Address: SWEDEN SWITZERLAND EXCOM Service AG CH-8820 Address: TURKEY TIC. A.S. UNITED KINGDOM EPSON (UK) Hempstead, HP2 7TJ Address: YUGOSLAVIA BS
rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. with to the of the information Neither from the of the information contained Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. from "Dolby" and the of from Theater Inc. "DTS" and "DTS of Theater Inc. 3LCD of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and the or of the Microsoft Corporation of America America and other Pixelworks and DNX of Inc. The DVD Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights