EX6210 using the the instructions the the Choose from the following the sections below or the USB HDMI VGA USB the of the USB to the USB the of the to USB XP or turning the follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software EMP_UDSE.EXE first If the software automatically, of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then Other or then EPSON_PJ_UD OS or higher: turning the the USB appears the Double-click USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software (only first If the USB software, the USB the to USB the instructions. of VGA to the and the other to If using switch to Troubleshooting). You HDMI of HDMI to the HDMI and the other to HDMI to and the to switch them. HDMI to VGA RCA Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-39169 USB or DC-06 USB USB or DC-06 to the USB If USB or USB the Slideshow the Turn Turn or the The light the the A/V the Press the the or The the light flashes and then To the the then You to the to cool The of the English To another the the and Select and Select and Press the to the the If the Source Search the or to the If or other the troubleshooting the right. To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot To reduce or the the Turn the to the If or the off to of the the the to the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. that or the or the to the the as shown AA Choose which to Turn and off Access Turn off to information the the 1-F C 1-F Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to switch to the necessary. If using the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. If using Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the Where to information about the the to the If from the CD or to the as below. Telephone services To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. www.epson.com/support (US) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or to promotions and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. of America, Inc. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without 1-F 1-F
USB or DC-06 USB USB or DC-06 to the USB If USB or USB the Slideshow the USB HDMI Turn VGA Turn or the The light the the the A/V EPSON_PJ_UD Press the the To the the then To another English The of the the the and Select and Select to the Press the and the the Source Search If the or to the If or other the troubleshooting the right. To the the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot HDMI to VGA RCA EX6210 the the instructions the the Choose from the following the sections below or the USB the of the USB to the USB the of the to USB turning the follow the XP or on-screen instructions to the USB software first If the software EMP_UDSE.EXE automatically, of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD the right-corner, then then or Other turning the the OS or higher: and USB USB appears the Double-click follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software first If the USB software, the USB to the USB the instructions. and the of VGA to the other to If switch to Troubleshooting). You HDMI and the other HDMI of HDMI to the to HDMI to and the to switch them. America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-39169 To reduce or the the Turn the to the If or the off to of the the the to the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. that or the or the to the the as shown AA batteries). or The the light flashes and then Choose which to Turn and off You to the to Access Turn off to information the the 1-F C 1-F Troubleshooting If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing, and the A/V Press the Source Search the or the to switch to the necessary. If using the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while (such as F7 the to appear. If using Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option necessary, then the or and the Where to information about the the to the If from the CD or to the as below. Telephone services To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM through and AM to PM and hours of to without or charges apply. www.epson.com/support (US) or www.epson.ca/support to You and and troubleshooting or to promotions and customer-only offers. You the CD included with or www.epson.com/webreg EPSON and EPSON of Corporation. of Inc. of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without 1-F 1-F