Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 5030UB and include these features: Bright, high-resolution to of light and of white (white light brightness light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO to inches or uniformity 3D Active 3D with RF active Supports top-and-bottom, and 3D HDMI or One MHL High-definition Link)-compatible HDMI the WirelessHD high- and from and smartphones Easy-to-use and features and and correction buttons
Additional Optional and CD 3D WirelessHD WirelessHD AC topic: to the to the following To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple To HDMI MHL, MHL or HDMI and MHL with Devices with integrated MHL To and 3D HDMI You purchase from or authorized If 3D that 3D playback. or purchase information. topic: Related Optional and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or
Warranty and Information offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP69) V13H010L69 V13H134A39 RF 3D (ELPGS03) V12H548006 mount CHF1000 HDMI AV22300-06 HDMI AV22300-12 HDMI AV22300-03 VGA/SVGA F3H982-06 VGA/SVGA F3H982-10 VGA/SVGA F3H982-25 security ELPSL01 Remote to the 1-year and service topic: with basic warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic:
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to (U.S) or and to technical hours If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to
cover and Remote cover foot and lights topic: Locations
Rear HDMI1 HDMI2 PC (VGA) RS-232C Service Remote AC input topic: Locations Related Security Attaching and Removing the
Mounting cover The cools the WirelessHD receiver. If mount the the the or the WirelessHD overheat. topic: Locations
light light light cover
buttons and arrow buttons Arrow buttons (selects Source through the of button/light topic: Locations Related Light
Remote On the HDMI inputs) Source buttons input
HDMI (displays the HDMI (displays the of the connected buttons playback and other of connected that the HDMI CEC 2D/3D 2D and 3D Arrow buttons though on-screen options) selected to Iris the based of Memory the Memory WirelessHD (displays 3D Format the 3D the Aspect (selects the aspect RGBCMY and each RGBCMY (selects options) (reduces around the of when 3D (selects connected HDMI off (lights the off the topic: Locations Related
Memory Memory
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to anything that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the Related the the You or the following
Rear Rear
Projection Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic: Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to approximately to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or Aspect Ratio or
or Projection from from to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to Aspect Ratio or Screen or from from to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches to
or Projection from from to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to inches to inches inches inches to topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. such as DVD players, streaming smartphones, and with To smartphone or to that allows to to the This allows to smartphone or and options. type of or that VGA or HDMI If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to topic: the
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source Related Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Attaching and the Connecting to Connecting to Source Connecting to Source topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the quality. the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI If connected seconds to appear when switch to the input To reduce the to commands, to of or instructions. You the Processing to reduce
Attaching and the Connecting to MHL-Compatible that the HDMI CEC connected to the HDMI the to of the the HDMI the and HDMI to On topic: Connecting to Sources Related Related and Removing the You the that with to to the and HDMI the and HDMI each the the and HDMI the to the and HDMI to the each the and the the To the the and the Then the of each and them of the topic: Connecting to Sources If smartphone or to the WirelessHD MHL or HDMI with MHL only). If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI MHL (IN) connected charge when MHL
Connecting to Source the MHL or to If MHL to HDMI the other of the to the WirelessHD HDMI MHL (IN) topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional to with the to output usually or If these to the other to the input If appear incorrect, to the the If connected seconds to appear when switch to the input To reduce the to commands, to of or instructions.
Connecting to Source Connecting to Sources Connecting to VGA You the Processing to reduce topic: Connecting to Sources Related If to the optional or A/V the with the yellow to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI topic: You the to using VGA To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary,
Connecting to HDMI Connecting to the VGA to the other to PC the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to of the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources Related Attaching and Removing the To sound, and to receiver, then the to the using of the receiver's HDMI the You to that its own
the Remote Surround sound topic: The the AA that with the only the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the Related Remote Specifications
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the 3D Selecting the the the the With the Focusing the the the Convergence Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio Turn the or to the the
the to the the With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the On the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the warmed the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary. Press the Source the to the or the topic: Related
Turning the turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness the the To off the off the Press the the or the the The displays shutdown Press the the or the the (To other The the off, and the light off. To or the the light off, then the cord.
3D To the or the when the light or flashing. topic: Related the Temporarily the You 3D using 3D and of RF 3D You purchase RF 3D from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or to the HDMI Turn the then the playback from the the to 3D Press the 2D/3D the to 3D necessary.
the 3D with the the switch the 3D to the On the 3D If 3D the with the If the or within of the and the light flashes the switch the to the and then back to the On to 3D the 3D with the Charging the 3D 3D topic: Related Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to HDMI the with the to establish them 3D Turn the the to HDMI. 3D
Charging the 3D the switch the 3D to the On the within of the then the the least three seconds. The light the flashes and red. If the light seconds and then off. topic: 3D Charge the when the light the flashes to battery.
3D the of the charging to the the of the the the or the or of the following: the other of the charging USB or other the other of the charging USB-to-AC with the following specifications: 100-240V, ~0.15A, 5V=1A The when the light the topic: 3D 3D within the shown
Selecting the the topic: 3D If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Height the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and If the the front feet to their height. the and the to the of the as necessary.
the If the to the the topic: Related If the directly front of the the of the the turning the the and Turn the and Turn the and the to the of the as necessary. You the to both the and
height height Follow these when to the height, the than where to and then the This the from the and their the topic: the Height
Correcting with the You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the Correcting with the topic: You the correction buttons to the of that the To the quality, the to the If this isn't the correction buttons the to the Turn the and You to the the You the the the Press of these buttons the to the
the With the Press the to the correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic: Related Turn the and turning the the and You to the the the
Focusing the the To or reduce the the topic: Turn the and turning the the and You to the the the To the the
the Convergence topic: You the to manually the (the of the red, and the Allow to least to and the the The should of inches and the should or textured, otherwise the to Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and the and Select On and Select the Select and choose of the following: to the
to the You the or the and Select the and Select the to and Select and You this the arrow buttons the to the the of the highlighted the Press the to to the of the finished each of the You this
Remote of the following: If correct, and to to the If intersection and and the arrow the to highlight the of the that and to the this as necessary. topic: The the from anywhere the You it the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the and
feet
Selecting Source the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the topic: If connected to the such as and DVD player, to switch from to the other. the connected to turned
Projection DVD or other and its button, necessary. of the following: Press the Source the the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the HDMI WirelessHD PC (VGA) topic: the to the correctly. from front of the
the the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection Related
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: You the aspect ratio of the displayed to HDMI the input the aspect Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the of the aspect appears. To through the aspect input the or arrow repeatedly. Press to the highlighted aspect topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from the 3D the aspect ratio to Normal
Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the the of the and the aspect ratio of the the of the the aspect The aspect ratio HDMI, and WirelessHD topic: Aspect Ratio Related The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related references Quality
the You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the of appears. To through the input the or arrow buttons repeatedly. Press to topic: You the to these the input 2D projecting bright or THX with closed B&W and white 3D
Turning On Iris 3D bright 3D 3D THX topic: the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the button. You the Iris the the the Iris directly. the and Select the Iris and choose of the following: High to brightness as as the
Normal brightness You Iris each that the Press or to the topic: You the to You HDMI or WirelessHD when active. Turn the and switch to the HDMI or WirelessHD to Press the the The HDMI appears as sub-screen the of the While active, the the to the and of the sub-screen. To the and and the least three seconds. Press the to the sub-screen and topic: You the following options the the while active:
Subscreen the of the sub-screen Subscreen the location where the sub-screen displayed Subscreen Source Selects which appears the sub-screen Switches the the with the displayed the sub-screen the sub-screen and topic:
the Temporarily Security Follow the instructions these sections to the Temporarily Security to Memory and You temporarily off the to redirect action to however, the that Press the the to temporarily To the back the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to operation of the the the Security cabling to physically the the Security topic:
the You the the to from using the You the buttons or the the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To the Child To the the than three seconds. To buttons the button, You Select and the the to Unlocking the topic: Security Related
Unlocking the Security to Memory and If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the You the security the back of the to Security from topic: Security You each of and then the whenever to them. Turn the and Press the You the Memory the to the Memory directly. Select the and Select the Memory and You this
Select of the following Memory with Memory to memory with memory that indicated previously memory overwrites the with Memory the selected memory Memory memory topic:
WirelessHD WirelessHD Connecting the WirelessHD You the included WirelessHD to wirelessly HD from to the WirelessHD Connecting the WirelessHD WirelessHD Switching WirelessHD Sources the WirelessHD these as WirelessHD location: the WirelessHD that the lights the front of the the WirelessHD within feet of the and located the there clear the and the WirelessHD the WirelessHD with or the WirelessHD as this with the topic: WirelessHD You to HDMI input and HDMI to WirelessHD the AC the AC input the WirelessHD and
WirelessHD HDMI to and to the HDMI input the and back of the WirelessHD You smartphone or to the HDMI MHL (IN) the WirelessHD To the WirelessHD as pass-through to or other HDMI to the and to the HDMI the back of the topic: WirelessHD Turn the or to the WirelessHD and Turn the switch the of the Turn the
Switching WirelessHD Sources Press the WirelessHD the The light the lights and displays WirelessHD If the WirelessHD the the of the WirelessHD and topic: WirelessHD If connected HDMI input to WirelessHD the to switch Press the the or the WirelessHD to the the WirelessHD You this
the WirelessHD Press the repeatedly to highlight input highlighted the to switch to, release the The switches to the highlighted seconds. topic: WirelessHD If connected to the WirelessHD the to wirelessly from the Press the the the following to the Press the the or the WirelessHD to the displayed the sub-screen. the to through of the connected Press the the or the WirelessHD to the of the sub-screen. The counterclockwise from to each the pressed.
Press and the the to switch the shown the and the sub-screen. finished the the to topic: WirelessHD
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Memory Memory Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the the the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of Varying the higher the and the and
Varying to the higher the and the Advanced Selects RGB Normal Selects the brightness of the ECO Iris the based the brightness Normal when The Brightness brightness. To the the the RGBCMY of the EPSON White RGB the offset and each High selected RGBCMY the and brightness each EPSON White reduces of whites when to THX 3D THX B&W or 3D Normal ECO reduces brightness and and and
topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input To input the connected and that
3D 3D Selects 3D options Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- Tracking Varying to from the PC input Varying to or from the PC input right the location the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D 3D 3D Format 2D-to-3D Conversion 2D to 3D 3D 3D Format selects the 3D 3D Brightness 3D the the 3D 3D 3D Notice selects the of the to the 3D height the selected input 3D Brightness the brightness of the 3D 3D the the and right only 3D correctly) 3D Notice the displayed when 3D
whether to Motion Detection to Selects the converted to Smooths and intermediate to On Automatically fast-moving Normal them High graphics, and this with or Select or higher fast-moving
Advanced Reduction Reduction reduces three The or from HDMI, or WirelessHD You the HDMI only when the White to The the 3D Notice Aspect and Processing 3D the and from HDMI The Aspect HD the HDMI which of the this Processing specifications to the the ratio to the or HDMI the to match the of the connected to the HDMI input Processing processed; to to higher
topic: the Related Aspect Ratio Related 3D the features. Varying to (vertically)
HDMI the HDMI options that allow the to HDMI HDMI-connected On that the CEC the connected to the HDMI1 and HDMI2 HDMI or the HDMI function On what when the or PJ or Bidirectional the when the PJ or Bidirectional the when the turned whether turned off when the turned off
WirelessHD displays of WirelessHD WirelessHD Reception WirelessHD whether Child locking to the Selects the the the the oriented correctly the WirelessHD Rear Rear/Ceiling Reception displays the of the WirelessHD the WirelessHD and Normal this the while the WirelessHD the to Child the buttons the
2D-to-3D Conversion Assigns option to the the 3D one-touch the of the and location of options the sub-screen, and topic: the Related Security Related Related Correcting with the Connecting to HDMI Source the the Related topics WirelessHD the that its operation. 3D Brightness 3D Info
Direct On Selects operation options Direct On the without the High off the of inactivity off the lights the DC 12V from the whenever the turned High the operating
Selects options Selects the input the location where the displayed Background selects the of the Confirmation whether displayed the Background selects the or to when received whether appears when the Confirmation displays the the the type from input connected to the or to the the type from input connected to the or to the
Memory Memory Corrects the Select Selects the and displays option) The the High or topic: the Related the Convergence with memory locations where to the each of inputs. (the of the and the Select the to the the
Information Info Memory the of that created; and the to Memory the to the memory Memory the of that created; and the to Memory the of that created; and the to topic: the You information about the and input the Info the The information the currently selected input
The hours the least hours. the input Information item Hours the of hours the each the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input the input type of the input the of the input Scan the or interlaced) Refresh Rate the refresh of the input 3D Format the 3D of the input Info information that service information information about that service the
Information item the firmware of the topic: the Related Optional and Related the the You of the to their using the option the You the to when the using the option and memory the Memory option. You the following using the option: PC Memory
topic: the
and the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to clean the and clean the and to the from overheating to The should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the 3D Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Related Where to Clean the or whenever or the
Cleaning the 3D To or the to the and the with lens-cleaning To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to or to the topic: To or from the lint-free cloth. charging from the cleaning them.
Cleaning the and or other to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this warning appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or
Cleaning the to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the the topic: Related Light You to the the following The or You to Turn off the and the cord. Press the of the cover to release the latch, then to
the of the each of the to to off force when the or crack and become the or or to the or and the optics or other areas.
the the front of the (the with the to If to or the the the back the as shown. the cover. topic: and Related the You to the the following cleaning the to clean or The torn or
If the You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord. Press the of the cover to release the latch, then to the of the of to
the the the as shown. the cover. topic: and The track of the of hours the and this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and its light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Information Info Specifications the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to injury.
You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury. If the the to the of the and of or mouth when the cover.
the cover and it off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and the screws to the screws. the and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to of the topic:
the Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and Select and You to the Select and Press or to the topic:
the Remote The AA or the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and batteries. the cover as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Specifications
Transporting the The of which Follow these to or the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Light the these sections the Light or Remote Where to If the properly, turning it off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The this If of these technical topic: Related Where to Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light light light light and Normal operation Flashing Warming to appear or
light light light light and Flashing when the light flashing, the Flashing Flashing too Flashing overheated and off; off to cool about then the following: that the and with or Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
light light light light and Flashing Flashing Flashing the to Flashing Flashing or Flashing Flashing Flashing Iris the off, Flashing the off, and Flashing Flashing the If the lights the turn the off, and topic: Related the the off, and and off, and to the or incorrectly; reseat or the as Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
Appears Related Cleaning the the the the these sections with Appears Appears Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect 3D Not Correctly WirelessHD Source Not Correctly topic: If appears, the following Press the the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the button to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. with reduce the from screen
Appears From PC from turn off DirectX topic: Related Quality If the appears, the following Press the the repeatedly to through the seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then If the other the of the the From PC From topic: Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or
From "Not Supported" Appears Appears topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the checkbox. topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: Related Supported If appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software
the Not the or Static topic: Related references Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing it squarely, If the height using the the buttons the to the topic: Related Related Correcting Shape with the If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to than VGA/PC or HDMI the the to they match the the Reduction Select and refresh that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to
the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect If connected without to it caused interference the topic: Related Quality If the or try the following the Clean the the enough to the and directly front of the Sharpness to If from the and the Tracking and If from topic: Related Quality Related Cleaning the Focusing the the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and
3D Not Correctly the the the input such as Brightness Advanced and/or selected the PC or the the securely connected to the and If connected shorter If the ECO try selecting Normal the the enough to the If the to the topic: Related Quality If 3D correctly, the following Press the 2D/3D the to switch to 3D necessary. You 3D the 3D the to On and both to the that with information. HDMI that 3D selected the 3D Format the Normally this should to to to match the 3D from using RF 3D active You purchase them from 3D turned and charged. If the the switch the to the and then back to the On 3D paired with the within the 3D using the wireless microwave or other that the band. These with the the and the 3D
WirelessHD Source Not Correctly If the other the the 3D the the to its the topic: Related 3D Optional and Related Charging the 3D the 3D with the Cleaning the 3D If WirelessHD correctly, the following WirelessHD selected as the the the WirelessHD reception the and the of the WirelessHD If the to the to the or located the and the that to the WirelessHD It to seconds to and appear connecting. You to the WirelessHD Turn off both the WirelessHD and the then the WirelessHD and the seconds, then the the of the the WirelessHD within of the isnt and If the and lights the flashing, the overheating. the the back of the and that the F C). If wireless that the light the If off, the the or topic: Related WirelessHD
or Remote to or Shut-Off Related Related Connecting the WirelessHD Switching WirelessHD Sources the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off, the light flashing and the light the overheated and off. the this light If the the turn the its and the Remote the topic: or Remote Related references Where to Light Related Unlocking the
to with the Remote Where to the Remote If the to commands, the following Check that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the the or to the causing to Release the to the lighting, sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If the another from topic: or Remote Related Optional and Remote Related the If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with
to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active F=2.3 to reproduction Brightness Normal ratio 2D length: to White light (ISO light brightness light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO to Normal with Iris
Specifications inches to inches aspect Projection inches to inches aspect rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio (Tele-to-Wide) (Normal correction topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency, E-TORL) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications (ECO to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications Specifications Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches 5030UB topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications to ECO ECO
Specifications and Specifications Supported to F to C) (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA to F to C) to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh XGA WXGA SXGA WXGA++ TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) TV (NTSC4.43) TV (M-PAL) TV (N-PAL) TV (PAL60) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA
Refresh SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI 3D Refresh 3D HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL 3D Top and Top and
Refresh 3D topic: Technical Specifications Top and Top and
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to If the mounted or it should technicians using mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, high-voltage wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to comply with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to or the where to
3D Instructions the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately because the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) 3D Instructions Restriction of topic: Notices Follow these 3D instructions when and the If or the following or other from 3D immediately and health or
twitching, of awareness, involuntary strain, headaches, or blurry/double that than seconds. activity (such as vehicle or operating machinery) completely If the and 3D without with health provider/physician. or when to flashing or lights 3D who history of of awareness, to or family history of should health the 3D function. It recommended that while 3D or 3D The least to every to of 3D *Based the issued the 3D revised The and of from to If should immediately the 3D or 3D the heath provider/physician necessary. to the of 3D should or Children and to health associated with 3D and should closely to prolonged without from the of least three the height when 3D The recommended inch least and least feet inch Also, recommended than inches. than the recommended or than recommended 3D and Therefore, to or or wires, and that The following people should 3D People with history of People with heart People health People who People who People the influence of or
Restriction of FCC who or flashing light SOME LIGHT PATTERNS MAY INDUCE SEIZURES IN PERSONS WITH NO PRIOR HISTORY OF EPILEPSY. the 3D or with the within reach of They If immediately. of the of the when wearing the 3D and of the sections such as the hinges. or of the 3D follow and topic: Instructions this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
Source Software the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices EPSON and and EPSON of Corporation. and SM and SM service of America, Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices GNU GPL
This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON One The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble
The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and software--to the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply it to of software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this free software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as
Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered only its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the terms of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the terms of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the
of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and or the or based
Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation.
If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option)
This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, it this when interactive Copyright year of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU
The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You it first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the
If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's reputation affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of free to that effectively the of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or using library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the because to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the free to software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating
Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those functions and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these
The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option useful when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the
machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and and and functions or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the customer's and such modifications. You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the
and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the user as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: the with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such
You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or
Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what
Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!)
You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If only distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely
It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the Unisys LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors
July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas
The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. March This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of
terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. as such, and as the software. This or from If the to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information This includes the software which the following terms of (only used) as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally submitted to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution."
"Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such only to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the contained within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of modifications, or such
Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this accepting such obligations, You own and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following boilerplate with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the
that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which owner of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated
Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California, Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software.
THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright Rights to and this software and its and without granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop
E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G.
rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA
USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. Moshier to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation
to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and own IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright Chuguev. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Copyright M. Warner rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc.
Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AREDISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of MIT of of each which owner of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. granted, free of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without restriction, including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP terms of of each which owner of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following
The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS revised what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the and of the copyright to the "TINET". The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement:
This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN TINET (TCP/IP Copyright (C) of and National College of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following of accompanying redistribution
Copyright Notice The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. LLC software LLC and the of right, title and whatsoever and to and to such ownership and to the LLC rights related to the and other rights or directly or or otherwise, or copyrights, or other property rights of LLC LLC Rights topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution each to and of the copyright when While countries' copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice America, Inc. CPD-39809R1 topic: Copyright Notice