EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX7240 VS340/VS345
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations includes these features: Bright, high-resolution VS340: to of brightness light and of white brightness (white light VS240/VS345: to of brightness light and of white (white light EX3240/EX5240/EX7240 to of brightness light and of white brightness (white light EX5250 to of light and of white brightness (white light light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO EX3240/VS240: Native of (SVGA) EX5240/EX5250 Native of (XGA) EX7240 Native of (WXGA) EX9200 Native of (WUXGA) USB projection, and wireless LAN and (EX7240
Additional topic: to the to the following To or A/V or purchase information. To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI You purchase from or authorized To that includes only DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI To HDMI MHL, MHL or HDMI and MHL with (EX7240 with integrated MHL You purchase HDMI from or authorized To with from with or purchase information. To that includes DisplayPort, or to the VGA to Apple topic: Related Optional and
Optional and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP88) V13H010L88 (ELPAF32) V13H134A32 LAN (ELPAP10) V12H731P02 wireless USB (ELPAP09) V12H005M09 DC-06 V12H321005 DC-11 V12H377020 DC-12 V12H594020 DC-20 V12H500020 mount ELPMBPJF ELPSC80 ES1000 V12H002S4Y ES3000 V12H002S3Y HDMI AV22300-12 1-Year Service EPPEXPA1 2-Year Service EPPEXPA2 Service EPPFTPA1 Service EPPFTPA2 topic:
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information with warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service using the CD or this epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as followed to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to Press the the or and to to (U.S) or and to technical hours instructions the Network Projection Operation instructions only), the
Locations instructions to interactive network the PC Projection If checking this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to Related the the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to
EX5240/EX5250
EX3240/VS240 A/V Foot release A/V cover) foot and cover Security
Rear (EX5240/EX5250 cover topic: Locations EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 AC input Wireless LAN cover screw (EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 Remote HDMI (EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 HDMI/MHL (EX7240 Computer USB-B
USB-A camera/wireless LAN EX9200 AC input Remote HDMI1 and HDMI2/MHL USB-B USB-A topic: Locations
Mounting (M49 Security Rear foot topic: Locations
EX5240/EX5250 EX7240 Source Search (searches connected
(selects buttons and arrow buttons and arrow selection, information, and other features) and light lights EX3240/VS240 Source Search (searches (selects buttons and arrow buttons and arrow
selection, information, and other features) and light lights topic: Locations Related references Light
Remote through connected through connected numbers)
and Aspect (selects the aspect (switches buttons to function numbers) Arrow through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and buttons and of the A/V off and sound) (splits the selection, information, and other features) action) and buttons (activates on-screen functions and wireless ID (selects and ID numbers) (selects MHL (displays or functions the MHL (EX7240 LAN (switches to USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or using mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded outlet or cord. and Projection topic: the You or the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Projection Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or You the Throw (U.S.) or EX3240/VS240 Aspect Ratio or or Projection from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to to to to
Aspect Ratio or or Projection from inches to inches inches EX5240/VS340 Aspect Ratio or Screen Screen or from to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to inches inches EX5250 Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to to to to to to to to to to
Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection from inches to inches inches to inches inches EX7240 Aspect Ratio or Screen or from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches to inches inches to inches inches EX9200 Aspect Ratio or or Projection from inches to inches inches to to to to to to to to to to
Aspect Ratio or or Projection from inches to inches inches inches to inches inches inches to inches inches topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, streaming smartphones, and with To smartphone or to that allows to to the options. sound, input necessary. shows without or USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to to to to to
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and topic: the Related Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB HDMI recommended high the the USB to USB Turn the to USB-B EX3240/EX5240/EX5250
EX9200 the other to USB of the following: Click EPSON_PJ_UD when it appears the then EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. Select EMP_UDSE.EXE the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow instructions. You to this software only the first the to the If XP and to The the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related USB Related Connecting to HDMI and
Connecting to VGA You the to using VGA To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary, the VGA to the other to the EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Sound
Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB If HDMI to the optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort, or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 The the from the internal topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to USB-B or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to USB it connected already.
Connecting to Sound the USB to USB-B EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related the as Wireless If includes sound and the USB-B or HDMI sound through the optional (with and RCA the to headphone or or or
Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source the other to the EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the using optional HDMI The HDMI the
Connecting to the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 The the from the internal topic: Connecting to Sources If smartphone or to the MHL or HDMI with MHL If with built-in MHL directly the HDMI /MHL (EX7240 connected charge when MHL the MHL or to If MHL to HDMI
Connecting to Source the other of the to the HDMI /MHL The the from the internal topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional to with the to or If using these to the VGA to the EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 Tighten the screws the VGA
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related Optional and Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional the to the other to the EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional or A/V the with the to yellow
Connecting to Source Sound the other to the EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 topic: Connecting to Sources Related Connecting to Source Sound You sound through the the to the using RCA the to
Connecting to USB the other of the to the or EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic:
USB Projection Connecting USB or to the You and other without or connecting of these to USB or smartphone USB USB memory or smartphones USB-mounted and USB Class-compliant. USB these USB USB Class supported) Formatted FAT or FAT32 Self-powered their AC recommended) You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting PC You USB or to the USB-A and to and other If USB with the
Selecting the Connected USB Source the USB (or USB or USB memory to the USB-A EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 EX9200 USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Related topics PC You switch the to the connected to the USB-A the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the
Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB You to to the of the following to the to the DC-06 the USB that with the and to the USB-A and to the USB the DC-11 to the or and to the the the the DC-12 to the HDMI or and to the the the the DC-20 to the HDMI or and to the the the EX3240/EX5240/EX5250
the Remote EX9200 features software, to instead of the the topic: Related Optional and The the AA that with the the type of this of types, or and batteries.
the cover. the with the and facing as shown.
the Cover the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the Related Remote Specifications from the this the instructions the
To the cover, the A/V clicks the topic: the
the Network Network Follow the instructions these sections to Wireless Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wireless To this, to the wireless LAN and then and wireless The wireless LAN included with There the to wireless the connecting: or smartphone or You the to or wireless If connecting or the software You the software and from the to (U.S.) or and the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software or wireless software only) and through the PC software allows to interactive the of users Projection from or with the wireless LAN and free iProjection (U.S.) or information. Connecting Directly to or Connecting Directly to Smartphone or
Connecting Directly to or Network Security the Wireless LAN Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Network Selecting Network OS Network Security topic: the Network Related Product Optional and You directly to from or with wireless to purchase the optional wireless LAN Download and the Network Projection software or the wireless LAN to the USB-A necessary. Press the the or the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select and
easily and You the when to to Select the Wireless LAN and Select and Select and then selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the the of wireless or This the the the Network software or Select and OK Select and or and connected wireless topic: Wireless Network
Connecting Directly to Smartphone or Related the Wireless LAN Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS You QR the and to smartphone or to with the to purchase the optional wireless LAN Download the of from the or and smartphone or the wireless LAN to the USB-A necessary. Press the the or the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Wireless LAN and Select and Select and then
selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Press the the or the Select the QR and displays QR the iProjection smartphone or the QR to the QR and to the smartphone or connected to (U.S.) or information with the iProjection topic: Wireless Network Projection Related the Wireless LAN Selecting Wireless Network Manually
Wireless Network Security the Wireless LAN wireless allows the of information easily to the within of the within the reach Security protected wireless with wireless security If wireless security countermeasures implemented, such as the following Communicated intercepted third who wireless without authorization, and who information from these such as IDs, credit numbers, or the of Unauthorized to third to or without allowing them to of the following: or other information (information as another user and the of intercepted and (falsification) which or crashes topic: Wireless Network To the wireless the wireless LAN the other type of wireless from the this the instructions the
the wireless LAN cover screw. the wireless LAN the USB-A
Wireless Only) the wireless LAN cover and the screw The light the wireless LAN when the and operating. The light flashes when the the topic: Wireless Network Related references Optional and You the Wireless USB to to the wirelessly. Then and the when The Wireless USB included with and optional. the wireless LAN The wireless LAN included with from the this the instructions the Turn the
Press the LAN the You this: that SSID and IP displayed, then the wireless LAN from the necessary. the Wireless USB the the wireless LAN You that the information the USB the wireless LAN the
Selecting Wireless Network Manually the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If to the firewall this the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the option the then the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection Related Optional and from wireless the the using its Turn the Press the
Select the Network and the option to Wireless LAN On Network and the and
Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the the EPSONWEB turn security to to the the with The displays that from the Network Projection software or or iProjection. LAN Info the displays information. You option to QR that or using the iProjection the displayed to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them. the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the
Wireless LAN the wireless to the wireless or or Wireless LAN topic: Network Selects the type of wireless Advanced to or the optional USB to selects the the wireless LAN SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to Search Access search wireless Advanced IP DHCP Advanced DHCP IP assigns automatically, or manually the IP and Gateway Gateway SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the Advanced to wireless
Selecting Network Selecting Network OS Wireless Network Security IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually connecting to the the wireless To wireless software, the and the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. Click topic: Wireless Network to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID. topic: Wireless Network Projection You to the wireless of the following security options to match the WPA/WPA2-PSK security (Advanced WPA2-PSK security
Security with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and Select the security TKIP and AES supported. WPA authentication authentication supported. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Related Selecting Network Manually the Security the type of and security that match the the to.
Network Security WPA2-PSK and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless Passphrase from to Selects the characters the topic: Wireless Network Security You the to the network there with the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Turn
Network the IP the SMTP option. To the IP using the the and the these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network
SNMP Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Network and Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, using to each field. To the IP the the and the these or through (where from to If to the If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the
topic: the Network Once connected to and using This the remotely. The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or functions If to Communication On to and the the turned or connected to the the IP the browser's and the You to the If and (The EPSONWEB and the You the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions. To remotely, the Remote option from the as necessary.)
You this: Selects the Selects and HDMI/MHL A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Closed Caption QR with or the iProjection Select the to the function to
topic: the Network Related references ECO
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the the Focusing the the Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the PC Turn the or to the the from the this the instructions the
the to the the With Direct On turned the as as The light This that the Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the Once the the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary. Press the Source Search the or to the
Turning the Press the the the If the displayed, the to topic: Related Related Selecting Source turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness the A/V the To off the off the Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light off.
With there cool-down the right necessary). the immediately turning off. Turning the and off the of the To or the the light off, then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing.
Selecting the the the cover. topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Height the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the from the this the instructions the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the to their If the to the topic: Related
Correcting Shape with the You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the correction corrects effects when the Correcting with the Correcting Shape with the Correcting with Corner topic: You the to the of that such as when the to the of the To the the to the If this isn't the the to the from the this the instructions the Turn the and You to the using the You the the the the assigned to this
Correcting with the the the correction, slightly topic: Related You the correction buttons to the of that the To the the to the If this isn't the correction buttons the to the Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this
Press of these buttons the to the Press the to the
EX5240/EX5250 EX3240/VS240 correction, slightly If the of reach, the with the the the topic:
Correcting with Corner Related You the Corner to the and of that To the the to the If this isn't the Corner to the Turn the and You to the using the You the the the the assigned to this Press the button.
Select the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then the option to Corner the You the Corner
the the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: Related You the using the or the and buttons, the You to the using the You the the the the assigned to this If the includes to or reduce the If the includes and buttons, the the to the Press the to reduce the EX3240/VS240
Focusing the the EX5240/EX5250 topic: Turn the and You to the the You the the the the assigned to this To the the EX3240/VS240
Remote EX5240/EX5250 topic: Related The the from anywhere the You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the and
the Remote as Wireless the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as the Remote as topic: Related the You the as wireless from the the to the USB-B or HDMI to If connected to other than the USB-B USB to the USB-B and to USB wireless
the as the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Related Connecting to USB You the as to information the The arrow, using the
Selecting Source Press the the the arrow the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Related If connected to the such as and DVD player, to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary.
of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the
the the HDMI, and MHL (EX7240 USB and Network topic: the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the the the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds.
the Projection the The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection
Aspect Ratio the Aspect Ratio The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic: Related You the aspect ratio of the displayed to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio
Aspect Ratios You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to EX7240 Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the and the aspect ratio of the the of the the aspect Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio HDMI HD HDMI the aspect ratio the and topic: Aspect Ratio
the The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input it the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the using the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic:
Turning On Iris You the to these the input bright bright displays the Blackboard accordingly) topic: the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and
the with the Select the Iris and choose of the following: High to as as the Normal brightness You Iris each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the buttons the to the as with You the buttons the The buttons the internal You the each connected input Turn the and that includes Press the buttons as to or the appears the To the to input the topic: Related references Remote
Projecting PC Supported PC You PC whenever USB that or This and easily and them using the You of the Supported PC Starting PC PC PC topic: Related USB Related Connecting USB or to the You these of using the PC that FAT16/32. If from formatting the instead. You to the security USB with PC features.
Starting PC type the the the the the topic: Projecting PC connecting USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC operation options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the CMYK Highly with other than PCM or ADPCM than 2GB
The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and (You the or buttons the of the following: To the arrow to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or only the
Starting PC While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow To to the or the or right arrow To the follow the instructions or the topic: Projecting PC Related PC Related Connecting USB or to the Disconnecting USB or From the USB or to the switch to the USB input and You the PC options highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the
The PC appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and (You the or buttons the To back the arrow buttons to highlight the and If than characters or include the shortened or only the If to back the the Slideshow option the of the To playback, the highlight and topic: Projecting PC
PC You these options when the PC Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On continuously through Screen Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the automatically; high switch slightly
with with using of topic: PC
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Projecting Copying You off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the If the and sound off than the off. You this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To turn the and sound back A/V You the A/V the
Action Temporarily and of topic: Related ECO Related to You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the
Security Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. Press and the to quickly. To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic:
Security You these of using shared On Protection from the without first Protection from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protection from the network the Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the about seconds or this Press the arrow to and You the the and
Selecting Security Press and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the of the and topic: Security Related Selecting Security this allowing to the security to
to the If this the the about seconds or the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protection On and To to the or related Protection On and To to Network Protection On and to the to the to the topic: Security Related If and On Protection to whenever turn the This appear when the turned You the to the
to Press and the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to to the the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security Related Where to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the
Press the the and Select the and You to the as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the
You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the Screen and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security Related the and Sound Temporarily Selecting Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from using the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the
Security You of security the to theft. the security the to or purchase information. the security the to and to or heavy through the security when mounting the or topic: Security Related Optional and You To this, assign to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the to each other. least of the to them from overheating.
the ID the Remote ID the ID the ID Matching Quality topic: If to from each ID. Press the Select the and Select ID and the arrow buttons the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively.
Quality know the ID as the ID If the ID, the the and the ID The ID the temporarily. the that the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. Press the ID the to the You displayed the If the as On the ID to the If the as the ID properly. the to the ID to match the to You the ID to match the ID each the it to topic: You match the of that to each other. Turn the which to match the ID each the ID to match the first
Projecting Press the the and as necessary. the ID to match the then as to match the displays. The brightness and match exactly If and become noticeable the topic: You the to from to each other. You the using the or the While the other and to both
Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the
Copying to USB To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the To the the or topic: them to another of the the to the other If the to or other reason, incurred. The following Info items Network other than those the and Others to USB From USB to From topic: You the to to USB If the other the correctly. Turn off the and the from the
the the USB-A the directly to the Press and the the or as the to the the and lights release the button.
From USB The lights to that to the the lights flashing, the light and the the or the while the lights flashing. This the Once the the topic: Copying to USB them to another of the the USB from another of the The If the other the correctly. to to Turn off the and the from the the the USB-A the directly to the
to Press and the the or as the to the the and lights release the The lights to that to the the lights flashing, the light and the the or the while the lights flashing. This the Once the the topic: Copying You the to to of the following operating
OS OS OS OS OS OS Turn off the and the from the USB to USB-B the other to USB
From Press and the the or as the to the the and lights release the button. The shows as the and the to Once the copied, of the following: the or Right-click the of as and OS X: the from the the The topic: Copying to them to another of the of the following operating
OS OS OS OS OS OS to to Turn off the and the from the USB to USB-B the other to USB
Press and the button the or as the to the the and lights turn release the The shows as Copy the from to the other to the Once the copied, of the following: the or Right-click the of as and OS X: the from the the The and lights flashing to that the updated. the lights flashing, the light and the the while the lights flashing. This the
topic: Copying
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network ECO Information Info You the to the that The displays the the
Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow to through the the The each the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input To input the and that
the of the of and Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of the high the and the Reduction the tone of to K the or to other the intensity of the
Advanced whether to to Iris the based the brightness Normal when the or High selected; High correction fast-moving The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the The Reduction the following: the option to Selected RGB or input topic: the Related ECO fast-moving graphics, and
Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the To input the connected and that the input the option Normal Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- height the selected input Tracking Varying to
Varying to or right the location the On Automatically (when On) the ratio to the or Advanced HDMI the to match the of the to Normal the HDMI input Expanded the the type from the input connected to the Normal normally from other than selected the of the too bright Expanded normally from selected the too
the type from input to RGB topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features. The the currently selected input RGB corrects corrects
H/V to and Corner vertically) the and displays Source to Varying the of the (EX3240/VS240) Varying the of the locking to the Three the of the Source the QR H/V manually and or correction or the or off Corner to and on-screen buttons the buttons
Remote Front/Rear reception of the selected receiver; off receivers Rear Assigns option to the the Info one-touch to focusing and the and correcting to topic: the Related Correcting with the Correcting with the Correcting Shape with Corner Closed Caption the QR
the that its operation. Select options the Custom Function whether Custom Function the displays when the turned Custom Function Custom Function the options the and as
Selects options Background whether displayed the Background selects the A/V or to when Closed Caption of closed and selects the closed type (closed CC1 NTSC connected CC2 through the or Creates that the displays to and security Selects the the the the oriented correctly Rear Rear/Ceiling whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Direct On Selects options High Direct On the when Source Search High the On operating USB USB Selects the of the USB 21L USB when to the USB to ID Assigns ID the when through Selects the and displays option) topic: the Related ECO Related to Source Search the input when the turned On the when when to Communication On 21L allows to the USB the 21L
Network Network the Network information and the and Wireless Wireless LAN On wireless LAN Info Wireless LAN wireless and LAN SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC
ECO the QR QR connecting with or using the iProjection Network Accesses topic: the Related Selecting Manually the ECO functions to power-saving appears to the
Normal Selects the of the ECO Normal brightness Light On to Normal the based the this option each On Automatically the of inactivity to the On Automatically off the the cover closed A/V On Automatically off the A/V On Communication On that the Communication network when the ECO On the of the to the power-saving when the brightness topic: the ECO reduces and and and
Information Info Related Related the and Sound Temporarily You information about the and input the Info the Select to the Select Info to the below. the input The hours the least hours. Information item Hours the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow,
ID Information item Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service the ID the ID to the of ID ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Turn the off and then
ID and Unstable the and connecting to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP the DHCP operating correctly. If using DHCP, turn off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the
You the to when the the option. You the following using the option: Network items topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to the to its You to the and the and to the from overheating to The should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Related references Optional and Where to Clean the periodically, or whenever or the To or the with
Cleaning the and To cloth with and gently the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. or to the and the to or the touching the with to fingerprints or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to clean the These the or the topic: to with easily user-replaceable to and the If when the the reached high this appears to as prolonged to high reduce the of or to the to properly the or its covered the or Warranties. Cleaning the and the topic:
Cleaning the and the Related references Light Clean the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord. Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You the clean both of the or or to The or and the optics or other areas. If to or the the topic: and Related the You to the the following cleaning the to clean or The torn or
You the while the mounted to the or Turn off the and the cord. the cover.
the of the ABS resin and polyurethane of to the the as shown and clicks
the the cover. topic: and Related Optional and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing and its light flashing the the topic: Related references Information Info Specifications Light the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to injury. You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least
the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury. If the the to the of the cover and of or mouth when the cover. the and off.
the screws the to the The screws the the section of the and the of the The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right the assembly to the and the screws to
the the screws. the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the the to to track of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the
the Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: Related the The AA or batteries. the as as they only the type of specified this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the Warning: If the it with cloth and the If them immediately to the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
the these sections using the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Network Where to If the properly, try turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The option the information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: Related Light Where to Related the
Light The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the light light LAN light (EX9200 light light light light light light and Normal operation Flashing Warming or cooling or
light light light light and Flashing Light Light Flashing too that the and with or Flashing overheated and turned off. off to cool Once the and lights off and the light about the below: Clean or the the too that the and with or Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
light light light light and Flashing Flashing Light Flashing Light the to the Flashing Flashing or Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and Flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and Flashing Turn the off, and Light Light Flashing Flashing the or the USB or USB properly connected. the or the cord, and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. Clean or the If operating the high High If the the and
the light light light light and Flashing Flashing Flashing Flashing writing and occurred. Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Specifications Related Cleaning the and the the You information to using the Turn the Press the the or the the arrow buttons to Press You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to
or Sound Appears To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect to Sound topic: If appears, the following the cover the or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or Press the If the to there with the connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons.
Incorrect the USB Function If the when the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound Related references Quality ECO Related the Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. manually necessary. the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications with reduce the from from off DirectX If the the of the smooth the USB with Turn off the the USB using the of the USB software. You the from the to (U.S.) or and topic: or Sound
Appears From PC Related Related Connecting to USB and If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from it to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound Related If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the displayed the and the to the and or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to or topic: Appears
From "Not Supported" Appears Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Click the Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, try the to the lowest and then increase as necessary. topic: or Sound If appears, the following Press the the to the the using the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the the to the connecting the or to the to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound
the Not the or Static Related Supported If the try the following Turn the the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height using the the buttons the to the the of the the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting Shape with the Correcting with the Correcting Shape with Corner If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to Securely connected both Not connected to than or HDMI the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select and refresh that with the
the or Blurry If from the the to the tracking and If the the and manually the Tracking and If the the try the Sharpness to If connected without it to caused interference the If the USB function, off the the USB topic: or Sound Related Quality Supported If the or blurry, the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to quality. If from the the to the tracking and If or the and manually the Tracking and If from or try to match the topic: or Sound
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect Related Projection Quality Specifications Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, try the following Press the the to try the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected try shorter If the ECO try selecting Normal the At high or locations to high the become and to the the enough to the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound Related Related
to Sound or Remote Quality ECO If there sound when or the too or high, the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB If using and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to If the immediately turning off, the cooling high and This topic: or Sound Related Related the with the the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off
to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to with the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. Press the to the and the to the If the off, the light flashing and the light the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the The another cord. If that the and topic: or Remote Related Light Where to Related Unlocking the the Remote If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the
to the or to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the purchase another from authorized topic: or Related Remote Optional and Related the Remote If or the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and to the the and of ownership the If and the ID or try the following: ID: EPSONWEB If the from topic: or Operation Related Optional and
Network You Access the Through the Network Not Where to Related the these sections the You Access the Through the Network Not topic: If to the through the ID and which the ID, EPSONWEB (You the ID.) the the the Network The to the the The ID and topic: Network Related If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the software the
Where to topic: Network Related ECO Related Network If to technical services, the following (U.S.) or to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or rear of the or the of purchase (such as and of purchase Computer or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase (U.S. or
To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of Poly-silicon TFT active EX3240/VS240 (SVGA) EX5240/EX5250 (XGA) EX7240 (WXGA) EX9200 (WUXGA)
EX5240/EX7240 to Brightness VS340 F=1.58 to length: to EX3240/VS240 F=1.44 length: EX9200 F=1.50 to length: to EX5250 F=1.6 to length: to Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
VS240/VS345 Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light output (ISO light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light output measured with ISO EX3240/EX5240/EX7240 Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO light and white brightness (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO
ratio with Normal and Light EX5240/EX5250 aspect inches to inches EX5240/EX7240 aspect inches to inches Projection rear, ceiling-mounted EX5250 Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO brightness light and white (white light light measured with IDMS white light measured with ISO EX7240 inches to inches EX3240/VS240 inches to inches EX3240/VS240 inches to inches EX9200 inches to inches EX5250 inches to inches
EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 aspect ratio (width-to-height) EX3240/VS240 EX3240/VS240 ratio (Tele-to-Wide) to sound (Normal correction USB USB and USB or or firmware EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 USB topic: Technical Specifications EX7240 EX5240/EX5250 EX5240/EX5250 to (ECO One USB and USB or input, wireless LAN, or firmware EX7240 One USB and USB or input, or firmware
Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 to about hours ECO to about hours inches EX9200 inches
Specifications EX3240/EX5240/EX5250 topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications EX9200 to ECO ECO
Specifications and Specifications Supported Humidity (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the However, includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The the refresh and each EX3240/VS240 to to F to C) to to F to C) to F to C) to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA
Refresh XGA WXGA WXGA+ SXGA SXGA+ SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV EX5240/EX5250 Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++
Refresh SXGA SXGA+ WSXGA+ UXGA WUXGA TV (NTSC) TV (SECAM) TV (PAL) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA+ WXGA++
USB Refresh SXGA SXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+ WUXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV MHL input (EX7240 VGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV EX7240 EX9200 EX7240 topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software.
XP Professional, OS OS Edition, and PC Edition or Service and and Professional, and and and and and Home, and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and and or or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions of to IEC60950-1 A2) FCC Source Software Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to this information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light front of the the bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the of heat, wires, or of the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the outlet where the easily the following when the the with the the the the when the to the when outlets, cords, or to with these fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet and allow to cool cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners, containing or such as thinner, or the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of cover the with or tablecloth. If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
allow of to the the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. or the where to or shock. the where or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C) of or or to F to C) higher Doing and to or the where to
Restriction of the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. try to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to impacts. the of such as candle, or the the or other than the cover. This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from or mouth when the cover. If of or mouth, immediately. the turning off the Turning the with the too high ears. WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this to including and to and reliability.
of to IEC60950-1 A2) this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this topic: Instructions The following the meaning of the the IEC60417 "ON" IEC60417 "OFF" IEC60417 Stand-by ISO7000 IEC60417 To to the To from the To the switch or switch of which of the switched to the stand-by No.0434B, To when using the IEC3864-B3.1 To that the item and should touched without
IEC60417 of shock IEC60417 only IEC60417 Polarity of DC of DC IEC60417 Battery, IEC60417 Positioning of Positioning of To that of shock. ISO3864-B3.6 To To the and (the polarity) of to which DC supply connected. On To instance the or the To the and to the of the the To the and (the polarity) of to which DC. supply connected. To the and to the positioning of the the
IEC60417 Protective earth IEC60417 Earth IEC60417 IEC60417 Direct IEC60417 Class II ISO ISO To which to protection shock of or the of protective earth To earth (ground) where the explicitly required. To the rating that the only; to To the rating that the only; to To the specified Class II to IEC To actions or operations that prohibited. To that to touching of the
FCC the while the To that the item ISO3864 ISO topic: Notices United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician IEC60825-1 To the To of such as shock, the
Source Software WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B) topic: Notices GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools
EPSON One The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and softwareto the software its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the
To this, clear that everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the terms of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the Each as other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole charge to third the of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive
normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: with the which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically distribution, machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and software or, with the information as to the offer to (This allowed and received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of
the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this
If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
to Apply These to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright (C) of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when interactive Copyright (C) of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of Coon>, of
This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.15 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright (C) Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the
Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and softwareto the software its users. This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You it first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free
with library, whether statically or library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the free to software only, the other to non-free of people to of software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that using of the Library. The terms and and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with
and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. Activities other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based
the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or collective based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely
If such only and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: Accompany the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the user the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already received of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the
to distributed include anything that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise permitted, and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and explaining where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the Library.
If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary To apply these the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright (C) of author> This software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the
Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to it to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its accuracy, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and
This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. hereby to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the user responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; that include redistribute the However, as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the arithmetic option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic the that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer
simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which owner of the copyright to the as follows. This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this This released the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This
with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Andreas Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such
to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. users.sourceforge.net March This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software.
to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the would to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0". The "Apache-2.0" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of Apache-2.0 used) terms of of each which of the copyright to the "Apache-2.0" as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the terms and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work.
of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its distribution, then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this
of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of using or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this accepting such obligations, You own and responsibility, of other Contributor, and You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of accepting such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the "printed as the copyright within third-party archives.
Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Worcester, UK. rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or warranties of its including, to, and/or
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. The subdirectory of software from its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the warranties of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without fee granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
Advanced Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the 29K 800-29-29-AMD the USA, or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products E. White TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY
To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C) to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc.
Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the user the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE. that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF
ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft
Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov using Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following
Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS;
OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIT This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the "MIT The "MIT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
of MIT terms of of each which of the copyright to the "MIT as follows. Copyright Foundation and other granted, of charge, to of this software and associated (the "Software"), to the Software without including without the rights to publish, and/or of the Software, and to to whom the Software furnished to to the following The copyright and this included or of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. TOPPERS/JSP This includes the software "TOPPERS/JSP" which the terms and of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP". The "TOPPERS/JSP" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TOPPERS/JSP terms of of each which of the copyright to the "TOPPERS/JSP" as follows. TOPPERS/JSP
Platform Profile Copyright (C) and Laboratory of JAPAN Copyright (C) and Laboratory School of Information JAPAN. The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following of included the this software redistributed which it the of other software, the copyright these of and the following of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, of the following satisfied. The copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The TOPPERS to which the of otherwise. The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. The TOPPERS revised what shown the that to to software TINET This includes the software "TINET" which the and of the copyright to the "TINET".
The "TINET" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of TINET of of each which of the copyright to the "TINET" as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the mentioning or of this software the following acknowledgement: This includes software the University of California, and its Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. TINET and TOPPERS TINET (TCP/IP
Copyright (C) of and National of JAPAN The copyright to which below, or the of the GNU officially announced the Software Foundation, to the reproduction, and redistribution of this software (this software includes alterations, below) without this software the of the copyright these of and the following stipulation of included the this software redistributed which the of other software, the copyright these terms of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution this software redistributed which the of other software, following satisfied. The copyright these of and the following stipulation of accompanying redistribution The copyright and the TOPPERS from responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. This software something that with The copyright and the TOPPERS whatsoever to this software, including the of its the copyright and the TOPPERS bear responsibility whatever directly or indirectly through the of this software. WPA This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the "WPA The "WPA WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of WPA terms of of each which of the copyright to the "WPA as follows. Copyright Jouni and
Rights This the BSD (the with If to the please CONTRIBUTIONS instructions. This software distributed, used, and the terms of BSD Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the above-listed copyright the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. lighttpd This includes the software "lighttpd" which the and of the copyright to the "lighttpd". The "lighttpd" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of lighttpd lighttpd-1.4.35 of of each which of the copyright to the "lighttpd" as follows.
Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE PCRE This includes the software "PCRE" which the and of the copyright to the "PCRE". The "PCRE" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of PCRE of of each which of the copyright to the "PCRE" as follows. PCRE LICENCE PCRE of to whose and as as to those of the
Release of PCRE distributed the of the "BSD" as specified below. The PCRE, the directory, the as the software The written C and included the of C++ wrapper and that to These both optional features that when the built. THE BASIC LIBRARY FUNCTIONS by: University of Computing Service, Copyright University of rights PCRE JUST-IN-TIME COMPILATION SUPPORT by: freemail.hu Copyright(c) rights STACK-LESS JUST-IN-TIME COMPILER by: freemail.hu Copyright(c) rights
THE C++ WRAPPER FUNCTIONS Contributed by: Inc. Copyright Inc. rights THE "BSD" LICENCE Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of the University of the of Inc. the of their to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. FastCGI This includes the software "FastCGI" which the terms and of the copyright to the "FastCGI" The "FastCGI" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
of FastCGI of of each which of the copyright to the "FastCGI" as follows. This FastCGI and (the "Software") and its (the copyrighted Inc The following apply to associated with the Software and explicitly to and this Software and the that existing copyright retained and that this included written or of the authorized to this Software and copyrighted their authors and follow the licensing If to this Software and terms, the terms clearly indicated the first of each where they apply. OPEN MARKET MAKES NO EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL OPEN MARKET BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THIS SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR SIMILAR DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, EVEN IF OPEN MARKET HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED "AS IS". OPEN MARKET HAS NO LIABILITY IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THIS SOFTWARE OR THE DOCUMENTATION. topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation. and and SM and SM service of Inc. and OS of Apple Inc., the U.S. and other countries. TM of Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC.
Copyright Notice Concerning of Copyrighted Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices each to and of the copyright when While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice
Copyright Attribution Inc. CPD-42641R1 topic: Copyright Notice