EX90 Choose location Unpack the You should the following items: Carrying VGA the to or of the shown below. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest and included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. (optional) NOTE You (to the while the and USB to the to the CD-ROM instructions. the the cover. the the cover. CD-ROM The ready (optional) to VGA RCA (included) (optional) EPSON The Choose the If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. Table temporary front Choose from the (included) Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose from the Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below based where the the of the the Turn
EX90 Choose location Unpack the You should the following items: VGA the to or of the shown below. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest and included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. (optional) to VGA RCA (optional) (optional) NOTE You (to the while the and USB to the to the CD-ROM instructions. the Carrying the cover. the the cover. CD-ROM The ready The Choose the If the rear or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. Table temporary front Choose from the (included) (included) Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Rear from the EPSON Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below based where the the of the the Turn
the to or of the shown below. the If than choose the that the The from highest to lowest and included. You purchase optional and through or You to and the to switch them. RCA (optional) (optional) NOTE You (to the while the and USB to the to CD-ROM instructions. the the the cover. the the cover. CD-ROM The ready Carrying VGA EX90 Choose location Unpack the You should the following items: The the If the or overhead to choose the option, below, from the the CD-ROM instructions. temporary front Choose from the (optional) to VGA (included) (included) Professional recommended. Choose from the Rear Choose Rear from the EPSON Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose Rear/Ceiling from the The the and the the of the The below approximately based where the the of the the
the and turn the A/V cover). the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. The light or If connected than the Source Search the or to the to NOTE If appear the the Troubleshooting section Turning off the If using first, while the Press the the or the the The and the light With theres cool-down the and ready to To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the and the to reduce or the If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the and the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the the CD-ROM information about and the EX90 CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Select English Follow the instructions the to NOTE You www.epson.com/webreg. the to (If already follow the on-screen instructions to To the EX90 and Where to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the that with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM and hours of to without Purchase and You purchase carrying and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the A/V cover) the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to watch. (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On or CRT/LCD the the LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and checked. and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-25211
the and cover). A/V the the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. The light or If connected the Source Search than the or to the to watch. NOTE If appear the the section Troubleshooting Turning off the If first, while the Press the the or the the and the The light theres cool-down With the and to To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the and the to reduce or the If or first the facing the squarely. Then, necessary, the and the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the options. the CD-ROM information about and the EX90 CD-ROM If the automatically, the CD-ROM then the Select English Follow the instructions the to NOTE You www.epson.com/webreg. the to (If already follow the on-screen instructions to To the EX90 Where to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the that with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM and hours of to without Purchase and You purchase carrying and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the A/V cover) the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to watch. (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On or CRT/LCD the the and LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and checked. and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-25211
To the the then the foot release and the front of the Release the to the foot the the to the and the to reduce or the If or first the facing the squarely. necessary, the and buttons the the corrected. To the the the repeatedly to through the the CD-ROM information about and the EX90 CD-ROM If the CD-ROM then automatically, the the English Follow the instructions the to NOTE You www.epson.com/webreg. to the (If already follow the on-screen instructions to EX90 the To the and cover). A/V the the to the and the other The light the Turn or Press the the or The the light flashes and the about seconds. The light or If connected the Source Search than the or to the to NOTE If appear the the section Troubleshooting Turning off the If using first, while the Press the the or the the and the The light theres cool-down With the and ready to Where to and to You and and troubleshooting or with to templates, and developing to To the service, and the PIN the that with This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of the following numbers. or charges apply.) U.S.: AM to PM AM to PM and hours of to without Purchase and You purchase carrying and other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca Troubleshooting If If or the turning or the following: the light the and flashing and the A/V cover) the connected correctly. the information.) If connected than to the Source Search the or the to the to watch. (Allow seconds the to If the and the the If the and the function (such as or CRT/LCD that On or CRT/LCD the the and LCD and the or both the to both the LCD and the From the the Click the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If with OS X: From the Apple Preferences then or Select VGA or LCD or and checked. and and of Corporation. of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. Printed XXXXXX CPD-25211