EPSON
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the shorten the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. and and EPSON EPSON and service of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those CPD-13440 Copyright America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice
EPSON or lightweight, offering 3-LCD performance and easy-to-use than pounds and displays of to (EPSON or (EPSON Producing to ANSI (EPSON or ANSI (EPSON bright that easily light enough to You to and such as VCR, DVD player, or You each You through with buttons and the features. You the as wireless and as around the of outputs, from about PC or If VCR or other the the with where the The EPSON SM Technical when and PIN with specialistfast.
If from the CD-ROM. To the to and fast, the that This the information to and Please follow these as through followed to injury. to to Notes information about Reading This EPSON CD-ROM includes of this You to with when the To to the CD-ROM and of the following: Select the and or Double-click the Click the then or the this first
You to through the Click the of the of the to to the topic of choice. the arrow buttons the or the the right of the to through the If text and the to to to related topic. information, More Information about where www.presentersonline.com Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the and services to the and free. the instructions to and connected to or Includes international warranty, EPSON Year Service, CD-ROMs, and EPSON this the and the with SM from the the or the
You to software to Download and to EPSON CD-ROM includes the EPSON CD-ROM that electronically, and includes the of this as as to If this and the the EPSON service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with basic carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the about the carry-in warranty, information about the international warranty, the warranty included who their EPSON offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or usually overnight the To the EPSON CD-ROM that with and products, and services. You through the or or the to or
PS/2 USB with cover You these which the This chapter to and The connected to or such as DVD VCR, or other To the Unpack and the the to or input the the shown: to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, carrying EPSON or something such as instructions. A/V the Soft carrying
the Additional the these To with to VGA To HDTV HDTV from To from Optional To of the EPSON the following optional Product Product carrying ATA carrying ATA Samsonite wheeled shoulder V13H010L16 mount 50-inch 60-inch Theatre 80-inch Theatre ELPKC19 ELPAP01 security ELPSL01 ELPPAS1 Wireless microphone ELPCVSII ELPKS36 ELPKS37 ELPKS24 ELPKS13 ELPMB35 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08
Product Product Distribution ELPDA01 High ELPDC02 Motion ELPDC03 You purchase these from or EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Positioning the The location which choose to the of the and the within this from the to to information these there of around and the the within of grounded or cord, and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing it the squarely. to the the front of the with the back the front of the the and to Then the front of the facing the and the from there. SM the Its to the directly front of the If corner, to the the correctly and
from the the the below as to from the to the exactly match these its whether the correction or the button). from the to the its with the of the about the of the of the This the If to the its to the of the the If from overhead, the mounting the to the with the of the with the top of the to the Advanced
Choosing The to the whether includes sound, and whether to the to Connecting to or the and the Connecting to You the to DVD VCR, player, or another type of You and the and switch the the You the to switch input and other features. To the as wireless to of the Then through from to instructions the Including sound If includes sound, to the built-in the instructions input Connecting to Computer and/or Connecting to Sources If the to or the
with the the Connecting to Follow the instructions these sections the type of to Connecting to PC below Connecting to PC Computer Connecting to Connecting to Computer Connecting to PC To the to or to the If using the as wireless to If using through the to included with the Connecting the off and the of the to the the other of the to or Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions.
Connecting the To the as wireless to the round PS/2 or the USB of the to the PS/2 or the USB the the other to or USB If necessary, to with If to other and instructions. Connecting the If using through to included). of the to the the the other to the headphone or the instructions the as wireless You the USB only originally with or XP. If from or the USB as If or to the instructions.
the If to other and instructions. Connecting to PC To the to PC to the If the as wireless to If using through the to included with the Connecting the off and the from the the back of of the to the the other of the to Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions.
Connecting the To the as wireless to the round PS/2 or the USB of the to the PS/2 Mouse/Com or the USB the the other to the Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions. Connecting the If using through to included). of the to the the the other of the to the or the sound If to other and instructions. the instructions the as wireless You the USB originally with or XP. If from or the USB as If or instructions.
the Connecting to You to that To the to to the If the as wireless to If using through the to included with the Connecting the off and the of the to the the other to Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions.
Connecting the To the as wireless to the USB of the USB to the USB the the other to the USB If to other and instructions. Connecting the If through to included). of the to the the the other to the If to other and instructions. the OS or USB instructions the as wireless If or instructions.
the Connecting to To the to to the If the as wireless to If through the to Connecting the turn off the and Disconnect the from the the back of the Macintosh. of the to the the other of the to the the Tighten the screws the If to other and instructions.
Connecting the To the as wireless to the USB of the USB to the USB the the other to the USB If to other and instructions. Connecting the If through to included). of the to the the the other of the to the the using OS or USB instructions the as wireless If or instructions.
You cant the with the If to other and instructions. Connecting to Sources You DVD player, VCR, or other to You and the and easily switch them. The HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and the Connecting the RCA A/V the and VCR or other turned off. the of the A/V to the yellow the other to the the and white the A/V to the (white) and (red) RCA the and white the other of the to the
Connecting If (as shown with to the right), to higher which included with or purchased from or the and VCR or other turned off. of the the the other the output of the and white the A/V to the (white) and (red) the and white the other of the to the Connecting You to from DVD player or HDTV the RCA A/V (included with and (optional; from EPSON as RCA included) the
If distorted, to aspect Generally, the the the and turned off. the and white the A/V to the (white) and (red) included) RCA the and white the other of the A/V to the the the to the the and the other of the to these or or (red) Select the the (as If connected the to DVD as the If HDTV or DVD as the
Connecting to or PA The enough or or the to or (PA) RCA-to-3.5 which included with sound or purchased from the and or PA turned off. the to the the RCA to the or PA the the and the white the the The internal when
the
If than connected, to switch to the to as the Once connected the to or other (as Chapter ready to turn the the and This chapter covers the following: Turning the and other the and Highlighting the and other Turning On and other and connected correctly, as Chapter Then and turn as below. Follow these to and If first and VCR, DVD or other (If from to To the first of the to the its the
the when the This and If New that found plug-and-play the the other to grounded light the indicating that The the and turned the Press the top of the (You the the the first; The light flashes and then You with the displayed. If from should projected. (If to appear, the section If the (If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other with the as the correctly and to the from overheating.
What To If You If or with the turning or of the following: the connected correctly, as Chapter light and flashing and the the off. If than input to the Source top of the or the or the to the to (Allow seconds the to the restarting If and or If using PC Source Computer, and buttons the
the If OS or You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then and Sound. Click the Click top of the other top of the other. If this option isnt to of the Click the then as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click
If OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these Select Preferences from the Apple Click Click to of the Click To the both and LCD the (If this to there another the
the Click the of the One of the top of the other. Click If PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or and to they as You to and to match of the listed.
Once to To below. To or below. To or the If the isnt If the or Focusing the to the the You using the the or of the the the the To or reduce the the Press the of the to reduce the or the of the to the to If the from of increase the clarity the the This the and (You these the Chapter You the to or farther from the to the the
or of To the the the the the If to of the the and the Press the of the to Press the to To the the the top, or right of the the (Press to to its and off top the Height If too the the the foot release and the front of the This the or the front of the as necessary. right
Once the where release the to the To the height, the clockwise to the and counterclockwise to clockwise to the If the isnt or or of the following: If or the off to of the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. If or the or of the to the of the The corrects to correction, slightly You correction using the instructions. counterclockwise to If the noticeably correction, reduce the Sharpness using the instructions. If the its the section the
You increase clarity the the to the and Turn off and the and You the and the back the the front of the this shortens the operating of the the the Quality You to the Tracking and of these Flashing or or of the displayed Chapter instructions these the the Remote The from anywhere the to You within and of the the front of the You the to the and off, the the and other If connected to the the as wireless to instructions. the Remote The operates the and its You as wireless Follow these to the Press the to release the cover and to
the AA included with the as shown. the cover. the with the Remote the R/C switch the of the to the the front of the or the Press the the function to The light to the the flashes (If flash, the incorrectly or to the instructions.) The to commands these You too or within or of the The R/C switch the right of the the OFF (the off) Bright light, light, or sunlight the (such as heater) and with the light R/C switch batteries, the following as as they and If the with cloth. If them immediately. using the of the
the and cant another with to the built-in Press to the Press to left-click Press to right-click If the functions the and the the the as Wireless the as wireless flexibility; to or the to To the as first and the Chapter instructions. Follow these instructions to as wireless the the or the the front of the To the the the of the with thumb, as to trackball. To click, the of the To the To and the button and then the to To right-click, the To the
and While to switch temporarily off or the or the first and connected or as Chapter Switching Sources You the to and Then the the or to switch them. Press the Source the to switch and Press the or the to the to the the appears. the You the to the the Press the to the the The sound Press the to Select Computer, or the
Turn off and sound Cursor or the Turning the and Sound You the the to turn off the and sound. This temporarily without the of bright To off the the The To turn the back the You the of the displayed while the instructions. Sound the the of or sounds. To increase the the right of the To the the of the Highlighting The highlighting the the buttons the This or to their These Arrow or You the Effect to the highlighting instructions.
the Cursor/Stamp Arrow You the as and anywhere To the the the appears the Press the of the to the wherever To the the the of the button. You then to another around the and wherever To the the the To the the You the and or to highlight To the the the appears the of the Press the top or of the to the or the To the from the the You the and of the the Effect instructions. You the to and instructions. the
If and the received input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the the light If using the the cord. If to the the or the To the or the when the light or flashing the the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. If connected or and through the the first; otherwise to turning off the Press the top of the or the You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes of as the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the the the and the cord. off the If VCR or other off off the Disconnect and the protective off
the You the on-screen to the sound, and other of This chapter covers the following information: the the the sound the highlighting features information Restoring the the These on-screen and the from the the and of the (from or the sound and the highlighting the features such as the and Advanced such as intensity, and or the
the About information about the and and the when the the factory to the You the and buttons the to To the the The the and the options the shown the right. Press the top or of the to or through the and the Press the of the to The highlight to the first option that Press the or the top of the to through the options. Press the right or of the to the If to back to the and then Press the to and back to the Press the to the The of this chapter the
the You of with the The options the which connected to the or or item the displayed or right. the to the the Tracking* from the matching the internal clock to graphic Corrects or the with the the Tracking the Brightness or the Increase brightness to or to the Press the right or of the to the and the the light and areas. Increase the to light and Decrease to the light and areas. Press the right or of the to the and the Color** the of the input Increase the the and the Press the right or of the to the and the Tint** the of the Increasing the the tint. Decreasing strengthens the tint. Press the right or of the to the and the the
item Sharpness the sharpness of the (If correction affects the the Sharpness Press the right or of the to the and the the of Choose distinctly such as charts. Choose Normal to Choose to such as photographs. Selects the input of or Choose RGB Choose YUV Choose DVD Choose HDTV to ON to the the Selects the or PAL to Aspect Selects the aspect ratio or to their factory only when selected as the input when selected as the input when the
the Sound You the to the sound or quality. item the sound from the Press the right or of the to the the sound increasing or the Press the right or of the to the Selects the input Select to choose the input or or exclusively. the to their factory the Highlighting You the to the highlighting as and the Effect item Cursor/Stamp Selects the to as the graphic and Selects the and of the Cursor the to or High the Effect to their factory the
item Corrects trapezoid-shaped, to ratio to Press the right or of the to the and the whether or when received. Prompt whether the displays temporary indicating the input or A/V whether the displays or when the pressed. or which off when hasnt received Press the the or the to the options to their factory You the the to this If the noticeably reduce the Sharpness the Advanced item Selects the the the English, Spanish, Chinese, or Selects the and RGB (red, of the Increasing the cooler whites and warmer whites. Increasing the RGB intensity the and the Rear Mirrors the its appears correctly when from the its top-bottom appears correctly when mount the from the the Advanced to their factory the You the and the Advanced to of
Information The About information about the of and the of hours the used. The options the which connected to the or or About item the of hours the used. the to this when the as Source the currently selected input or the or input the and Polarity* the polarity. the the of the Refresh the refresh of the the input only when selected as the input when selected as the input the The of the approximately hours. If the shown the About to and information.
the Restoring the The the to their factory the and Select and the the to the Select to the or to
of the turn off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service and Transporting the to the clean. or smears the You to the the of the to cool the and from overheating. The only should the and necessary). If other replacing, or service This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the the Transporting the and Transporting the
to alcohol-based the and Transporting the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the To of to the or lightly the with lint-free cloth. To or smears, lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with alcohol-based and the Clean Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with cloth. To or clean the cloth with and using cloth. thinner, or other chemicals. These the
Cleaning the Clean the every hours of or the light top of the red. If the cleaned become with This overheating and the Follow these to the Turn off the cool and the cord. the its back with the upward. To the EPSON recommends and other office If cloth. If the to the You purchase the from or EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U. S. only). please and Transporting the
To the of hours used, the About the cool To the of the assembly. and the the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The light top of the flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and the as as the To V13H010L16 or EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U. S. only). please Follow these to the Turn off the cool and the cord. Allow the to cooling least hour Turn the to the To the cover, the and the cover.
screwdriver to the screws; cant the screws. Then the the notches. the correctly, then the Press and the screws. the as shown and back Follow the instructions Chapter to the About and the counter to and Transporting the the cover securely the light flashes and the the
EPSON incurred and Transporting the Transporting the The and If to please follow these to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the as freight or first carrying (such as EPSON then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the to carrying (such as EPSON
This chapter and with and technical information cant yourself. This chapter to: the the its lights or sound If of the the Where To the On-Screen If while or the top of the or the
The following choices the to with brightness, and the sound with of Selection choose to the information and of the Follow these to Press the You the To the the or top of the Select the or the or top of the the Press the Source the or the of the the to topic. the topic, another or of To the the top of the or the If of the choices the the of this chapter.
Checking the Lights If isnt correctly, first off, to cool, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the They to with operations. Light and action off The Press the to off the that the connected securely both then the to the The You to the or the to the flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The off and the cooling the light flashing and then the to turn the (You cant the or when the light flashing flashing The too Turn off and cool nothing the If to overheat, the instructions. flashing The turned off the overheated. cool then back nothing the If it to overheat, clean the instructions. flashing The cover closed securely or the the cover or the instructions. There internal with the from the outlet and EPSON light light as specifically this to service this yourself.
or Sound appears or the displayed. that the light and flashing and the cover off. If the light the the to Press the The turned Press the the to turn off, necessary. the correctly, as Chapter the selected. Press the Source top of the necessary. restarting You to the to appear both the LCD and the or to switch them. the instructions or instructions. The Not Supported displayed. The with of The isnt This caused the facing the or the to the the to the or and the or of the top of the the squared-up.
of the displayed. If the higher than (EPSON or (EPSON the resized. If the output with this choose as follows: right-click the the and the the group. information. or OS or earlier, choose the Apple and then choose the choose and or another the EPSON or the EPSON OS X, Preferences from the Apple and then the VGA choose the EPSON or the EPSON information, You to existing created them software information. The or of or of the Brightness, Contrast, Sharpness, and/or the If try the Tracking and instructions the should to the the immediately. free to You to to the factory
There or smears the Clean the with cloth. information. automatically. Select and then choose the the the instructions. The or the Tracking and the (or through the It to containing text white background (such as when these the to the correct. instructions using the It to automatically. Select and then choose the the the instructions. The The the and the turning off the LCD or on-screen instructions. The of the right. If the Brightness, Contrast, Color, Tint, and/or the instructions. If displaying the Brightness, and/or the instructions. the and RGB using the option the Advanced as If necessary, to the
the and the necessary. instructions the the About and instructions the There sound. Press the right of the the to the sound. Press the the to this the right selected. Press the Source top of the to the right the or turned the or muted. or instructions. Also, the connected correctly, as the selected the instructions. with the Remote The to commands. the turned The or incorrectly. or them following the instructions the lights, off lights, and the from sunlight. lights, the receiver. Turn off that such as heater. R/C switch
Service Access World From the reach Technical selecting and and technical through Access and You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please within of the and within or of the the front of the If using the as wireless the securely connected to both Where To EPSON technical through services, as the following To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included This the to to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You to of these or charges apply): U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through
please the following information ready: Product (EPSON or Product (located the of the DVD player, and connected of the
Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT) of inch F=1.5, ratio to to Brightness (ANSI) to to Projection to to to to Projection rear, mount) 1W aspect ratio to HDTV, NTSC, PAL, and SECAM correction Supported interface NTSC, NTSC4.43, PAL, PAL-M, PAL-N, PAL60, SECAM, HDTV EPSON ESC/VP Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) About hours V13H010L16 AA Supports PS/2, USB, and ADB Height inches inches inches Rated supply to VAC, to VAC, (non-condensing) to F to C), to F to C) (non-condensing) to RH to RH
United States FCC 15J Class UL1950 DOC SOR/88-475 CSA C22.2 CE Directive 89/336/EEC EN Class EN Directive 73/23/EEC EN Connector Assignments The RGB, GND GND GND GND GND Synchronous GND GND SDA SCL Technical Specifications
PC (RGB) VGACGA VGAEGA VGA60 VGA72 VGA75 VGA85 VGA Text VGA Text SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA1-70 SXGA1-75 SXGA1-85 SXGA2-60 SXGA2-75 SXGA2-85 SXGA3-60 SXGA3-75 SXGA3-85 VESA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 Technical Specifications Compatible The the below. To the refresh thats with the
PC (RGB) (continued) MAC II MAC16 MAC19-60 MAC19-75 MAC21 PC (YUV) HDTV525I (D1) HDTV525P (D2) HDTV750P (D4) HDTV1125I (D3) HDTV1125I (D3) NTSC PAL SECAM others Select or as the Aspect Ratio the instructions. Technical Specifications
Technical Specifications
Notices This chapter includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to with these or fire: the with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. Notices
Notices the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service or covers to and other the or when the and top of heat-producing or location. the from the and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If it normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country.
Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. strong light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based directly from the containing of the Notices
Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: LCD EMP-51/71
FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
Notices Warranty Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of quality. or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS
FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. warranties include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Notices