Information WARNING: the when the turned the bright light the when the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the Instructions Copyright Notice Copyright SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON service and and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those
About the of EPSON with the following This to the and (this This information operation, using the troubleshooting and Used This Procedure Information If covered the the following: from the the or the Download and to EPSON of services hours EPSON service To from EPSON, and the PIN the Technical owners Indicates actions where or to the the followed correctly. Indicates information and things that to Indicates that of the or front of the appears the of terms. the Indicates to accomplish The should the
of the function You the of attaching the EPSON with the and then the the to ON. This such as to the tint. function The selecting the from the following to the used. other necessary. Normal Theatre Brilliant, attractive its the high with high of beautifully clear bright correction function corrected easily. This correctly when the function the from the connected and that the projected. people the the obtained disconnecting and reconnecting the computers. manually. to The accessory operations such as and of
Operations This chapter basic operations such as turning the and off and the Turning On the Connecting the Turning On the and Projecting Turning the the the Focusing the the Correcting Distortion.................................14 Quality..................................15 the EPSON Selecting the of and the Tracking...............................................................18 the
Turning On the to the Instructions Connecting the Procedure the off connected to the the cover. the or to the the to the that the facing the as the the and then the securely the the other of the to grounded the lights The and buttons operated while the flashing
Turning On the and Procedure from flashing to A/V Remote The and buttons operated while the flashing the the appear. If than connected, the or the to while to the following to top right of Computer/ The each [Source] pressed. *The displayed which option selected the If connected, that without buttons pressed. If the the If or with LCD connected to the the immediately. the that the to externally. The following shows of to to the section of the with heading such as Connecting or something NEC IBM the that Mirroring active If the of the become the You should leaving the displayed Turn the connected to the the the to necessary. that the flashing and lights Press the the or the to the the The flashes and flashing and the lights normally about seconds to [Computer] Operations
Turning the Turning the Follow the below to off the Procedure Remote OFF? Please to off flashing and lights the from the while the flashing and reduced operating life. Turn off the the that connected to the Check that the connected turned off. Press the the or the A/V The shown to the appear. If to off the the If button, the seconds. this the off.) Press the once The switch off. The and cool-down The cool-down about seconds. (This factors such as the cool-down the lights The and buttons operated while the flashing lights steadily. the from the
Foot cover the front they Gently the while the foot buttons. the cover. the cover to the when the to and off the Operations
the Screen the You and the to the the The of the basically the from the to the If further required, the the to the Minor to the to ratio of approximately to Procedure Focusing the Turn the to the Procedure The function of the Press the the to the [W] the becomes to the [T] the becomes If the of the or to the correctly. If this clean the If the the of to the If the the
the The should as to the as from from the If to the to the instead. You or the front to the within of While the foot Procedure buttons the front of the that the front the front the obtained, and then release the foot buttons. To the front gently the while the foot buttons. Foot buttons the the the correction function to this If the horizontally, the of the front to the foot Operations
the Correcting Distortion the to appear the This corrected using the correction function, as as the of within of approximately below Procedure correction using the or the The following to the the If the of the If the top of the correction used, the become The correction If the or of the to the correction If the become appearance correction the sharpness If the displayed the the when correction it that the correction exceeded. that the that the
Quality The of the as the following the EPSON the EPSON to the and the EPSON to ON, the to the theater If this when connected and the the appear than the and the EPSON to OFF. Procedure The EPSON should that the notch with the the If the correctly, or of the the of the or the when attaching the If or smears the reduce the clarity of the Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Position Brightness Sharpness Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio Select Select ON and then the the the to the the the the with the notch the and then the Press the the and then EPSON from the this operation, to the Operations
Selecting the The following Which the characteristics of the to You easily the selecting the that to the The brightness of the the select. Application to the If the connected both the and the to Normal Brightness bright their tints, with Theater tints. Brightness emphasized. bright The the Procedure following as the the Normal Theater of and This function the aspect ratio of from to when and or or projected. which recorded or A/V Normal You the using the the The appears the top right of the each the The Normal when input, and Theater when or input.
Procedure the of the from the connected and these the obtained. of the following three items: Tracking and EPSON ON OFF Brightness Advanced About Sharpness Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio Select EPSON ON OFF Brightness Advanced About Sharpness Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio the the to the If the to OFF (the ON), If the the while projected, then Remote ESC If the while the or function used, or while or displayed, the function when the and then the the correctly, the type of the such the commands to the tracking and manually. Press the the and then Aspect Ratio from the this operation, to the Select Press the and buttons to the aspect ratio to or and then the Select Operations
Quality the Tracking Procedure If appear the and this the tracking manually the following Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( ON OFF Select Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF Select the the to the The when tracking Press the the and then Tracking from the this operation, to the [Normal Press the and buttons to the tracking The tracking increases or each pressed.
the Procedure If or interference appear that input from the and this the manually the following Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness RGB YUV( ON OFF Select Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select RGB YUV( ON OFF Select the the to the If the without the tracking first, to the Incorrect tracking noticeable with of with of and to incorrect tracking clearly, to the tracking first. It to and the brightness, sharpness and correction Press the the and then from the this operation, to the [Normal Press the and buttons to the The increases or each pressed. [Normal Operations
Quality
and Functions This chapter the and that when connected. the Advanced About the Functions Connected A/V
the Functions The to of and The hierarchical with that which further other The to the to the the The the other than EPSON and when input. The functions that appear the the type of input the Functions that the input Advanced About Select Function EPSON This the function and off to the to ON, the obtained the EPSON attached to the of the the and Press the and the the that appears. Brightness the brightness. the light and the (Not RGB the the Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Select Select [Theatre Aspect Ratio Select Select [Theatre Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio Select RGB YUV( [Theatre OFF
(Not RGB when or NTSC input.) the tint. Sharpness the sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or You from the surroundings. to the when input.) the Press the and choose the from the selection that appears. when input.) Selects the input to used. Aspect Ratio the aspect ratio EPSON and to their Press the to the and Select to to their If to the the the Advanced to 6500K. Function Normal Brightness bright using their tints, with Theater tints. The and white function operates that and of that or bright, to them to Brightness emphasized. bright to the automatically. Theater and Functions
the Functions Advanced About Select Function EPSON This and off the function automatically to the to ON, the EPSON to the to the the vertically and Press the and the the that appears. Tracking when appear the when or interference appear the and appear when the brightness, sharpness or Brightness brightness. the light and the Sharpness sharpness. Corrects the of the The each type of or Select from the surroundings. to the Selects the input to used. Select RGB when or RGB or off the function ON when the input functions EPSON and to their Press the to the and Select to to their If to the the the Advanced to 6500K. EPSON ON OFF Tracking Brightness Sharpness Select [Normal RGB YUV( ON OFF You the the first, and then the Normal Brightness bright Meeting their tints with Theater tints. Brightness emphasized. bright OFF Normal
the the Selects the input The the type of input RGB and input Computer; input Therefore, input to from the to the input input to the input to the RCA the to their Press the to the and Select to to their Advanced About Corrects correction the become the and background that displays such as when input. to OFF, the background and displayed. Prompt whether the input displayed the when the ON input Advanced About Tone Select Function The individually each input OFF Black Prompt ON OFF ON OFF Prompt A/V Black ON OFF Select Function If the become appearance correction the sharpness and Functions
the Functions Function whether the displayed the when the ON Prompt A/V the appearance of the when the [A/V the Black pressed. the when input. to ON, automatically, and then the cool- the to their Press the to the confirmation and Select to settingsincluding the and their Advanced Advanced About Select Function the displays. Press the and the from the selection that appears. the and of each RGB each input bright within from to bluish If the lower, appear and tones appear If the higher, appear bluish and tones appear Press the and the the that appears. Rear when from OFF to ON, the reversed. when the the to ON, the OFF and reversed. operations the The lights Projection when the the or the Select [English] RGB Rear ON OFF ON OFF RGB the intensity each RGB the Press the (red), or and the the that appears. You the while the the (This item selected selected as the the ON English
Advanced to their Press the to the and Select to including the and to their About The About shows the the The item appears as 0H hours, and that, appears of the operating the warning reached, the characters appear red. the operating this selected, the operating to the Source the input that currently projected. the appear when the input RGB or the input appear when the input or the and appear when the input or SYNC the polarity. Polarity appear when the input or SYNC the attributes. appear when the input or the input appear when the input or Refresh Rate the refresh appear when the input or Function 0H Source Advanced About Select Function Computer/RGB Advanced About Select 0H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate and Functions 0H
the Functions Advanced About Function items to their Press the to the and Select to the the items each The EPSON and to their
the The the Procedure Remote A/V Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio Select Remote ESC Remote ESC Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Aspect Ratio Select Press the the The appears. The consists of and The that to the currently-selected item the yellow) appears. Select Select [Theatre Press the or to to item to selected. Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of The that to the currently- selected item the appears. Select Press the or to to item to selected. The items appearing the and the About the type of input projected. Select Select [Theatre and Functions
the Functions Advanced About EPSON ON OFF Brightness Sharpness Select Aspect Ratio Select items that another to them. If these items and the then the the that appears. to of the of each A/V Press the and buttons to the commands which ON/OFF the and to the and then the [Theatre other items the to to the other items. To to previous the [ESC] button. the Press the button.
Functions Connected This section the functions that to A/V This function the and sound. when to of operations such as selecting while projected. this function when the and sound to played back the and to the where the function activated. Press the [A/V the Procedure The and sound This function the The sound without The to back while and to from the where Press the the Procedure The Remote A/V Remote A/V Pressing the clears and The function while the function used. this the function the Press the [A/V to the and sound of the following of appears, the A/V the To the the or the [ESC] and Functions
Functions Connected This function and reduce of such as or Procedure Remote ESC Shows ratio The selected to of Press the the indicating the the to appear the the to the of the that to or reduced. Press the and buttons the to the pressed, the with the as its pressed, the then reduced. The ratio appear the right of the You around the the and buttons. To the the [ESC]
Troubleshooting This section to and what to the Function..................................34 Trouble (Warning) the
the Function If with the the function to the It of and The the type of Procedure Remote the the sound selection If the the the from the and Select Remote appears the The The the of too too The of the The too The Select If the function to the to or the Press the the The displays. Select the the Select buttons function as the and the the and buttons to ESC Confirm the selection. Press the to the selection of A/V ESC the operations and to through the to items. You the the
Trouble If with the first its The the following to to The following what the and to they (Warning) Warning or High internal (overheating) with the from the outlet and then the to If the Then the and the the or the to the back If the the the from the and or the the International Warranty that with the Stop the the from the and or the the International Warranty Terms that with the The off and about without operating the about the and then the following things: that the and clear, and that the If the the back the to its the the or the to back If the to overheat the things checked, or the when the turned back the the from the and or the the International Warranty Terms that with the If the with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced. that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the flashing Troubleshooting
Trouble or High-speed cooling or (Not The should disconnected when the this Press the to Cool-down (Not Please The cool-down about seconds. Projection (Not Warm-up (Not Please Warm-up seconds. the flashing to steady If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing that appear the previous or the the International Warranty Terms that with the (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) the which well-ventilated, and the and clear. Clean the The button cool-down. Press the cool-down flashing
the If of the following and the offer to the each appear of or of the displayed The right the turned off and then immediately back the turned off cool-down the buttons the and the active? to ON, the off operations while input. The lights this the Press the the or the to the the brightness the Brightness to correctly? Brightness A/V active? Press the [A/V the to A/V the completely input such as completely input? If to OFF, displayed. of the the connected correctly? that that correctly. appears appears appears purplish sound heard The The off Condition appears (nothing appears) cool-down finished. You then the Turn the back To the to OFF. the or re-check the input. the to Black or to displayed. If displayed, to the item indicated. Condition appears appear) Not Supported. displayed. displayed. Troubleshooting
the the input match the connected the [Source] the (or the [Computer] or the to the the the or Turn the If or with LCD screen connected to the to the to the rather than to the the that to the of the from the the correctly? the the cover attached? the cover. the front that the too If the too the of vertically. the the The from the to the within the that the within this the beam to the the that the beam to the the dirty? Clean the the If the from to the of the and this the to appear the EPSON attached correctly? If attached correctly, the appear or of Normally, to the LCD to the to when the externally, they appear the LCD to the section of the with heading such as or Connecting to the with the and of the from the Condition of or distorted) The of the of The whole of interference the front to reduce the of to or the the approximately hour to used. If the off the and the to the and
the correct? If RGB or connected to the the to the that matches the connected If or to the the to the both and Turn off the the that projected. connected? the connected correctly? that that connected correctly. used? If used, interference the Tracking and correctly? (when connected to the selected? the that the that (when connected to with the to the with the the correct? the to the of the the Aspect Ratio selected the Aspect Ratio to the aspect ratio to correctly? Aspect Ratio the function to Press the [ESC] the to the the the to correctly? the selected? the that the that with this to the (when connected to with the the the or with LCD (when connected to the that with the and this If the the to OFF, the the to these If the correctly the function and the the manually the respective Condition too of the displayed) too the that the displayed the whole of the or the to only. Troubleshooting
the the If activated the of the connected (when connected to the about of the the To the whole off to the or to the further the the Brightness to correctly? Brightness the connected correctly? that that connected correctly. the correct? If the to or when connected, the appear purplish. If the command to RGB when connected to the the appear the the to correctly? the correctly? the command to the Advanced the intensity and correctly? (The exactly match the the the or LCD this and of the the nearly the become and the become The from the the EPSON command the to ON. Condition The right If RGB or connected to the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the command to the the to the and Color, this the should with the EPSON the to OFF. EPSON Condition appear
the the nearly the become and the become the the Brightness to Brightness correctly? the EPSON attached to If connecting to the to the the and the EPSON to OFF. EPSON the the to correctly? the correct? If the to or when connected, the appear purplish. If the command to RGB when connected to the the appear the correctly? that the matches the input the input the to the selected? to input. sound from the the the the to the the that the sound A/V active? Press the [A/V the to A/V this the should with Condition appear appear If RGB or connected to the the to the which matches the connected If or connected to the the to the Condition sound heard. Troubleshooting
the the light-emitting facing the light- when operated? the too from the The operating the approximately the within this or light from the light-receiving the the the first the that from the the the battery. the the with the incorrectly? the correctly. The This that the the turned off. The cooling the to off the the cool-down A/V ESC Condition The The operating the approximately and vertically. the within these using the where the light-receiving to light. Condition The off the pressed) The switch off when the from the the cool-down the to steady and then the from the The cool-down about seconds. The the
This information and to the of performance the Instructions Cleaning Cleaning the Cleaning the and EPSON Cleaning the the Battery..................................................................47 the the the Optional of Supported Specifications...................................................54 Safety............................................................................55 Appearance and Rear Base..............................................................................59 Remote Index..................................................................63
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in provided. of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or removing covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the The such as the and The and easily If the the to from and or service to of the or mouth. the the as of when the cover try to the immediately as this serious burns. instructions the
mercury with high internal as the light Mercury when they To or the with while the following: the or to the the as the of the increases. the with as as the The mercury mercury which released when the If the immediately the to the from or with the or mouth. to the while it If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately
This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of the to Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then the with cloth. Cleaning the and EPSON commercially-available low-velocity blower, or cleaning to the and the Cleaning the If the becomes with overheating and the Turn the and to the from the to Instructions this chapter cleaning. such as or thinner to clean the These the to and the off. the or the EPSON with or them to shocks, as they easily become If the to or should The should when the replaced.
This section to the the and the the the Battery the following type of as CR2025 lithium Procedure to Instructions this chapter the battery. Catch the While the catch of the the the and the battery. the of the the to that the the New the the the clicks. of with regulations.
It to the when: The appears the when the (Warning) flashing The or to the displayed. Flashes The warning appears about hours of to the and of the If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The appears about hours of the of each the characteristics of the and the used. operating hours of should ready. to purchase If the and to replaced, there the that the when If the of that the should that the and the cover the cooled sufficiently the cover. It hour the cool-down finished the to cool enough to The appears seconds, and seconds.
Procedure Turn off the the cool-down to and then the cord. The cool-down about seconds. The the the cooled and then the cover from the of the It hour the to cool the cool-down finished. the recess, and then straight to the cover. the fixing screws. the screwdriver that with the or screwdriver to the fixing screws that the to the the the the to and from the If the with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) the the that the to the and then the and the fixing screws. the cover. the from the and then clicks
the The built-in counter that track of the operating the operating reaches the warning to Therefore, the counter to the with You this the Procedure the securely. If the the off as Also, the the or the cover correctly. The should when the replaced. of properly with the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. A/V 1400H Source RGB SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate YES NO the cord, and then the the or the Press the the The displays. Select from the About and then the Select and then the The operating
the Procedure of properly with Turn off the the cool-down to and then the cord. The cool-down about seconds. The the the recess, and then straight to the the the from the and then clicks
Optional EPSON the following optional the This of optional as of of to without Product Product V13H010L19 carrying Samsonite wheeled ATA Samsonite shoulder mount ELPAP01 Wireless microphone High High Motion security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch Distribution ELPDA01 (VGA to ELPKC19 ELPKS24 ELPKS44 ELPKS43 ELPMB38 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPPAS1 ELPCVSII ELPDC02 V12H064020 ELPDC03 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08
of Supported the VGA It to that the with such Aspect ratio Refresh SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) HDTV (D4) (D3) Aspect ratio Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Refresh resized PC98 EGA VGA VGACGA VGAEGA VGA VESA SVGA XGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" NTSC PAL/SECAM HDTV Aspect ratio Aspect ratio
Specifications Product (W) (H) (D) (W) (H) (D) including and Polysilicon TFT active 6-phase writing SVGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP19 (light 1W supply AC, 2.2A AC, 1.0A +5+35C -10+60C Weight Approx. Connectors Computer/Component Black RCA DIN RCA (RS-232C)
USA UL1950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC60950 Edition, EMC USA FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class Community The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, IEC61000-4-5, IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997 Class CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class
Appearance M4X8-3 Units: inches
and Functions the Remote light-receiving from the foot and to the Remote the accessory when cover when the to the from becoming or (Warning) The and flashing) with the Flashes or lights to the operating of the foot and to the Foot Another foot located the right Press both foot when and retracting the front
and Functions Turns the and off. [Source] Switches the input the Computer/ and each the pressed. while displayed, the item that currently selected. to the from other to the from other the RCA this Computer/Component from and from other The from RCA (RS-232C) the to RS-232C This service and should the customer. Press to the while displayed, selects items the the from to This The the Press to the of the projected to the the becomes to the the becomes from or
Rear light-receiving from the this cover when the Security Fixing screw These the fixing screws that to the to items such as the ELPMB38 mount. and other from the the the also. the cord.
and Functions Remote buttons [Computer]: Switches the to the input from the Computer/Component Switches the input from the and the or the the of the that the button. buttons or displayed, these buttons items and the function, these the around the and the button this to to the when to OFF. Remote light-emitting A/V ESC [ESC] the function. the previous or while the and off. Selects the The the of Normal, Theater, and each the pressed. the or the [A/V Momentarily off the and of the without the of the item or displays the or while or
Following of of the this that or that the text of this Further information obtained to other commercially- publications. Aspect ratio The ratio and its HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of which light. If the high, the to bluish If the lower, the to that the and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and that the and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM The and that the to The brightness of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of Cool-down The cooling the the the or the to off the the off, the cooling operating, operations The of which this the cool- The cool-down about seconds. The the sound Normal that that to this and HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition that the following of or or aspect ratio of reception and playback (or Interlaced of whereby the that from to right and then from the top to the of the The and alternately. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the refresh and This function to that of than or than the that they the whole SDTV Definition It to that the of High Definition Security consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security international that that that easily operating (OS) and the
SVGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. that the and to It to that of and C The from If the match this the of quality. The (Synchronization) of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the synchronization. If the such as and interference Tracking The from If the match this the of The of matching the of these (the of the tracking. If correctly, appear the VGA type of with of that IBM computers. XGA type of with of that IBM computers. The that the TV The from the and the The that the high-definition TV (HDTV) The from the and the
Warranty America, Inc. Warranty One-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of year from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers the United States and and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA
Declaration of Conformity EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EM ELP-30 DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers
FCC FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the user to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the