Unpack the with the following items: To through the Remote from to the the the the cover the back of the and AA (included). their the You the to or such as DVD VCR, HDTV or or the specifications the The four of as shown below. and type of included). You to four and the to switch from to the other. the If than choose the that the higher than or the right the to and the enough high to and interference, or using amplifier. to the of the shown below. RCA VGA NOTE Choosing location The to to it front of or or high shelf the other of the Shelf The to with the of the straight to the and then the to the the the back of this offset from to of the The the and the the of the The below shows approximately based where the from to Turn
Unpack the with the following items: To through the Remote from to the the the the the back of the and AA (included). their the You the to or such as DVD VCR, HDTV or or the specifications the The four of as shown below. Each and type of included). You to four and the to switch from to the other. the If than choose the that the higher than or the right the to and the enough high to and interference, or amplifier. to the using of the shown below. RCA VGA NOTE Choosing location The to to front of or or high the other of the Table Shelf The to with the of the straight to the and then the to the the the back of this The the and the the of the The below shows approximately based where the offset from to of the from to Turn
You the to or such as DVD VCR, HDTV or or the the The four of as shown below. Each and type of included). You to four and the to switch from to the other. the If than choose the that the higher than or the right the to and the enough high to and interference, or using amplifier. to the of the shown below. RCA VGA NOTE Unpack the with the following items: To through the Remote from to the the the the cover the back of the and AA (included). their the Choosing location The to to front of or or high the other of the Table Shelf The to with the of the straight to the and then the to the the the back of this offset from to of the The the and the the of the The below shows approximately based where the from to
and the cover. Then the to the and The light light Turn connected the the or the and the On (or the the You hear the light flashes and the to The reaches brightness about seconds. NOTE Turning off the finished the the the The light flashes as the the light steady the the when the light or flashing the If instead of Press the Source the or to the to which connected. NOTE the to the the to reduce or and If the the the to its To the of this the and its the the the angled). NOTE On If the stretched or off, to the aspect Press the Aspect and Normal TV or aspect or or To of the from washed-out, the Press the and then Highlight and then the to the when the the the to the Then the other buttons to the brightness, and as information about the NOTE to and customer-only offers. You the included or www.epson.com/webreg. Right Troubleshooting If the to the troubleshooting appears the the turned (the light and flashing). the cover off. Press the A/V the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. The the correctly, or stretched or Press the Aspect to aspect The the top of the the causing the to become the or to the The the or right The to the the and the to the The the right. the to the Press the the to the the buttons the to the brightness, and Where to Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services technical through services hours Accessories You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-20174 Printed XXX
and turn the cover. Then the to the and The light light Turn connected the the or the and the (or the On the You hear the light flashes and the to The reaches about seconds. NOTE Turning off the finished the the the The light flashes as the cools the light steady the the when the light or flashing the If instead of turned Press the Source the or to the to which connected. NOTE the to the the to reduce or and If the the the to its Right To the of this the and its the the the angled). NOTE On If the stretched or off, to the aspect Press the Aspect and Normal TV or aspect or or To of the from washed-out, the Press the and then Highlight and then the to the when the the the to the Then the other buttons to the brightness, and as information about the NOTE to and customer-only offers. You the included or www.epson.com/webreg. Troubleshooting If the to the troubleshooting appears the the turned (the light and flashing). the off. Press the A/V the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. The the correctly, or stretched or Press the Aspect to aspect The the top of the the causing the to become the or to the The the or right The to the the and the to the The the right. the to the Press the the to the the buttons the to the brightness, and Where to Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services technical through services hours You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. CPD-20174 Printed XXX
the instead of If Source turned Press the the or to the to which connected. NOTE the to the the to reduce or and If the the the to its To the of this the and its the the the angled). NOTE If the stretched or off, to the Normal and Aspect aspect Press the TV or aspect or or To of the from washed-out, and then the Press the and then Highlight to the the when the the the to the Then the other buttons to the brightness, and as information about the NOTE to and customer-only offers. You the included or www.epson.com/webreg. light On and the cover. Then the to the and The light Turn connected the the or the and the (or the On the You hear the light flashes and the to The reaches about seconds. NOTE Turning off the finished using the the the The light flashes as the cools the light steady the the when the light or flashing Troubleshooting If the to the troubleshooting appears the the turned (the light and flashing). the cover off. Press the A/V the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. The the screen correctly, or it stretched or Press the Aspect to aspect The the top of the the causing the to become the or to the The the or right The to the the and the to the The the right. the to the Press the the to the Right the buttons the to the brightness, and Where to Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. Services technical through services hours You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please of Corporation. and and service of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Inc. CPD-20174 Printed XXX