Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM WARNING the when the turned the bright light children the when the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information only with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. and and the 3LCD of Corporation. and and and service of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those America, Inc. Information Copyright Notice CPD-19395
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Welcome easy-to-use that than pounds. The offers to or of brightness. You to of and The correction corrects and the to charge of from anywhere the the action, of the or the as You of to and Microsoft Security To this includes security including and the to the buttons.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM This the information to and Please follow these as through to to to Notes information about hints. More Information where Includes of covering tricks, and The art and sound as as Services to the road. and services to the and free. the instructions to and to or Includes this warranty brochures, and the with from the the or the Download and to
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If this and the the service to fast. and the PIN the of services hours information. and Warranty with basic carry-in warranty as as international warranty that with anywhere the and the warranty included who their offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or usually overnight the brochure To the included and to products, and service.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Unpacking the the the shown below: VGA to the the (or the when to the to another location. If the hand, the carrying information, and instructions. Additional to the To One with or purchase from To from VCR or other You purchase from below. Remote and USB Carrying
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM and the shown from below.) to VGA Optional To of the the following optional Product V13H010L32 V13H134A08 ATA hardshell Samsonite shoulder Universal mount plate Security bracket/cabling mounts security ELPSL01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down ELPAP01 ELPKC19 ELPSV01 Distribution ELPDA01 (ELPDC05) V12H162020 You purchase these from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and Where to To purchase please the SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please ELPKS42 ELPKS35-S ELPKS43 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Welcome
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM and the hether from or to follow to the Follow the this chapter Positioning the Turning the and selecting the Troubleshooting the Turning off the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM You mount the the or and the Positioning the If the isnt already the to front of the as shown. This the front of the the and enough to the to to to as as the and the to the below to increases with the and whether the with other to to to from these the there of around and the the top of that the the the within of grounded or cord. TBD
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Ideally, should the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. The of the should about the of the of the If the below to the front foot. This the to become shaped, the the the information about correcting the instructions the location, such as theater or and the positioning the to MicroSaver anti-theft to the the You purchase this from
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM To the the correctly and from overheating. and the the and other as Then follow the instructions below to the and Turning On the Turn connected or the and the If the first, or of connected to the manually Follow these to the the of the the and the other The light light
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Press the the or top of the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready If connected -based to the New found plug-and-play If prompted to Selecting the Source Selecting the switch input from of connected (such as or DVD player). If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to You the Source buttons the to switch connected to the each The TM and the warning the when the This and To and the If to appear,
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM and the Troubleshooting Follow these displaying You Cant If the trying to the following: the connected correctly, as the light and flashing and the off. If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or Search the to the (Allow seconds the to the button.) If using PC the function that It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while Allow seconds the to the The and Dont the If from and cant the and the follow these If PC On theres function that the LCD and the or both the It CRT/LCD or such as You to the while pressing Allow seconds the to the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If the function to both should to both the LCD and the From the the the the then Advanced The the brand; to then the as and/or or If OS X: You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple Preferences then the VGA or LCD selected. Click the (or the selected. and the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM and the If OS to OS You to to the as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound. Click the top of the other top of the other. If the option isnt to of the Click the Click Select as shown. (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Click Select
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the Once to If the too high or too below. To or If the isnt If displays incorrectly, If to the and/or sound, Chapter the Height of If the too the the front foot to the Press the foot release and the front of the Once the where release the to the foot If necessary, the height or the turning the rear foot. the the to or manually the as and the foot
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM and the Focusing and Turn the the to the Turn the the to reduce or the If the isnt enough, to the farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the or or the the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If distorted, the buttons the or the Correction To when the top or the following: Press of the the as shown below. the with the of the the the or the and From the and the the to the as needed. If the becomes the sharpness and the correction The slightly If to the aspect the to correction, then the to the aspect
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM You this to The only with You the to off the and when received This electricity, the and the of the If to the If using the the cord. To and the Correcting If connected to and the right, the the or the the This the and If the the to the or the information. the finished the follow the to This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To turn off the the the or You (If to off, other
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Press the The turned off and the light flashes about seconds as the cools the cooled, the the light and the off. If to the the light flashing. Then the If the front foot, the foot release to the and the cord. the Direct On Function The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and Highlight On and Press or to The the the and the Turn the off when reduce the life. If when Direct On and the the when the restored.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM and the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM information and to the professional to the includes of to of them the which the from anywhere the to You the to the and sound or as to highlight You to the or as wireless when from This chapter covers: the the and sound with the Highlighting
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If than seconds, the operating to release the operation batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to regulations. the the of the the Follow these the the the front of the or the within of the the bright or sunlight, or the properly. the the as below: Turn the Press the the cover as the cover off. AAA the and as shown. the cover as shown, then
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the and Sound You the to and temporarily off the and sound, the action, the and the Switching Sources If connected to than and/or switch the The to to the Search the (or the Source Search the repeatedly the the On the there four Source buttons. them to switch connected to the each the the appears. the Remote
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM This function the the sound. Also, because the to the action from the the Remote Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This to temporarily redirect To off the the A/V The To the back the You the when the A/V button. You such as the Action You the to the action or To the action and the the the The sound To the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM of You of the the buttons the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the the to the crosshair. the to the selected to While the the to around the Press the to the SC to the to its the To the the or the or You the the the Remote To temporarily off the sound and the A/V
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the Remote You the the to fits the to switch the aspect ratio and This or recorded normally unnecessary, the the to the of the If the the or the displays the the of the (which the or its If the of the the as the the You the the to the of Press the repeatedly to from the following To match the of the displays Blackboard To the white that appear when To increase bright (the when from To the (the when from Theatre To increased To increase when TV or brightly
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM with the Remote If connected to the with USB as the of This when slideshow-style to to the to the and buttons to through slideshow. or to the to the the Press the once to left-click, or to Press the to right-click. To the Then the to the where to release Left-click Right-click the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the Remote Highlighting You to information the If to the choose from three the To the the button the appears the If to of the instructions the section. the the to the the the to clear the the You the appearance of the choosing from three Press the the highlight the highlight and You of the shown the Select the and Highlight and Press to from the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Connecting to Computers and Other his chapter to the to or and/or to such as VCR, DVD or Follow the instructions this chapter Connecting to Connecting sound through the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If based to the New found plug-and-play with DVI to to DVI to VGA included with the to to the VGA If using and cant the to to the as shown from Dont to force to with or of You the or Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting to You the to that including PC and computers, and and To to the Computer/ VGA the instructions below. connecting to the to of the following: USB the as to Connecting to the You to the Computer/Component the VGA that with the (the If the VGA to the Computer/Component and the other to Then to You optional to sound through the or USB to the as
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM finished instructions turning the and the the If or the VGA when to If to the to the VGA to This from To the its as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. the and the to the VGA Then the (with the the Macintosh. Tighten the screws the Connecting to Computers and Other
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM The function correctly that from earlier of the of Right Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting the If connected as this chapter (using the Computer/Component the as wireless This and through slideshow-style such as from to The wireless function with USB XP, 98SE, or or OS to or OS to OS the USB that with the of the to the USB the of the to USB or If necessary, to with USB USB
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Connecting to You to the the to its If Connecting Source If Connecting Source If (three or Connecting Source If RGB or three R/G/B), Connecting RGB Source to to sound through the Connecting to Computers and Other RCA VGA (RGB
Calgary-Quebec AM Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting Source with or purchase from the to the yellow and the the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other or the instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Connecting Source usually with or purchase from the to the and the the If to sound through the instructions If to other or the sheet instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers and Other
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM RGB If the players Also, the the to or Connecting to Computers and Other Connecting Source You or this You this (ELPKC19) from information. or the to and the Computer/Component the VGA If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Connecting RGB Source the VGA with the the to the and the Computer/Component the If to sound through the instructions connecting If to other instructions turning the and the Once the turned the the Search the or the Source Search the repeatedly the appears. Connecting to Computers and Other If the players
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Connecting to Computers and Other Sound Through the You sound through the To sound through the follow these the and to the the If connected to the Computer/ If connected to the or and the included with the the other of the to the connector(s) or
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the the to the sound, and other features. This chapter covers the following information: the the the security and
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the the You the or the to the and Follow these To the the the or the You to the below: The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. the the (or the arrow buttons the to through the highlighted the the to Once selected the the to through the of options. of the options or the selected
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM highlighting the option to the to the to the to sub-screen the Press the or right of the to To from or the to highlight the and the the to and to the (or repeatedly to the You the to Restoring the You the options to the factory- the or the To the the whose to and as (The below shows to the To the to their factory-default the highlight and the ON ON OFF OFF the the and
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the the You the to the brightness, sharpness, tint, and Press the the or and the You the the to highlight the option, then as the and brightness the or the the You each Select from these increased bright (the (the when from with Theatre: with increased increased brightness when or TV bright the of displays. Blackboard the white
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Brightness or the the light and areas. only) the of the only) the of to the or NTSC Sharpness the sharpness of the the to and K. RGB to red, and (Not selected as the Although the normally and the input automatically, the to to the of the projected and or the aspect ratio to Press the and the You to of those below. (The the from.) Computer/RGB the The Brightness the of the LCD You the brightness. Select Brightness the then choose High or (the High You the to the and
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM tracking or the with containing to appear as background. If this option isnt text white background. the the to highlight the option, then as this ON to automatically the Turn off to to the Tracking this to the this the appears or If the slightly off or exactly. Select this and the to If the right the the the type of to the Computer/Component RGB that this using PAL (then PAL60
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM You the to the buttons the and other features. the of the the upward. If or the the Sharpness Automatically when the upward. This when the front (and of the the the information. choose from three information. Brightness from of brightness. The reduces and and the operating life. the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM You the the Its to write If the the Protect Release appear. You only and the the or lowers the of the The EasyMP. the Security To unauthorized of the the following: Assign this to the to user that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed. the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the while the If the the displayed as the and/or Unauthorized off or This to theft and to the should Protection To unauthorized assign the If appear the whenever the and turned If incorrect three the and the disconnected and to redisplay the If incorrect thirty the to the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM The the Protect function OFF Follow these to protection Press the the about seconds. You this to ON Protect to ON the Then Press Select and to the and the the and the to four (The the Then the to the Press the the to the If to the temporarily, and Then the while the to the of hours (from to that the If the to the every turned the to 0H the If the to the the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the The countdown the as as the Protect (You the this to To Protect and Select ON and this the appears whenever turn the the the It appears when the A/V selected the as the Background the of the features the when the Protect function Starting the with the function this when and the the the and the to the four The the deactivated, and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The locked. and the switches to approximately the Then the from the and turn the back
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the Protect Release to the If incorrect the and to If the with the that appears the Protect Release Where To Creating Screen You from or to the and then as You it as the displayed when the or when the A/V The photograph, or other to the displaying the to from or such as DVD player. Then follow these to the and to the Press the the highlight the and Highlight and the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the whether the as the and selection displays the the to the of the to Then the Select this highlight and the arrow buttons to and the as appears, and the or while the the Completed to to the Choosing to the as the You to as the when theres or when the A/V Press the highlight the and Select and Highlight Background and Select and finished, to
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the the function, the buttons the button. Press the highlight the and Select and the Select ON and Select and to the Press the to and You the to the the displays turn or off, and other operations. this to off the of the background or off the as the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If Direct ON the connected, and the when the restored. the Select (to from the front of and right (when the mounted from the Rear (to from or Rear/Ceiling (to from when the mounted from the Direct ON to the when the connected (without the to the off (and received) The 21L this to to the from USB-connected Select from to the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM warning clean of the off and the cord. cover the the cover. the severely. to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to service the to the and the the and of the to cool the The only should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning the and the and Transporting the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM thinner, or other These the the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the the cleaning Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Cleaning the and Clean the and every hours of If they cleaned periodically, they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the the light to flashing, then the cord. Turn the To the and other office If the with (such as paintbrush). If the to or the the as or 800-GO-EPSON to the To V13H134A08. information.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM should the To the the the that the and should to the the and The of the about hours Brightness the to High and hours Brightness to It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the light flashes To brightness and the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt or 800-GO-EPSON V13H010L32. Follow these to the and Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. the cool least hour The immediately
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Turn the Press the and the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and straight Gently the (If easily, facing the right these screws the warning This includes that mercury Please and and the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the Once the its screws. the and the clicks the cover then the the as the section.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the the to the using the Press the the or the You the the the (or the arrow buttons the to highlight then You this Select and You this and finished, or to the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM incurred the the The and Follow these to the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the first hard-shell then firm with cushioning around the optional from
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. The following information included: the on-screen What to when the lights operation with the or sound with the Contacting technical
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM On-Screen If the right or isnt the top of the or the The following choices or appears the with sound Follow these to Press the the or the You the the the or the arrow buttons the to highlight items. Press the the or the to the To the the If of the to the following
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Checking If isnt correctly, first off, to cool (the light flashing and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the What To the Lights The lights top of the the light light to the following of the lights: lights Light The or You or the to turn Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant it back (and should the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information to the light
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM lights Light Flashing There with the or Stop the the and as Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing Its to the instructions. If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the cover securely If thats the the cool, the and as If this the as Flashing off of internal the and as The clogged. Clean or them as If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or as Warning: as specifically this to service this yourself.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM and Other Information the Info to information about the of and the of hours the used. Press the and highlight the Info You the hours and input the right. The of the about hours the Brightness the to High and hours the Brightness to the hours this to the of The If the when the the connected to the and The Disconnect the from the outlet and as The buttons the If the function cant the buttons the using the instead. information about the function. The information the input currently selected.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM with the or Sound appears the that the light flashing, and the off. The or If the light the to the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the Press the A/V the to the turned off temporarily. The attached or screen pressing the If from DVD or other and its connected and with the displayed. the connected correctly, as restarting If connected and or to the Source Search the or of the the to the Allow seconds the to the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If using PC the the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If OS X: Preferences Click the VGA or LCD selected. Click the or the selected. If using OS to From the Apple then and Sound Click the top of the other. This the as as the LCD If this option isnt the Select of the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM The Not Supported displayed. the input selected the UXGA and the the If necessary, as below. of the displayed. Press the the the the information. Press the the Press the the to the function. correct. Ideally, should to match the If this option isnt of the other Right-click the the and OS X: Preferences and OS to On the Apple choose and and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM The isnt keystone-shaped. If the top or of the the or the the If the the from the or right, the the front of the of the facing the squarely. The or If than or the reduced. and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the turn off the LCD the input selected the The There or smears the Clean the as the the the You to the from to the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the and as the section. If the to to the factory
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM of the technologies used, exactly match the or You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or of the characters heavy or Press the the to the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually the as the screen with containing such as to appear as background, or text white background. the Tracking to the to increase the sharpness. The too light or or incorrect. If the option the to the If the and the You try the and the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM the Brightness and the to the The to replaced. instructions. There sound, or the sound enough. Press the the or to increase the A/V (The A/V pressed.) the the If VCR or other the turned the or muted. Also, the connected correctly, as If includes the turned the or muted. If using the securely to both the and headphone or the turned the or to You to this clicking the right of the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM with the Remote The to commands. The correctly or To the batteries, within about of the and within of the front or back (approximately to the or right and or below). the lights and off lights. the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Also, off that such as heater. Where To technical through services hours as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and developing
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Telephone Services To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the of the You purchase carrying or other from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and Where to To purchase please the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
Thursday, AM
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM his the location, such as theater or The four front mounting, or as shown: Rear mounting To from overhead, the optional mounting information. to or Rear/Ceiling as the option of the to the To from the rear, Rear or Rear/Ceiling
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM If mounting the the and to the to the the This the to its You the the function the If the that the of the with the of the the should and to If the than the of the to the to the whole with the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Technical Specifications of TFT active (XGA) Brightness (High Brightness Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness correction Supports USB (type B) the or the
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) hours (High Brightness hours Brightness V13H010L32 Remote AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) Humidity (non-condensing) to RH to RH
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM United States FCC 47CFR 15B Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC Directive 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 DNX ICs this Technical Specifications
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Technical Specifications Refresh Rate XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC19-60 MAC21 NTSC NTSC PAL N-PAL M-PAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV TV480i TV480i SDTV SDTV The resized
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Notices his includes instructions and other information about Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the outlet with the the outlets, cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing This includes that mercury Please and regulations and the the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that Notices
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Notices Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers Inc. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. of Product: EMP-732/740
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM FCC United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the receiving Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes Notices
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Notices Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Covered: Inc. warrants to the purchaser of the with this warranty that the purchased and operated the United States or conforms to the and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty warranty service, of the of purchase. What To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to or Customer its option, or the without charge or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes property. The or or previously refurbished to the of quality, and option, the another of and quality. of the covered the of the covered or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not This warranty apply to refurbished or products. This warranty covers only the United States and 24-hour-per-day and This warranty cover other than This warranty warranty service should the or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than Authorized Servicer. or incurred carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred.
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized Servicer the SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA Notices
Calgary-Quebec Thursday, AM Notices
Foot foot Computer/Component USB Rear foot Remote Security cover section of (right Switch connected to Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Select
Computer/Component Foot foot USB Rear foot section of Security cover (right on-screen Switch connected to Turn and off Turn off and sound Stop action Select on-screen