www.htrgroup.com TW100 Theater
WARNING the when the turned the bright light the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service WARNING The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. EPSON EPSON and EPSON service and of America, Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright Inc. CPD-14232 Printed Information Copyright Notice
C Devices Optional to More Information and Warranty the Turning On Turning On the What To If You Switching Sources. the the Height of Focusing and the Shape. Selecting the Selecting the Aspect Ratio the Tracking and Synchronization Turning the and Sound the Action. the
the the Through the the the Appearance and Clarity the Source Repositioning the Operation. and Recalling Quality Recalling Memory and Other Information. Restoring the the Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the the Transporting the On-Screen What To the Lights with the Remote Where To Telephone Services.
A: Connecting the to Connecting to VGA Source Connecting to DVI Source B: Notices Instructions Information Declaration of Conformity FCC Warranty C C: Technical Specifications Projection Remote Assignments. Compatible ESC/VP21 Commands. Screen and Supported
choosing the EPSON TW100 Theater high-quality front or the relaxing of home. The TW100 offers these features: LCD ratio High of ANSI Short 80-inch with the including front or and mounted Advanced which reduces the caused pull-down matching the second) to FPS) (to optional MicroSaver anti-theft
Supported You the to of the following VCR, DVD DTV HDTV TV, receiver, recorder, or The and and the (HDTV, NTSC, PAL, or SECAM). It connected to or PC, or Apple computers, and The to to other the following section to which required. The with already the or purchase them from EPSON (as and to the below to which To RCA (One usually with To (One usually with To from DVD or other If to than To VGA to the VGA To with DVI interface, interface
and the shown to VGA You purchase of these from EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Optional Accessories EPSON the following optional the Product Product and V13H010L17 Customized carrying Samsonite wheeled ATA ATA Soft shoulder mount plate Distribution ELPDA01 security ELPSL01 ELPPAS1 Wireless microphone ELPCVSII High Motion High 50-inch 60-inch Theatre 80-inch Theatre ELPKS35 ELPKS40 ELPKS41 ELPKS13 ELPMB36 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPDC02 ELPDC03 ELPDC04 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 Welcome
Welcome Product Product (includes ELPAP01 and (VGA to ELPKC19 DVI to DVI, DVI to DFP, DVI to to The easy to the and to the If connected to the the buttons to switch from to the Press the to the Choose from Theater, PC, or SRGB. The Aspect from aspect to match the (Normal, Normal through, through). Additionally, the to the (including sharpness, reduction and the motion Once the them, them assigning them to of the memory buttons. ELPKC20 ELPKC21 V12H005C25
owners includes warranty information, and this the to the to such as DVD or VCR. (If connecting the to this instructions.) This the other information to Please follow these as through the to injury. to to Notes information about More Information If covered the the following: Press the the or the to while the Download and to EPSON EPSON service This service PIN which included owners To from EPSON, and the PIN the owners If to repaired, EPSON overnight service of the U.S. and You of services hours information.
and Warranty with carry-in warranty as as international warranty; with anywhere the the warranty included owners EPSON offers SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, EPSON anywhere the United States or overnight the owners To the included owners and to EPSON. products, and service.
the ollow the instructions this chapter to: Turn the and other Switch the Turn off the and sound the action the the
the Turning On and other and connected correctly, as the or A. Then and other as below. Turning On the the turned off the and connected to the cover. of the to the the back of the the other to grounded
Turn the switch the back of the The light top of the flashes and then Turn the to connected to the Press the the or the top of the The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light and with the displayed. This the when the This and The to buttons the or while the light flashing or the
the Press the to necessary). If connected than and/or to Press the Source the or of the the Switching Sources information.) If from and New that found plug-and-play If the or reversed, to the Projection option the If to appear, the section Once to instructions focusing and other ready to off the follow the What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the light and flashing and the cover off. the correctly, as the (or A, computers). than connected to the of the buttons the If connected restarting If to to the as as the LCD as
Switching Sources If connected to than the the or to switch the On the the Source to the currently selected Press to switch. the the of the displayed the Source On the of the to the Press this To the connected to this or D-RGB D-RGB DVI-I A-RGB A-RGB DVI the the appears. buttons the
the the Once to If the too high or too as below. To or If the isnt To To the aspect If the or the of The should as to the as If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the This the foot. Once the where release the to the foot Foot release
If to straighten the the round foot the back of the If the Focusing and The of the the and the the to or reduce the the to the To the should from the and Projection You the (as the
You (as the section) or through the the the If the the front or the back, this: projected or of the shown below. To this, the the and the top or the corners of the correction, slightly The the memory, the of the might to the as If the becomes or correction, the Sharpness the as
You or to the and the light and shades. Follow these Press the the or the You the Crosshatch the the as as they If to the the and the top or as Press the to the this to the and light shades. Follow the instructions to the and choose the option. Then or RGB information.) the the the to the and the to the
You the through the the Selecting the You from to the with and intensity Theater when or with their PC brightest that to the If the connected both the and the to To the the the appears the Remote
Selecting the Aspect Ratio The aspect ratio the and its aspect ratio of and HDTV aspect ratio of If the displays its If choose the Press the Aspect the or the to of the following aspect The appears the each the ratio Normal input through displayed TV through the through Normal the aspect ratio of the and the projected, appear the this the If TV the (as shown the when selected the the correctly their using the they elongated Normal the
top and resized to Through displayed input through Through input through the the top and amount and then If the input or the projected with the unchanged. The of the the input If the input or the input elongated and the aspect ratio of The of the displayed the input
the Tracking and Synchronization If from and that of (such as the text of or or or of the characters heavy or You increase the clarity the the This the and If further the manually the Tracking and options the Incorrect tracking Incorrect Turning the and Sound You the the to and off the sound. This the To off the and sound, the The To the and sound back If the to though cant or hear the to the playback the You the instead of or the EPSON the whenever the the
If the option the the off the input the selected amount of or information. the the Action If to temporarily the action the the the This the the the the and input while the when the to the playback where the finished the follow the recommended to This the of the and protects the from overheating. Turn off or connected to the first. To off the the the or You OFF? Please to off. If to off, other or the (It about seconds respond.)
Press the The turned off and the light flashes or as the the cooled, the light and the off. Flashes If to the the light flashing. Then the If the of off the switch the back of the the information.) the cover. off the switch while the cooling This with the operation. To the or the when the light or flashing the
the
the the on-screen to the quality, and other features. You the the to or to the the projected. This chapter covers the following information: the the and recalling and other information Restoring the the
the the The and features: The the and of the It offers to the (including the and white and the sharpness of the The Advanced from to motion turn reduction, and the input With the the the choose the (front, rear, the and the The About information about and or The the factory the You the buttons the or to the and Follow the below when using the If to the to of the the
Through the Press the the or the You the Advanced About The the and the options the highlighted shown the right. Press the or the or or the Select the to through the the highlighted, the Select to The highlight to the first option that Press the or the or or the Select the to through the of (If or isnt connected, options options Black White Sharpness RGB Memory Select Select the The options appearing the and About the input projected.
If to the and the Select Then choose and Select If seconds while the displayed, turned off automatically. the the or or right or the Select to the the selected option. indicated light, while If option the to Press the to to the automatically. Press or the to the the Follow these to the using the Press the Select the or the You the Black Press the or the or or the Select the the to appears the the or or right or the Select to the
and to other the Press to finish, the or to off the the Appearance The and Advanced of to the to the and The options the which connected to the or RGB), or DVI RGB). Advanced About Select DVI Black White Advanced Sharpness About Memory Select or Black White Sharpness Select Tracking RGB Memory Select RGB Black White Advanced Sharpness About Memory Select the You the the as Select RGB
the and Clarity Follow these to the and the using the Press the You the Press the to the the or the or the Select the to the following options: Black the of without affecting the white Increase the to Decrease the to White the brightness of light without affecting the Increase the to light brighter and increase Decrease the to light and reduce Sharpness the sharpness of the only) the or of the (NTSC only) the of to the Corrects the of You from the following and each and/or with and Theater: with of with
PC: as bright as To the displays (the when from with only) from matching the internal clock to the only) Corrects the with the tracking from the the of the Select to 5000K and 10000K and the Select RGB to red, and as shown. (This option selected as the the correctly, or the Source the Advanced to the the input this the of the the the motion and the reduction Press the to the the
the Press the the or the Select the to highlight the Advanced and the Select You these Advanced About Select the or buttons the or the Select the to the following and only) The whether the input or to this option to the and the pull-down function. Turn OFF to switch from the to (IP) when with of when the input FPS Motion and only) this option to the amount of motion Select or to reduce and this such as sports, choose higher or to smoother with Select Motion Reduction OFF NR1 NR2 Select Select
Reduction and only) Turn this NR1 or NR2 to reduce to the This when text and combined, as with If from DVD this should off because relatively free from interference. Repositioning the or only) this to the input N-PAL or the input to and only) the the connected to the Select DVD or DVD or HDTV the the to the If the RGB. Select DVD or DVD or HDTV or and If the with input that this to the and or the that with the input information. finished, or the
If repositioned the or the the the to the the Repositioning the Follow these to the to the Press the to the Select the Advanced Select the option. You positioning the or the or the Select the the to the right, or the the to Operation You the to the and front or and other features. Follow these Press the to the Press the the or the Select the to highlight the and the Select button. You these Advanced About Select Black OFF ON OFF Black OFF Select English Select
the or buttons the or the Select the to the following Corrects of the This the If the the the Sharpness Selects or to when the (The displays the EPSON Screen Turn this option to the EPSON whenever the Selects the to or when the (The displays the EPSON the off the input the amount of or The OFF Selects the as follows: front of the front of the mounted from the Rear the Rear/Ceiling the mounted from the from to the finished, or the
the and Recalling Quality You the or and then them the Memory the This than input with the the each and them when necessary. You the the and Advanced as as the aspect ratio Follow these to the Press the to the the the and Advanced Select Memory from the Advanced About Press the or or right or the Select to choose the memory to this of These to through the Press the Select to the memory Press or to Black White Sharpness Select RGB Memory
Recalling Memory to memory of the memory the This the to the currently the and Other Information the About to information about the of input and the of hours the used. Press the to the Press the the or the the to highlight the About If the connected to these 0H Advanced About Select Source the
the If the connected to these Advanced About Select The of the about hours. If the shown to the to the the and the Restoring the The option the to their Advanced About Select Select and the Select to the Select to the or to Then 0H Source SYNC Polarity SYNC Refresh Rate
warning of the off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. try to service this yourself, as this other servicing to service the to the clean. or smears the You to the to overheating. The should the and If other replacing, or servicer. This chapter covers the following: Cleaning the Cleaning the Cleaning and the the the Transporting the the
the with The of the should cleaned technician every years to that or service the Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the Cleaning the the first off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the Cleaning and the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned it become with This overheating and the To the follow these Turn off the and allow to cool Turn off the switch the back of the the cord. the with the top to and from
To clean the EPSON recommends and other office If the (such as If the to or the or EPSON the United States to If to the the to the the the included. You should the when the
when the the that the and should with If mounted the should the This to the and the chance of from the warning the cool If the the shards to injury. the To first the then clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The light or flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To brightness and quality, the as as or EPSON the United States V13H010L17 to the the then follow these Turn off the and to cool the light flashing). Turn off the switch the back of the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour
screwdriver to the and the cover. Then and the screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown and straight the the of the assembly. Touching the
warning The mercury. Please and regulations and the Gently the and its screws. To the cover, the and then the cover (The the cover the to the as the section. the Press the the or the Select the About Select You this
Select and Select finished, or The the least hours. the If to the while, the following: the and of the within the recommended the to F to C] and to humidity). the its or (as the following section). the cover and the the from the Transporting the The and If to follow these to to the the repairs, the If the of cushioning around the the of and that the the first carrying (such as optional EPSON then firm cushioning around the hand-carrying the the carrying the EPSON incurred
the
his chapter with and to technical cant yourself. This chapter the on-screen What to when the lights with the with the Contacting technical
On-Screen Follow these to the on-screen Press the the or the You the the selection If the the the from the outlet and Select Choose the option and the Select You the such appears the The The The displayed the off/ too too The of the The too The Highlight the and Select
Highlight this choice Then the Select button. Press the to back If the to of the the or the or the the to To the If of the to the following What To the Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light If the correctly, first off, cool, and Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the and the recommended the following The light flashing and the The cooling the light off and then the to the
warning as specifically this to service the yourself. The light the connected securely both the outlet and the If the the cover securely The warning light or flashing red. the as The light flashing The ready. The light flashing The too and high-speed cooling the F C) and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as The light red. The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C) and there of around and the The clogged. Clean or as If the to overheat clean the the caused to the cooling or EPSON to the following of the lights and their
lights Light The You the to or off the switch the back of the to off. flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. flashing The cooling You cant back (and should off the switch the back or the light flashing and flashing flashing flashing The flashing The too and cooling the surrounding the C) and there of around and Clean the necessary. instructions. flashing flashing off of the and The as The overheating, which off the automatically. then back there of around and the If to overheat, to the instructions. The cooled properly. The switch turned off the cooled the it used, and then the turned back Turn off the and when the off the switch. another then the back There with the cooling or Turn off the and
appears the that the light flashing, and the cover off. The (or If the light the to the the the If the switched off and then the cooling the light flashing and then the the switch the back of the turned the the Press the to the turned off temporarily. connected to the turned off. The attached or the the the option the If to OFF nothing the You with the displayed. If than connected to the the Source the or of the buttons the to the input Allow seconds the to the the connected correctly, as the (or A, computers). the input turned
the the or options the Advanced to they the input If using PC Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or If using with OS or From the Apple then and Sound. Click the and then top of the other. Click top of the other If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the the (Allow seconds the to the selection.)
If using with OS X: Select Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this another Click the of the One of the top of the other. Click Click
The or reversed. the the Projection option the The Not Supported displayed. SXGA Also, the the If necessary, as below. the the or options the Advanced to they the input of the or the too too or compressed. selecting aspect ratio pressing the Aspect the the the information. If using its or of the Right-click the the and On the Apple choose then and Sound Select You to existing created them software information.
The isnt trapezoid-shaped. If the the foot, the the top. If the base. To this, the the and the top or the corners of the The or If from or input the Reduction the Advanced to reduce the or options the Advanced correct. If than or the reduced. Also, and from the as as to interference. The the and the If the when the displayed and the off the LCD The There or smears the Clean the as the using the or the the the You to the from to
the Sharpness the should to the the immediately. If from to the tracking and as the section. If the to to the factory the input matches the connected the the and options the Advanced information.) If connected to the the selected. You or the trying the the previous section. If from and that of or or or of the characters heavy or Press the the This the tracking and If further the Tracking and manually using the as The of the right. Select the the or or selecting the option the To increase or reduce try the Black and White the If the or the the with the option the of the used, exactly match the or
the input matches the connected the the and options the Advanced information.) If the input its to the If the the become You to the with the The to commands. within of the and within of the front or back (approximately to or right and or below). The correctly or the the lights and off the sunlight. lights, the receivers. Turn off that such as heater.
Where To EPSON technical through services hours as the following Service Access World From the reach selecting troubleshooting information, and technical through Access and Telephone Services To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON included owners This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product (EPSON TW100) Product (located the of the of the
You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please
A: Connecting the to his to or PC or to the VGA or DVI interface. the Connecting to VGA Source You the to that including PC and computers, and this optional VGA and the turned off. If connecting to the from the the back of the of the to the A: Connecting the to
You purchase from EPSON; A: Connecting the to the other of the to If using and the to the To the its cover as shown and its DIP switches to the to such as 16-inch instructions. Tighten the screws the ready to and turn instructions. to the the the (as to the cover and the to the of the Then the (with the the Macintosh.
Connecting to DVI Source The DVI Interface) directly from This the of clarity than using VGA of the optional DVI Follow these and the turned off. If to the from the the back of the of the DVI to the DVI the other of the to the screws the ready to and instructions. to the the the (as to A: Connecting the to DVI
A: Connecting the to
B: Notices his chapter includes instructions and other information about EPSON Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the or the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily fiche the three-wire grounding-type properly grounded If to the with the following the to comply with these or fire: the with the the cords, or This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in B: Notices
B: Notices of through the of the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other the or when the and/or top of heat-producing or location. the from the and servicing to service the following the or or frayed. If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service. If or the housing If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to F to C). Doing and to the of the of to F to C) or sunlight of Doing to the The such as the and The and easily If the the to from and or service to of the or mouth. the the as of when the cover to the immediately as this serious burns. Follow the instructions to the
mercury with high internal as the light Mercury when they To or the with while the following: the or to the the as the of the increases. the with as as the The mercury mercury which released when the If the immediately the to the from or with the or mouth. to the while If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately Please and of the and B: Notices
B: Notices Remote Information You the line-of-sight (IR) the front and of the The to commands the following There the IR and the IR the light too bright. of lighting used. light the IR receiver. Other that such as heater, the These commonly the following: The them. the lighting and/or turn off lights. coverings and/or the of sunlight. Turn off other that If the properly, computer-based directly from the containing of the
Declaration of Conformity According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA Telephone: responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. EPSON of Product: EMP-TW100 B: Notices
B: Notices FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes
Warranty America, Inc. Warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty What Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first user of the EPSON with this warranty that the purchased and the United States or conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the of purchase that the warranty What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty service, please the securely its or with of the of purchase, to EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The or or previously repaired to the EPSON of or products or the warranty of the covered this warranty. each the warranty stated What This Warranty Not Cover This warranty covers the United States and 24-hour-per-day and This warranty cover other than EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating or or should the to properly or to function properly as of installation, caused such as fire, and software interaction with products, or service other than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or service, incurred. THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS B: Notices
B: Notices FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. include both and allow warranty and allow the or of or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON SM PIN or the U.S. and or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA
C C: Technical Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inches F=1.74 to to Brightness (ANSI) aspect ratio ratio to inches Projection to to rear, mount) ratio correction correction ratio C: Technical Specifications C
C: Technical Specifications Projection UHE High Efficiency) About hours V13H010L17 Remote AA Height inches inches inches Rated AC supply to VAC, 2.7A to VAC,
to F to C) to F to C) to RH, United States FCC 15J Class UL1950 DOC SOR/88-475 CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN Assignments The RGB, its assignments: Synchronous GND GND GND SDA GND GND GND SCL GND to RH, Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following noted below, resized to of the the of allow to correctly; Refresh Rate DVI PC98 VGAEGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385
Refresh Rate DVI VGA SVGA XGA MAC II MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 TV480i TV575i SDTV575P NTSC4.43 PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM The resized that displays of the C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications ESC/VP21 Commands the ready the command the If terminates with and then the The of commands through the Item Command ON PWR ON ON/OFF OFF PWR OFF SOURCE selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE ON MUTE ON ON/OFF OFF MUTE OFF Black BSEL selection BSEL BSEL
Screen and Projection The the and the the basic of the as shown below. other as those with the Aspect and buttonalso the of the the the should C: Technical Specifications
SDTV (when SDTV (when SDTV (when SDTV (when HDTV aspect) aspect) HDTV aspect) aspect) TV (NTSC) (when TV (PAL, SECAM) (when C: Technical Specifications Supported Normal Through Through aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) Normal Through Through aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) Aspect Aspect
RGB PC98 EGA VGA SDTV (when VESA (when SVGA XGA (when QVGA (when SXGA (when MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 MAC21 SDTV (when SDTV (when SDTV (when HDTV HDTV These with both and This that with VGA Aspect Normal Through (when (when C: Technical Specifications
C: Technical Specifications