Z8050WNL Network
Introduction This chapter information functions that allow to effectively
Also, to the USB memory or computers. the If the connected to the shared or from the You from connected to to of PC and them around, information securely or without the from the that preparation/Information security and the functions Smooth protected. Effective of The following functions and and effective and Effective of the software from the "EPSON Software You and connecting the Meeting CD-ROM to EasyMP to Network Projection. Network Projection. Network Network Projection) Distribution function Switching function This to the and and OS function without software. You the Network function and the Network Projection function and
Effective of and the from Location The following collectively and the and from SNMP the
the Software the following OS, authority to NT4.0 You the software the effectively the "EPSON Software Meeting CD-ROM. the software the the Software network and or whether or the network about the of the that the installation. XP collectively Software that the of connected to the Operation You the following software the "EPSON Software the and and those You Software to Meeting CD-ROM. Network Projection Software The Network Projection software that backward-compatible with existing To and Network Projection software as the EMP NS software CD-ROM updated features and EMP NS users this The software that information EMP and First of EMP and as the installation, the This Then software CD-ROM features. To the with EMP the following installation. the following OS, authority to Network Projection. the each software from "Software the XP Procedure
the Software C Double-click the the EPSON the "EPSON Software CD-ROM the The automatically. Turn Select and the type the only) CD-ROM followed and then OK Click to the Uninstalling Custom To software and individually, To the which the software displayed, C Click Select or or and then Network From Applications the EasyMP Network Projection the displayed, To to EPSON the EPSON If to Click to the installation. displayed, "OK". the to and then with computers. the "EPSON Software CD-ROM the Turn
Connecting with Network Projection This section to the and the and the from with the
Network Projection to each to The and their without Switching function this function. Network Projection Summary You and the following EasyMP Network Projection Summary There of and the Network Projection. Functions of the Network Projection when the This function connecting to Wired LAN, the to If the optional Wireless the Advanced and to the wireless LAN the with LAN to existing Advanced You from to four from allowing to such as spreadsheets as to four the The displayed Distribution function
Network Projection the to connected. Network Projection Summary You to to the first when the optional the (If already to To the optional Wireless connected to the creating and the temporarily assigns the SSID to when the optional Wireless the disconnecting. To "Advanced the Wired or LAN computer's the and information. the and the locations. This easily without and You easily to and from the without network Network Projection the and with the Select and the router necessary. the following to the to and Network Projection. connecting
to to as shown the following when the the to network the the software with the LAN information the software, the with LAN or the the the and the the or the
Connecting to Network and the following otherwise noted, used. You the when Macintosh. the Connecting to Network and Projecting Select (or EPSON Network Projection. Network Procedure the and the connecting, the to such as Press the the to the Procedure the when the optional as the To the selected, the The "Advanced or (only The search displayed. tions. the Then "OK". Double-click the Applications of the which Network and then ble-click the Network Press the LAN the Remote The following LAN displayed.
Connecting to Network and Projecting nection. the the You to four connected to the If the to to the search search the The search about The following Network Projection displayed the the the the C Select the to to, and then and and to the to "On" from the displayed the LAN and then "OK". the displayed. the the You this to the and the the seconds. Network Projection from the to The that currently connected disconnected, and the then connected with the that trying to from another such as when
the the Network Projection to the following The operation of each or item the following the the Advanced Advanced search the that the connected to. search Advanced search based specified IP or search the based the SSID. search search the based the SSID selected from
the If there and this to the Network Troubleshooting Troubleshooting The following the of the Select connecting. C You options such as the when Network Projection. options with displayed. to the selected from the search options Select connecting. connected and the currently connected. another which already selected. connected. the of search the as IP (Advanced only) search The IP displayed. the Clear The the and You closing the search Displayed when found as of search or with the SSID. Not found. Displayed while search or Searching Currently another Select the (when selected). You search the using Profile the SSID only) Profile the to other while connected to the selected The displayed. the intensity increases, the of Indicators. only) only) The SSID displayed. Updates and intensity. the to the function. this selected, and displayed the of the
the Click to the operated from the when when displayed, and projecting from using the function or The below the ALL that of the connected shows the that The displayed the Network Projection and with the You this to and the the to the following Click the of the that Indicates the of allocated This Indicates the of the C from the Select the to while connected to the Stop
the Screen Switch PC and Switch While the connected to the the functions from the Releases or to the following Click while connecting to the Each this clicked, switches The function as the the information. The Source Computer, BNC, DVI-D and LAN each click. Switch PC A/V The Source switch to the input there and HDMI each click. The connected to the Switch
the Screen The switched as follows. The as switched Switch Click the displays to each to to with the full-screen. Click the Normal performance the of Used to immediately back options the increases, This when the the of Disconnects the to the
Network Functions This chapter those functions that or such as the function which allows to to from
Projecting the when the displays This when to to with the Macintosh. If necessary, the to the Click the Procedure while to the the displayed. Press the the to C Click the
from Select the to to playback the The appears. and "OK". smoothly than when directly to from PC. Projecting from C Click "Select It to apply to than the and the reception, the or only. Supported Highest MPEG-2 The the following WMV8 Recording Quality to which DRM Rights projected. WMV9 The selection displayed. the Click the Procedure
from back the Select the to back and then back from the of the that back from the of the back. back. Stop Next the it to repeatedly Repeatedly back the there back of those Click to If Select the The reappears. The selected displayed the selection. and the from the to the the where to back. Head
connected to the to the function. While the following to With the and each the This function allows to from that connected to the operation relates to the the physically connected with or to the specifications. of of C
of that to or from to right the the of the of
The EPSON displayed. the then (or "EPSON "Add-Remove EPSON Procedure Procedure the Function to four this to used. displays, Select the to of the displays selected. as displays as necessary. the to projected, and then the to the to the necessary. both and Macintosh, the the as Allocating the to the C Click "OK". This section the to that connected through the and then projection. Projecting the the OK the the At this it the to the EPSON to the Those users below to this and should to the Those who displays Those with computers. Network Projection. the only)
C Select the displays and The procedures Network Projection, the of the below. the the SSID the and the the The Wireless LAN the and each the You the SSID and Wireless LAN the from the Network the information. the following Network when connecting Wireless LAN. If the following correctly, used. Procedure and the of the when the optional lected as the the To the selected, If the "Advanced or (only The search displayed. the Then "OK". Network Projection" to Select (or "EPSON Network Projection.
the and where the the while the the the assigned to the terminals to the right. those of the physical Click The displayed. Click the connected as secondary the that projected. the the of the secondary other than the displayed the the and that the type shown other than "secondary".
C Select the the arranged, connected as the below. Screen the following. Click the "OK" The and the of the Click Applications of the which Network Projection. Double-click the the Network Projection Network Projection and then Next, the to when the optional lected as the To the selected, the If the "Advanced or The search displayed. tions. the Then "OK". The displayed.
the and where Click Allocating the to Projected the Displays". This section the the and the to Procedure
the to the right the appears the while the to the the appears the the right. and where the to projected. Select the of the to the and which to from which Procedure This section the Projecting the Allocated
the the of the such that To mouse-based operations the while the the appears the Click C To terminate "Disconnect" the clear the the the such that the the of the there when of the location of the EPSON that the the the of the To EPSON To clear the following. You each information. The allocated to each projected. the to the To the the
Connecting to This chapter to to Wired LAN or wireless LAN existing
Connecting to to connected the DNS the found. search that You however, and to The IP input directly. Also, the this only searches the as the Therefore, search Advanced IP or and search. Connecting to as follows: SSID. there of the search field Once search and then that Profile whenever to search the search as Profile with easy-to-remember If search to the as follows. Network selection You specify the Search" the Proceed as the of the Performing search based Profile SSID. If there wireless LAN or the whether there that with the the optional the and the connected to LAN both and whether to On. whether selected.
the IP or the the to to, and "OK". Searching Specifying the IP and Advanced only) the following otherwise noted, Searching Specifying the IP and Advanced only) You when using Macintosh. used. the identified, that that to specify the every that the search as The search displayed the Network tor, and then to search. tion selection Click search" the Network Projection selection Procedure
Performing Search with Profile Profiles search Profile the IP or creating specifying the each search, there to of Profiles each where and them Profile containing of the information to You search as such as the its IP and SSID. with the found Performing Search with Profile to previously the following section. the the Network selection the Procedure The the displayed. Building Building Building C C Building This section to and Profile.
Performing Search with Profile Profile and then to the following section. If prompted to as If created the following displayed. the Profile whether To Profile with information the and selecting the You search specifying the Profile created. Searching Specifying Profile
Performing Search with Profile You the and the hierarchical of the Profile Click "Profile" the Network Projection Profile If Profile selection Procedure Click options" the Network Projection The options displayed. Procedure Click The displayed. From the that displayed, the to to. the identified, that The search displayed the Network tor, and then to establish tion selection
Performing Search with Profile Function Item Profile C the the the as the with the You the The Profile Copy the or the You to characters the You the and You the Profile and the You You Profile, as as and Used when to and Function Item Information selected You the information the selected information the You the information the and the Click "OK". IP Indicates Profile. Indicates Profile the of the Profile or the creating You You the You Profile Function Item
the Network Projection You options such as the when Network
each item from the and the performance options Item options from the Network You options such as the when Network Projection options Click options" the Network Projection Procedure clear this the back Select this when to smoothly. only and full-screen Confirm the of the items the OK the to the options each of the items. The options displayed. to Encrypt and intercepted, decrypted. Encrypt cations this
options performance tion tion displayed when Network Projection whether or the Clear this once Search with the when Network Select from the following search Projection started. Search Specify search search Normal The performance to and Performance to when interrupted. switch the to search displayed. This when to The Switch Network when search. Wired LAN of the to as the Wired LAN The displayed. Switch LAN the Select this to The layered when such whether or to as displayed the such as that the and layered to their You the and Switch LAN. performance functions to their You the Clear this the to the
options the the performance displayed. this the function, the
the Network Function to This chapter to the from Network which with and
On the and then the OS to of the connected The its IP or allow- "Accessories" to Network The displayed. Network You from the the the through function of the OS (without "Network function and to software). Network If of and the displayed, the the the using to the highest Network from C Once the OS of the the that to and tor shown the LAN to that the and connected to the This section easy of Network and the following operations. Compatible OS Professional/Ultimate Turn the and then the LAN the Procedure
to and This chapter to that connected to the to and to the
the IP of the the input the Network from the of the browser, and the the the displayed. function used. the and operations this Microsoft or as the If using OS of the buttons You and the from the Macintosh, If, however, using of that connected to the characters displayed properly. The reflected the There You items that usually the items that the If Communication On as the the and with when the (when the off). items the with the of the BNC Termination Corner DVI/HDMI following items. Items the that the If to displayed. To to with other than the following to specifying the IP of the as follows when using Advanced the IP of the High the the Procedure
Items that the The following items only SNMP Community
the Function to when or warning with This the to of with to the locations from the the function from the the Function to information. recorded, and to three to of three once. If and to notifying of the If Communication On as the the when the (when the off).
SNMP SNMP from the collectively from them. to IP when or warning with This when SNMP information. SNMP should or who with the To the SNMP function to the to the SNMP The function SNMP LAN to IP
The of that projected. while Network Projection, the following apply. The and About About The following projected. You to with greater than UXGA SVGA VGA Supported You to four to and You to of If with where the ratio of height and represented, to the this the when function the selected from the of WXGA+ UXGA WXGA WXGA SXGA+ SXGA SXGA XGA There when the the and the Applications that of DirectX played back, they back as smoothly as If the of the LAN the MS-DOS only) the match exactly. when the might off unexpectedly. correctly. only) Others
the and It recommended that with Projection, the following to the this This selection the restarted. displayed. the following when Network Projection with and and Theme (effects), of the Network the displayed, while Shows played back when from the following when Once started, while when Network Projection. You when from when from You Switch to the to the The layered of when the the Network Projection displayed the however the the following when the options Network Projection.
Troubleshooting the If of the following to the each Troubleshooting as and from Network Projection, the another "The found when Network Projection started." Network Projection" concerning "Applications displayed from the when the function executed." "The displayed the when the function executed." "The displayed the connecting with Network Projection the or the to appear." Advanced or Wired LAN using Network Projection, the refreshed when Office when Network Projection" using Network Projection, started." "Network restored the to the with Network Projection." concerning and
Troubleshooting Concerning Network Functions the of Network Projection from the EPSON Software CD-ROM with the The supported. the of the the the and then apply the following countermeasures. Network Network Projection, the as and from another With Network Projection, the with the that previously connected off when another to with the and with the that trying to the the without off the Therefore, when the or know the off the and, operation, to the the the the and The found when Network started. that the optional securely connected. the optional Wireless connected? Wireless LAN
Troubleshooting Network the and to the the Network the LAN the the Network from the that LAN the and the LAN and the built-in LAN function SSID that from that of the information. Turn the DHCP Wired LAN from the information. the SSID the as that of the the DHCP function Wired LAN turned On? interference the from found search. the and the or and their to interference. selected correctly. Network Projection, and If the LAN the the using from options Switch LAN the selected correctly with Network Projection? the Wireless LAN. Wireless LAN the Wireless LAN when the there the and the or Wireless LAN The optional with and and with other such as the Wireless LAN to or to off the firewall or the firewall as the necessary to the the firewall turned off, or the firewall as The Network Projection and the to the Wireless LAN wave to that the connected correctly. connected or properly. the network connected correctly? Wired LAN
Troubleshooting Advanced or Wired LAN the the and the to the SSID. information. the SSID the and selecting WEP from Security the the and the to the WEP information. the WEP properly? using DHCP, each information. the to allow from the and correctly the the IP the and the Gateway the and the correctly? the such as MAC The the when the function the and the Select search from Network Projection, specify the IP and To and or displays or or the of displays to the Applications from the when the function executed. or earlier EPSON another the this EPSON to another the
Troubleshooting The the The the the cleared the EPSON the to the connecting with Network Projection the displayed or the to appear. EPSON the the displayed, and the displayed normally. try to back with or try to the preview? The when WEP or connected. WEP or connected? DHCP to On Advanced DHCP found, to LAN DHCP? using Network Projection, started. connecting with EasyMP Network Projection, first. might connecting while Network Projection while
Troubleshooting using Network Projection, the refreshed when using Office the the updated. If the quickly, the the continuously? when Network Projection to If the the and the the to the the displayed the LAN and the The match. the the the clicked, to the The the and the other off. the to the You to to that connected to another The selected to the process? Network Projection. If the appears, and then Network Projection. Network Projection connecting to which the to mismatch. The the and the other the clicked, to the the that the the and then reconnected, the the that displayed.
Troubleshooting the following: Network information obtained. There the the to SXGA or the the and the the the to the the the the the and the If the following: One or connected greater than SXGA. the and the the LAN and the the displayed the This displayed when to the with EMP NS To the of Network Projection from the EPSON Software CD-ROM with the You to the the and the the One or responding. the to the Network the of to the this of Network Projection. Network the to the with Network Projection. connecting to the Wireless LAN manually. manually to Wireless LAN when the
Troubleshooting Concerning and Communication On To the function when the from the information. Communication On to the information. the correct? that the optional Wireless securely connected. the the optional Wireless connected? LAN If, checking the the information. that the connected correctly. connected or connected properly. that outlet or functioning correctly. to the the to abnormality and the to the connected correctly? Wired LAN
This section the that the text of this to other publications. of The MAC ID to each assigned to each and based this MAC type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA type of with of that IBM computers. VGA type of with of that IBM computers. SXGA type of with of that IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. UXGA The to displays. created displays. of Wireless LAN that with wireless LAN without using It to with or type of with of that IBM computers. XGA
Notes Microsoft, NT, and or of Microsoft Corporation the United States and/or other of America, Inc. and of Apple Inc. Notes of TOSHIBA INFORMATION SYSTEMS CORPORATION This includes WPA Cryptographic software from TOSHIBA INFORMATION SYSTEMS CORPORATION. Security Inc. RSA of RSA Security Inc. BSAFE RSA This includes RSA BSAFE Cryptographic software from RSA Security Inc. the United States and other rights of this publication reproduced, with to the of the information mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without Neither from the the written of Corporation. or or of the information contained Copyright Notice This free software as as software to which this The following information the free software this Software Copyright: the rights. and of their respective owners. and Other only rights those WPA, WPA2 and Protected of or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to The of this or without further Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or products other than those as Products or Corporation or incurred the purchaser or third as of: from the of options or strictly with Corporation's operating and this and the Products Corporation. instructions. and and of Corporation.
this (including that Furthermore, there free software of with the software concerned) influence the of the the characteristics of the software that already this each author, the and the (written issued this Notes This free software this the terms of You the text of the LGPL the following the GNU LESSER [LGPL] (henceforth "LGPL") or LGPL Copyright Inc. Copyright Copyright Andreas This the of the LGPL, the the software this based the LGPL. the as the and/or the free software concerned. Also, the to and/or the free software concerned. (including, rights, copyrights, and warranty what The includes, free software concerned offered "as with or to, business Please follow the of the LGPL when reproducing, of and third rights SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION rights Copyright and Furthermore, as stated there software that included this to which the LGPL of the characteristics of the free software that already this with the software concerned) the this (including that of the (written issued this the free software this as stated the of the LGPL, the as as authorship as the software the of the LGPL, this the following software this Other software
that they, or the If other fee, the the rights that You to the and them these of the library, whether or that they them with the with the library, to the they know their rights. Notes GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. warranty the library. Also, the that the author's affected and the should know that what they the To each to clear that there that might introduced others. MA USA Everyone to and of this Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. allowed. of the GNU hence the [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the February Preamble Finally, software threat to the of free Therefore, that obtained of the users of free restrictive from the with the freedom of specified this to that effectively to freedom to and software--to The software to freedom to and the GNU the software its users. Foundation and other authors who to You This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. the ordinary this to and from GNU This the GNU GNU software, including covered the ordinary to those non-free with library, whether statically or using shared therefore such only the fits its of The library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary other with the library. the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or it that to that the software and of and that of free software, to freedom of that these things. To rights, to that to to these rights or to to these rights. These of the or
Notes this the non-free These the reason the ordinary the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free this there to there to To this, non-free allowed to the the free to free software only, the the of library, that becomes library. that free the as of people to of free software. to the GNU C non-free other to non-free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' the freedom and the wherewithal to that that the of that with the of the Library. The and copying, and library" and that the library". The follow. to the based the from the library, whereas the combined with the to
Notes You and of the Library's conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and as that of this with the Library. other authorized distributed the of which the copyright or this "this Each This to software or other as GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION option offer warranty protection fee. You fee the physical of and You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright another translation included without or with and/or translated that to containing the or of the as to with (which of those and to "library" of software and/or You the whole of the to charge to third the of this then to that, If facility the to function or of the supply such function or facility, other than as when the facility to that the the facility operates, and whatever of its that the and the of You the to The software library. to library, interface the to "Source the of the the associated and of the library. function to function or this function optional: the supply the that of the Therefore, Subsection that function covered only its based the covered this they its The of the restricted, and from such Whether that what the and what the of the of the writing Activities other than copying, and that the
Notes You and the (or or of Section or the terms of distributed the terms of Sections and which Sections and that with the software sections of that from the Library, and whole, and to each and of who wrote the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of sections when them as when reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those this whose other to the These apply to the as whole. If If of offering to from though third to the then offering to the from the the to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. that the Library" with the therefore covered this Section terms of the Library), rather than that the library". The that of the of such instead of this to of the Library. To this, appeared, then specify that to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU instead wish.) other these notices. You to apply the of the ordinary GNU the that to this that they of or the other with the (or with based the Library) of another based the the of this and and and If such or length), then the of the unrestricted, containing this of the of whether Section Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold that the Library" from header of the though the that of the Library, the the this to Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library.
Notes years, to the user the specified Subsection charge than the of this Accompany the with written offer, least three the of the Library, containing that Section whether or the the the terms of Section they directly with the If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already received of these or that already this the of the that the Library" which the that and of the operating the from as the include and to distributed include that normally distributed or with the the to the Sections or of choice, that the of containing of the Library, and that the the customer's and that the Library" with the to such modifications. and that the and its covered this the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: displays copyright notices, include the copyright You with each of the that the You supply of this If the both them and the together that the operating of other that normally It that this the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed the and then to containing the Library. (It that to the to with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the Sections and and, the the who the of the Accompany the with the the based the Library, with other Accompany the with of the This distributed the of the Sections together with other and of the other otherwise and You that based the that the of the based the covered this and such combined library, that these things: of the already the rather than copying the and properly with of the library, the Library. that interface-compatible with the that the with the user as as the with. with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the
Notes If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other and terminate rights this this their terminated as this who or rights, from You with, or the otherwise to with, or the as such or other property right or to of such the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to the free software which this section the of protecting the of people to or willing to software through other It the of this section to induce to and that choice. You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited of this to and its and copying, or the or the (or based the Library), this Therefore, or based copyright who the this geographical those countries or copyrighted interfaces, the that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as If the and/or of the restricted written the of this This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this Library), the from the the of the rights You third with this to with or the to Each redistribute the (or based the these and You further of this which to and the Software Foundation. If the specify of that or of published choose published the distinguishing If the the option of following the and Software Foundation. of the from to to the The Software Foundation revised and/or to or (whether or from the of this If as to obligations this and the would otherwise) that the of this they other obligations, then as both and this would to directly or indirectly through then the or other reason to royalty-free redistribution of the those who If, as of or of from of the Library.
Notes to the software that everyone redistribute and change. You redistribution If library, and to of the these terms (or, alternatively, the terms of the ordinary to Apply These Terms to New If to incorporate of the other free the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the of of free whose incompatible with these, write to software and of promoting the and of software generally. to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" To apply these the following to the library. It and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright <year> of author> APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY CORRECTION. NO WARRANTY the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or This free software; redistribute and/or option) MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of This distributed the hope that GNU Foundation, Inc., MA You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. written Inc., copyright the of of That's there to END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Notes This protected property rights of or of such of this without from Microsoft. WMV/WMA (Microsoft): Microsoft. MPEG-4 VIDEO. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED NONCOMMERCIAL USE OF CONSUMER TO ENCODE VIDEO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE OF NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM Copyright Inc. rights AND COMMERCIAL USES AND LICENSING MAY BE OBTAINED AND/OR DECODING MPEG-4 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER INCLUDING THAT RELATING TO PROMOTIONAL, INTERNAL AND/OR DECODE AVC VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM LICENSED UNDER THE MPEG-4 VISUAL PATENT PORTFOLIO VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE AVC VIDEO. NO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE AVC STANDARD ("AVC VIDEO") This software from With to offering MPEG-4 and/or CONSUMER FOR ENCODING VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE MPEG-4 VISUAL STANDARD ("MPEG-4 VIDEO") the following THIS PRODUCT IS VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED BY MPEG LA TO PROVIDE THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE AVC PATENT FROM MPEG LA,LLC. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM. FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Inc. BY CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE HTTP://WWW.MPEGLA.COM PORTFOLIO LICENSE FOR THE PERSONAL AND CONSUMER ENGAGED IN PERSONAL AND software: MPEG-4 AVC: MPEG-4 ASP: CPD-27726R1