Theater
Introduction The theater-quality 3D the relaxing of offers these features: Native ratio to and to of brightness and white light incredibly lighting Iris that constantly the light based the and black/white of perfectly and EPSON C 3LCD increased ratio and 1080Perfect free of or artifacts unmatched with HDMI (High-Definition Interface and wide-format including front and mounted, with and offset Introduction
cover foot 3D IR HDMI Introduction Remote RS-232C cover (12V DC PC switch and warning lights cover
Source Mounting Introduction
On Turns HDMI and the HDMI function 2D/3D 2D and 3D buttons selection to the Iris the Iris function the function Function the user from the Introduction off Lights the buttons easy Source buttons Switch to the HDMI buttons playback of to match lighting the or off Aspect the aspect ratio the Temporarily or the RGBCMY the Memory Accesses the memory to the
Optional the following optional the Product V13H010L69 V13H134A39 security (anti-theft ELPSL01 mount CHF2500 F3H982-06 3D active V12H483001 3D IR V12H484001 Anamorphic ELPFALKED Anamorphic ELPALK3 to the 1-year and 2-year service You purchase these and other from authorized EPSON To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca and Warranty with three-year carry-in warranty. the offers free SM Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or Service To follow the instructions the CD, or epson.com/webreg products, and service. Introduction
This This the information to the to and instructions, troubleshooting instructions, specifications, and warranty information. Please follow these as through the Warning: to to to information about helpful of services hours (U.S.) or this to or information and If the EPSON service. and the PIN the that with Introduction
the Follow the instructions this section to choose location the the and Choose Location You the the shown below, as as the
the and height its with the top or the of the and If this the to the You to the or nearly its height, and or right about one-half its If the off to the straight (rather than the of the then the to the the try to the hand, or the the to the the to from of to of
The of the the from the to the and the the these as aspect ratio Projection to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to aspect ratio Projection height) to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to the
aspect ratio Projection height) to to to to To the when know the (or the when the the This the EPSON (U.S.) or Also these considerations there of around and the the top of that the the within of grounded or to 3D correctly, 3D within of the the below to the 3D (the the 3D the optional 3D and shielded twisted RJ45 straight to Ethernet patch cord, crossover-type of or the 3D normally or the located than from the Optional Accessories information. the
the To the first to the location, based the of the as to the To the from the included mount the Follow the instructions included with the mount to the Warning: or the mount, to the screws from and type of or These the casing to crack and the causing serious and serious to the If the the to invert the that appears right Follow these Press the the the then Projection Select Press the to the the
The following the of the the LENS
Connecting the Connecting and You the to of such as /DVD or or You to or PC or Apple You to of the of the shown below: HDMI1/ HDMI or higher 3D): HDMI2 (with PC to to RGB RCA the to the three Match the and the the
to the HDMI If HDMI, to the high or You to or higher HDMI to the 3D features. If HDMI or higher, HDMI to the recommended that with the included Follow the below to the The included round HDMI The non-round or thick HDMI the HDMI to of the HDMI the the of the anchor the the HDMI as shown below. the around the HDMI the the and the the HDMI To the the and the HDMI Then the of the anchor and of the the
Other the and other below, to the the the and grounded To AV with the to the RS-232C To such as to the and the option to On information. The 12V DC To the optional IR 3D shielded twisted RJ45 straight to Ethernet cord, crossover-type of than to both the and the 3D IR the back of the and information. the
the Remote The AA batteries. Warning: from If immediately. Release the and the cover. AA as shown. the cover and clicks the the or the front or back of the within of the If the the If the buttons the batteries. Turning the On and Turning On the Turn the switch the back of the Turn connected to Press the On the or the the To children from turning the the Child If using the High the properly the the high the Remote
The light flashes while the If to the as Turning the Turn off connected to the Press the the or the the and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the Turn off this when to the of the Selecting the Source The buttons the and switch from of connected to the (such as player, or or Press the Source the that to the to which connected. There when switching the
If the the of Press the to through the and the If appear, To temporarily off the and the the the Press the to to Positioning the If the front of the the and, to the and of the You to the the the Press the to off the the buttons
The (V) to of the height of the while the (H) to of the of the If of the than the other, the to the If necessary, the front that the If the the with the Its to the physical of the to this. If cant the the of the the buttons to the the
the that to the to the quality. If the the buttons to the the
Follow the instructions this to to the and quality. further Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the
Choosing the Aspect Ratio to when selected as the Aspect You to the of the (or aspect the Aspect the or through the HDMI or the aspect ratio selected and If the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect of these Normal TV broadcasts, or with aspect recorded and Normal expanding to the whole This stretches only the right and of the the
Anamorphic to that aspect ratio (such as when using anamorphic from If this without anamorphic the the vertically the aspect to or the correctly If anamorphic with the to that or aspect ratio when the with anamorphic 3D To 3D first to of the HDMI You of EPSON or active to the directly the while 3D The IR off of the when the 3D information. Turn and playback the Press the 2D/3D the necessary. Press and the 3D least second. The light and about seconds. To the off, the least second. The light three when the turned off. 3D troubleshooting
Projecting You the Screen to from to each other. You the the or the The with of the below to which HDMI1 HDMI2 PC the other and to both Also, cant when 3D Press the the The currently selected input to the of the HDMI1 HDMI2 PC
Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and To the the option, and to the input the appear the choose the To the the or Choosing the You the to brightness, and the lighting You each input sourcewhich of from might the HDMI to the with the closed, and the PC to with the
Select the to then the the Choose from these the brightest the or THX 3D the brightest 3D when the 3D 3D 3D when the 3D THX 3D when the 3D Advanced To further the and the and RGBCMY tones the RGBCMY the You these and other and using the You combinations of with the Memory easy If the selected the to the factory
the You from to or from or displayed increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. to The the the the these affects which as bright areas. Press the Select from the Select Advanced and then You the following the of the following: Select of the correction using the or the and the You the reflected the the right. The the input and the the Press the to Select Then with the of the following: Select from the You the the arrow to the to the of to then The appears with the selected Press the or to and then to and from the the appears, the or to the the that to and then the or to the Press to and Press the to the when
RGBCMY this to the and each of the (R), (G), (B), (C), (M), and (Y) Press the RBGCMY You the following the the or the to the to and the Select the or Brightness that and the or to the Press to another or RGBCMY to You the offset and using the RGB the the The includes to the from once and to from turning the without To the follow these Press the the Select and the OK Select and the OK
Choose from these options: Child to the the about seconds. the to the to from reach. the Child the and the switch turned when the Direct On option to the the the appears the whenever with turned To the the To and the the least seconds. Press to the If turned the the locked. If the Child off the and cool The Child the cool-down
You the on-screen to to the qualitysuch as the brightness, sharpness, and You the and other features. the You the from the or the buttons the You the or that selected You the and the To the the the or You this options You input and connected to If item or this that the apply to the input or Press the or to highlight option Memory Info or then the to Press the or to highlight then the Press the or to as necessary. You to the to choice. the highlighted
finished, the to to the previous or the to the To of the the button. You this the of the Press the or to the Press the or to the when displayed, the to the to its factory the these options to the Select from to the the arrow to choose the the Select the
the Quality the using these already selected the and as Then the this section to the to each input type, input HDMI, PC), and the input switch to the other input using and Brightness If the from connected and appear the Brightness and You brightness and each and The Brightness light the and the the the bright and of the The other this section the the light and of the Brightness Brightness the brightly or to increase the brightness. Decrease the brightness or this reduces and and to the of the This the bright and areas.
Iris Iris this the light to the brightness of the Select Normal or High to would the to to the brightness of the The each and It to High that from bright to Normal other Advanced This when NTSC input through the or when input through the This the threshold which of the IRE). with DVD and the United States, this specifications to of the EPSON White Advanced EPSON White This when the input through the HDMI1 or HDMI2 with the to or If bright of the or overexposed (when the input IRE), this to HDMI Advanced HDMI This when HDMI1 or HDMI2 selected as the This when EPSON White to On If HDMI and connected to the HDMI the of the to match that of the This the light from the On Normal the brighter and the To and the of the ECO
Sharpness and Quality If the or or these to Sharpness Sharpness this function to and appear the This each and You to the sharpness of the or Advanced to the following The Advanced with input through the PC Choose Thin-Line to such as and clothing. Choose Thick-Line to and backgrounds. Choose to increase sharpness. Choose to increase sharpness. Converts to the that Select with to when with amount of This only when or or or input through the HDMI1, or HDMI2 Motion Detection Motion Detection This to Select slow-moving or or higher This only when or or or input through the HDMI1, or HDMI2
Reduction Advanced Reduction This with input through the PC This reduces of You from of reduction. Advanced This the and previous then them to reduce and You from of interpolation. You this the the This sharpens the of the You from of that intentionally of the such as out-of-focus backgrounds, become If the correct, them these the first three below to the If to the with the each and This with input through the PC the intensity of the This with input through the PC the and
the and the appear warmer or cooler. Tone Tone to the and the amount of or the correcting black-and-white they tinted. RGB Advanced RGB the RGB to the of the You the offset and each (red, and to and the lightest RGBCMY Advanced RGBCMY the RGBCMY to the and of the (red, yellow). each to to another option. You this the RGBCMY the information.
Advanced You from to or from or increase the of areas, to the bright areas. Higher the light areas. information. Advanced The when the to THX You from three to the and Select SMPTE-C (USA, and other using NTSC), EBU (PAL) or HDTV 3D the options the 3D to 3D brightness, the 3D and other 3D You should the 3D Format and 3D 3D correctly. these with 3D 3D 3D 3D or 3D You this the 2D/3D the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D 2D-to-3D Conversion this to 2D 3D
3D Format 3D 3D Format this to the 3D the correctly the 3D when this option to You should the 2D or Top and when properly 3D information which to select. 3D 3D 3D the of the 3D Select the or to increase the appearance of the 3D This when the 2D-to-3D Conversion 3D Brightness 3D 3D Brightness the brightness of 3D Select the or High the 3D too This when 3D Format to 3D 3D 3D the the and right the 3D active this function 3D correctly. 3D IR 3D 3D IR Select connected 3D IR Optional Accessories information). 3D Notice 3D 3D Notice or the that when 3D activated.
to the previously, the Tracking and RGB Normally, these the If that the or to the yourself. this that the the and of the Tracking Tracking the tracking to It to the when the of (such as white background). This with input through the PC the synchronization to blurriness. the tracking properly first. This with input through the PC Press the while Screen to this the of the Choose to increase the of the Right to increase the of the right or to the the
the and of each input, the appear to of when the option selected. Source Source Select this option to the Source and which should displayed The and Right the and right the arrow the to highlight or Right the to Press the to option. Once finished selections both to the Source and apply these of cant selected. input of combinations. Select this option to switch the the and right of the screen
Selecting Memory and the with memory locations where to the each of inputs. Creating Memory Memory to of the and them to memory, the to the Press the Memory the Select Memory Select the memory to then the to indicated highlight to the memory If that already the existing and their Selecting Memory You easily the memory using the Memory the Press the Memory the Select Memory the arrow buttons to the then the the appears the the applied, the input
Memory You memory that they to Press the Memory the Select Memory Select the memory to then the The selection displayed. of the following: To from the displayed the and the To own and the to the the arrow to character, then the selected of the characters and the Memory You clear memory once. Press the the the then Memory then the to the memory You memory with the Memory the Memory
the If the isnt what or improperly. If necessary, the to its factory-default To the (such as the or that and as The below shows to the the You the or the to their Follow these Press the the the of the following: Select Hours to clear the and to You should the when information. Select Memory to clear memory Select to to their and and
the this section to the and on-screen and options. of these already selected aspect ratio the type of Advanced and HDMI this the of the that normally the If interference when to try the as below. The only when the input HDMI1 or HDMI2. This with input through the HDMI1 or HMDI2 the arrow buttons to the of the the Aspect Aspect This the aspect ratio of and the as pressing the Aspect the information. or through the HDMI or the aspect ratio selected and If using the the top and off. You the Caption option and other to and the the the when choose Aspect
Caption Caption the and of the that the Aspect to the Turn this off to from appearing (such as the or the text that appears when switch or Screen Turn this off to the from appearing while the Background Background the thats when the or when the A/V to temporarily Other Projection Projection You options the Rear Rear/Ceiling Direct On Direct On to without the the or the On the Direct On that the to
this the the such as NTSC or PAL TV this to match the type of connected to the to the the or or to manually Turn off this to the lights the and light. this the lights distracting Turn off this the to the off when there Select or as the of shutoff; the and the of the the To the back the the or the On the Child Child the the to child to the information. the the to the from once information.
High High the of the properly cool the higher Turn this the of or higher. The operating Turn this to the to when the Select to when turned or Anamorphic to anamorphic when that aspect ratio selected. If this the the the the LCD You the LCD to manually the of the Allow to least to and the the LCD process. the should of and the should or textured, otherwise the to
Follow these to the LCD Press the the Select from the and then LCD You the following displayed the the Correct LCD to On Select to to the or it to to the You the or the and Select and then the the when the appears. You displayed the
the arrow buttons the to the highlighted the finished the highlighted corner, the the to the corner. this each of the four corners. Once four corners, the the You the following the of the following: If LCD correct, to to the LCD If LCD choose Select intersection and to correction of the intersection the arrow the to highlight of the intersection and the to that You then the of that using the Once finished the or the other and the process, necessary.
HDMI HDMI to the with HDMI them using the HDMI the This to commonly typical DVD connected to the through or theater the to the HDMI CEC the HDMI buttons to the DVD as as the DVD conforms to the HDMI CEC HDMI CEC functions the connected and with the HDMI CEC HDMI To to with the HDMI buttons, follow these Press the HDMI the Select HDMI and to On Press the HDMI to the HDMI HDMI HDMI Amplifier DVD
connected their HDMI to the HDMI Press the HDMI the You this the and arrow buttons to the to then Devices type AV or and the Once the selected, the HDMI buttons the to You the On and arrow buttons. Commonly functions include turning the when playback, the and operating the HDMI allows and other to turned and off together: If connected the and switches to the input The switch the back of the turned this to If the connected such as and DVD If connected, the turned turn off the the connected turned off. The CEC function of the connected this to HDMI
to the clean. You to clean the to overheating. Warning: cleaning of the turn off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. The only should the and the If another replacing, or servicer. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the the to clean the the while the turned blower that to from the To or smears, cloth or If necessary, the cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire.
the with cleaning that cleaning optics. touching the with to or to the Cleaning the 3D the included lint-free cloth towels) to the 3D whenever or the the 3D with
Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with lint-free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the and with cloth. thinner, or other These the or the Cleaning and the includes to the performance. If collects the as below. clogs and overheating and to the You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the Press the the or the the the light to flashing, and off the switch the back of the The the cord. Press the of the cover to release the latch, then to the cover.
the as shown. Gently both of the four or to from the force when the or crack and become the or or to or the that and other office to from the of the If the using (such as paintbrush). If the to or the You purchase V13H134A39 from authorized EPSON To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca the as shown.
the of the cover the notches the then the of the cover to as shown below. the The to hours Normal You the Info to Its to the when: The or to The light flashes or half-second The the appears the when selected, and Turn off this when to the of the You purchase V13H010L69 from authorized EPSON To the please 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca to the Information the Warning: the cool (about the that the and should to injury. the of the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the
Follow these to the If the the the or the the and the light to flashing. Turn off the switch the back of the and the and about hour to the the screw the cover. the as shown. the screws the (they the
the and the of the Warning: The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Gently the the and the the screws. Dont the of the assembly. Touching the the cover. (The the or
Tighten the cover screw. the as the the the back the switch the back of the and the the or the On the Then follow these to the Press the the or the buttons to the then highlight and the finished, the to The shows 0H the least hours. Checking the You the Info to information about the and the To the Info Press the the or
the buttons to the Info The following information appears: Hours 3D Format Source Info Scan information) Refresh Rate The information the currently selected The shows 0H the least hours. The the of the The of the and selected the If to the the following: the of the within to F to C). the front the from the the its or Transporting the incurred The and the repairs, the If the that become the the of and that the
This section to the lights, with the and and technical What To the Lights On or The lights top of the the and know when If the isnt correctly, first the the cool and the cord. Then the back and the If this the the lights top of the If the and light they turned off the Lights indicating Light and lights off The turned off. The Press the light off, the or the On the to
Lights indicating Light and light flashes light and Lights indicating Light and lights off The the connected securely both The light flashes The The too which off the automatically. light the cool then back there of around the Also, or the The light The to replaced. flashes The light There with the If the flashes the and its cover securely Turn off the and from the the to cool, then the and cracks. If the isnt cracked, the and turn the If this the or the cracked, The the to appear. The cooling the light flashing and off. Then the the or the On the to back High-speed cooling If the further, automatically. there of around the Clean or the If the High the cool the properly If the High the cool the properly
Lights indicating Light and The There or Turn off the and light flashes from the Then Both lights flashing You the the and the switch the back of the turned Then the to light the the or the On the If the the the to the If the Child to the the seconds to the or the appears the or the displayed. Press of the Source buttons the or the the to the input Allow seconds the to the Press the the to the hasnt turned off temporarily. that the light and flashing, and the cover The (or If the and the light off, the to the back turned connected correctly There internal Turn off the and from the Then
3D or correctly. Press the 2D/3D the to switch to 3D necessary. within the 3D that and both to the that with information. If 3D from or the the the then 3D then 3D Format that the option selected. If 3D broadcast, to manually the 3D Format the 3D option to of the displayed, or the distorted. Press the Aspect the to aspect ratio If the Aspect to to the Caption option to the top or section of the that the to correctly the to the the If connected and only the the turned off. If of the off, the using and appears the If Press the function that Its often with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to
If the function both might to the the to that both the LCD and From the the the the then Advanced The the from to to then the as or or If OS X: the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or the The or reversed. the Projection the The isnt If the or the or then the buttons to the The or the correctly connected If and or turn the securely both If interference the shielded. You to If the and turning off LCD
The blurry. the correctly There the Clean the as the the If the from of the Sharpness If from to the Tracking and The the right. the correctly connected Press the the to both the and the with the If the to the the to the the to the of its service
Remote The to commands. within about of the and the the front or back within the shown below. You to the Press the and the If they the the lights and turn off lights. the sunlight. Turn off that such as heater. there the and the IR receiver. If the 3D the directly the front or back as shown The IR off of the when 3D
Where to technical hours (U.S.) or troubleshooting information, and technical through to To the EPSON service, and the PIN the EPSON that with This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through and AM to PM AM to PM through and hours of to without or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product Product (located the of the or the Info connected to of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized EPSON To the 800-GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active of LCD inch F=2.00 to Brightness Normal White light to (ISO light output to ratio to to inches to Projection to to ratio to Aspect ratio to Normal selected, and Brightness Turn off this when to the of the UHE High Efficiency), E-TORL hours (Normal hours (ECO V13H010L69 ECO Specifications
Remote Approximately AA Height inches including inches inches including Rated AC supply to AC: to AC: to AC: (Normal (ECO (with HDMI to F to C) to F to C) to RH, to RH, to High the Specifications to AC: (Normal (ECO (with HDMI
United States FCC 15B Class UL60950-1 ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 DNX ICs this Compatible The NTSC, PAL, and SECAM and to the incoming It these as or videowhich through the and respectively. The (SDTV, HDTV) and the HDMI and The PC RGB If necessary, Aspect to the The which the the currently active as the following Refresh Format NTSC PAL SECAM Format/ Refresh SDTV HDTV Specifications
RGB Refresh VGA SVGA XGA SXGA WXGA HDMI Refresh VGA SDTV HDTV 3D Refresh HDTV ESC/VP21 Command You AV with to the You the ESC/VP Communication theater from the EPSON (U.S.) or Specifications
Notices Information Follow these instructions when and the the when the turned the bright light the when If or the following or other from 3D immediately and health or twitching, of awareness, involuntary strain, headaches, or blurry/double that than seconds. activity (such as vehicle or operating machinery) completely If the and 3D without with health physician. or when to flashing or lights 3D who history of of awareness, to or family history of should health the 3D function. It recommended that while 3D or 3D The least to every to of 3D *Based the issued the 3D The and of from to If should immediately the 3D or 3D the heath physician necessary. to the of 3D should or Children and to health associated with 3D and should closely to prolonged without Watching the while too of strain. to the 3D and Therefore, to or or wires, and near that Notices
The following people should 3D People with history of People with heart People health People who People who physically People the of or who or flashing light SOME LIGHT PATTERNS MAY INDUCE SEIZURES IN PERSONS WITH NO PRIOR HISTORY OF EPILEPSY. cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service The and its from children to of suffocation. Dont the or Also, the or of heat. the type of indicated the If of the or the outlet where the easily Dont the with and the the to or fire. Dont outlets, cords, or This fire or Dont the and the They and the from overheating. Dont the or other or closed-in through the or the the from the and servicing to service the following when the or or the or to or normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance, indicating service; or the housing Dont the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the Notices
Allow the to cool hour the or when Dont the or top of heat-producing If the country other than where purchased the that country. Dont the or heavy Dont the of the of to F to C). Doing and to Dont the of the of to F to C) or of Doing to the WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) FCC United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or Notices
WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. Concerning of Copyrighted each to and of copyright when EPSON While copying or of copyrighted those as as people copyright Notices
EPSON, and C 1080Perfect and EPSON of Corporation. and and service of Inc. HDMI, the HDMI and High-Definition Interface of HDMI Licensing, LLC. Notice: Other only and of their respective owners. and rights those This information to without America, Inc. CPD-35489R1 Notices