S3
Notations Used This Indicates where useful information topic found. Click the to that Indicates information and which to topic. Indicates procedures which or Indicates that of the or front of this appears the of Click the or to the the section of the Appendices. The indicated should the of the numbered Indicates operating and the of operations. PROCEDURE The this and this to the with the and other optional products. Indicates the of the buttons the or the Indicates items. Brightness
Notations Used This rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Copyright Notice Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright America, Inc. and service and and of America, Inc. of Corporation. DNX, and the DNX of Inc.
You easily height with hand. foot You of Presentations, and the tone choosing the surroundings. finished the Once hear the sounds when the turned ON. the cooling and off the The function the the the Also, with the instant-off function the immediately Source search allows to easily choose the to pressing the Source Search the connected and projected. ease of buttons classified and to their to with buttons and Troubleshooting
this directly front of the the to the the of buttons This option when the or This or the You to the of the with
and Functions Security Remote light-receiving the the the immediately or while the becomes this cover when the cover from the the from becoming or when the to cover Foot foot the foot to and the front foot. the and to the when the such as shelf. the
and Functions If or displayed, and RGB to the Automatically RGB from and the selection. If or displayed, selects items and Press to and the the the or off. the function. the previous or while flashing or shows whether they The of the the of this and and the which shows the If or displayed, selects items and buttons following and the input from the connected The input searched the projected. [Source Search]
and Functions Rear the to the USB when the wireless the USB to the function. the RGB from the that connected to the This or RGB to USB the other the from to from other to the the from other RGB from and RGB and the the light-receiving from the the connecting or of that the input to from connected the other, or selector. the input Rear foot to the
and Functions Foot this when the cover from foot the This and other from the when It should cleaned and periodically. the optional mount when the from mount
and Functions Remote light-emitting the or of that appear. If the buttons Remote buttons [A/V buttons [Computer] buttons [Search]
and the This section to quality, and the It to the and the
the Quality or RGB and this to If appear the the Tracking manually using the following the Tracking Computer and RGB this operation, to the Select from the and then Tracking. PROCEDURE this the the If the to OFF, while or RGB projected. or the the to the RGB from connected and these that the of the following three items: obtained. Tracking and (synchronisation) the buttons and the operations they the the of the Remote Remote If the the or other such as or commands to the tracking these functions and then the the correctly the type of or RGB the the while input. such the and manually.
the Quality or RGB and this to If or interference appear the (synchronisation) manually the following the the tracking the from the this operation, to the Select from the and then PROCEDURE Remote the buttons and the operations they the the of the The tracking increases or each pressed. C Press the to the The tracking
the Quality the selecting the that to the The of the The following You easily which selected. Selecting the Projection the synchronization the from the The and brought and RGB input) such as bright or The and brought to life. TV and bright input) Sports Application Remote Theatre tint, when board), this Blackboard bright that to the bright The increases or each pressed. C Press the to the the tracking the brightness, sharpness, and and when the correction
the Quality PROCEDURE The appears the top-right of the each displayed the to the the While the Each the the the the following The the the
the Remote the directly front of the the without the The buttons C Press the to the about seconds. PROCEDURE The when or the following the the supply off, the or the of the to the operations. The the buttons the or correction. than second. and Press and the You from the
the The of the built-in as follows. PROCEDURE Remote The appears the while the pressed, the increases. the pressed, the the The the
the (Source Search) input. You choose the input input which already selected, or when The following displayed when there only connected, from this playback. Automatically Incoming and The input from the connected and the (Source Search) You the to directly to the input Directly from the Remote the Source Search. PROCEDURE to the from the to the from the from the to the or of connected, the The searched displayed, and then [Source Search] the projected. the projected.
Functions This section and other and the security
Functions Projection The to when the You operations such as without the and the what this to the and to such as selecting the and Sound (A/V Remote PROCEDURE from the where Pressing the clears though the the the to It to displays and from the The function while the the function used. Sound You this function or off the Remote PROCEDURE played back the and to the or using the and sound to The A/V chosen from where the A/V function activated. "Background Color" the If this function when You this function or off the [A/V
Functions This allows to the and to the about. the This function the aspect ratio of from to when which recorded or or projected. the Aspect Ratio the PROCEDURE Remote PROCEDURE Each the the appears or The whenever the You this the command the
Functions This when to such as and of the the Remote Remote PROCEDURE to the of the to You the the of three
Functions Projection the wireless to this connected USB A-B If the USB of and the USB the back of the the Remote to the (Wireless the crosshair to the of the that to or reduced. Remote Edition/XP Professional (OS Remote C To USB USB To USB You reduce the the button. To the the The selected to The ratio appear the You the the
Functions Projection Once the the operated as follows. earlier of It to the function Edition/XP Professional that from of of Edition/XP Professional If the the function to used. the which the The USB only connected to with USB interface. If using to of both the and the further operating guaranteed. clicks the Right Double-click: Press This the or slideshow. and To To Release the to the the location. and and the
Functions Projection The wireless function while the the of the buttons If the to the While While the function While displayed While following used. While While sound reversed. function
Security The only displayed when the turned ON and or to centrally the If the connected to the outlet and the without the appearing. If Direct On to the first the and then when the the first the turned the supply restored. reconnected. Protect the Protect function activated, people who know the to the to Furthermore, This effective theft. At the of purchase, the the that displayed the background of the protection function Preventing theft Protect) the The operation If to the of the back to If this the from the displayed. the and then the switch to the and then and turn the that appears the locked. displayed If incorrect three and the turned the first the connected to or when Direct On the following displayed. ON Protect" (ON) Pressed If to the and input the thirty the following the International Warranty Conditions section of the "The locked. the World Warranty terms. If displayed and the this to the If the correctly, While the the buttons
Security functions the following to Protect. Protect each the disconnected and from the of the each the turned The of to the turned the of that the The displayed when the If the when the from the when the If to OFF, the to ON and the displayed. closed. the The Protect displayed. seconds. PROCEDURE If Protect already the If the correctly, the Protect displayed. Protect displayed. from to Black or or from or the (ON or the Background Color OFF) to operations, displayed and the To the Protect to OFF first. If to of the following Protect (ON) If Protect to ON, the accessory Protect to the as theft-prevention Select ON Protect, and then the Select ON, and then the Turn ON Protect Press the
Security displayed. If the incorrectly, the should prompting to the The the displayed, the shown displayed To and then the this to If While holding the the as Once four buttons to The and then the button. The The The the the the displayed. buttons to the within the of If the the While the the finished using the Protect Select and then the the countdown the to hours and then the and then the Select ON, and then the If this to and the C Turn Press the button. Select Protect, and then the Select ON, and then the button. Turn Protect Press the
Security functions If to ON, of the buttons the the operated. to ON. This function such as that deactivating buttons operation, or such as to the of buttons that operated. This function the buttons the Function Remote this operation, to the From the PROCEDURE the buttons and the operations they the the of the
Security The buttons with the C the displayed, selected Operation the to OFF. about seconds, displayed and the the continuously There to the the lock.
This section to the and its
the C the selected item Selecting from the Selecting from the top Top Select the to
of Functions The items that the input that currently each Computer/RGB Function the light and the the type of to surroundings. the the the brightness. Brightness You the of If High, appear bluish, and appear (This item selected selected as the the (This item selected selected as the the the red, and of the the intensity of the of Red: the of red. when or NTSC input.) the tint. the sharpness. Sharpness the to their If would to items to their
of Functions The items that the input that currently projected. each Computer/RGB Selects whether the function when the input turned ON or OFF. appears when projected.) when or interference appear the Function when appear the Tracking the and With the function, automatically. If interference appears the or appear when appears when the manually. the OFF: IP each field the This when with amount of ON: Interlaced converted This when appears when If the appear correctly when the the connected manually. Selects the input with the that connected to the If to the input with the the the to their Press the the If to items to their or the the aspect ratio
of Functions Function to ON, the operation of buttons the the The of the selected. Corrects the of the the selected, the of the reduced, the amount of electricity and reduced, and the operating about life: about Select the too bright such as when or This the to of the to their and If would to items to their the Brightness
of Functions whether the input or or displayed the (ON) or displayed (OFF) such the when the [A/V the or when input to Black, The (the when the when (ON)/ or when (OFF). as when the input or or when input. The turning the off and then back This related to the Background Color: or Function the [A/V about seconds, the the that displayed as background and displayed A/V Rear, Rear the Projection
of Functions to ON and the connected to of that of electricity that when whether (ON) or (OFF) when operations approximately while back the to automatically. the of about or higher, to High. whether (ON) or (OFF). input. Direct ON: Function To the EMP 21L, the off and the cool finished. whether the EMP 21L software or 21L and Operation the to their If would to items to their the displays.
of Functions Computer/RGB the of the and the of the only) Info If reaches the warning the characters displayed yellow. The operating from to hours displayed as 0H. From 10H the of hour. Shows the operating Function appear when the input or the input the input which currently projected. Source Information from this when service from or from Info appear when the input or the input appear when the input or the refresh appear when the input or (Not displayed RGB or the Refresh Rate
of Functions Function The Hours, and to their items to their Clear the operating and to 0H. this when the
Troubleshooting This chapter to and what to found.
the Select displays to the It of If with the the function on-screen and Remote Remote the PROCEDURE C Confirm the selection.
the the operations and to through the to items. Press the to the If the function to the to
If with the first the and to Reading the below. If the clearly what the might to the Warm-up approximately seconds. warm-up the flashing. You the from the outlet when the light this Projection when the pressed. Indicates the operating of the Projection Warm-up The with the following three which the operating of the Reading the If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. The following what the and to that they Indicates the internal Indicates the off flashing lights Stop the the from the and or Stop the the from the and or or related
off flashing that the and clear, and that the The off and about about the switch to the following: If the or them. or (overheating) to when the using the the If this the and the to overheat or the the to the back from the and or the and If the with or further If the yourself, to of (Projection the replaced.) If the back and then the If the If this the the and the from the Then or with that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch off flashing or flashes that the and clear and that they (This abnormality, the too high If the clogged, clean or them. such as automatically.) High-speed cooling or Warning
off flashing or the with If to the the the that the increase. the with as as The the the If the operating properly though the showing to the If showing which appear the previous or the following
If of the following and the offer to the each the sound heard or the sound when Other Projection the completely the completely The Supported. Projection appear relating to The such as interference, or white appear. Interference or appear The displayed truncated or or of of the displayed. The whole appears or reproduction performance, that the the and LCD and the appearing the match, this of white, appear right appear Nothing appears the
relating to appear The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. the both switched off? Press the [A/V the to the A/V active? of the that supply Press the to the the pressed? the correctly? If or to the the to the input such as completely the completely when the correct? when from buttons about while input. The this Press the to the If to the to ON, the off used, the to OFF. Operation to "ON"? Projection
If or connected to the the to the The Not Supported. the correct? to the with the and of the from the of Displays the match the and of the when when from Press the [Computer], or the or the [Source Search] the or the to the that of the securely connected. the the connected correctly? Turn the the the the or turned the input selected? The displayed to the to as as the title such as or Connecting If the only to the LCD or to the accessory If the while the already turned the function that switches the when the externally, they appear the LCD to Turn the the and the off and then back the or accessory the to the when from or with built-in LCD
Turn the the to the the correctly? or of to appear the the approximately hour to used. If If the from to or the of the and this the the the off and the to the The recommended from to the the the Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too the cover. the cover attached? the too If or connected to the the to the Interference or appears the correct? If used, interference the the accessory and this used? that of the securely connected. the the connected correctly? the selected? the that the that with this of Supported Displays when when from Press the the or the the to If the correctly the using the and Tracking and RGB the and Tracking correctly?
Press the the too and off, or too the Aspect ratio correctly? If the correctly the function, the If other than RGB from or RGB input, the or the the to If RGB from or RGB the the manually the command. manually the command. Press the the to the function. the correctly? the the function? If activated the of the the only about of the the To the whole of the the off the the selected? the that the that with this of Supported Displays when when the
If or connected to the the to the the input match the from the connected right the to the the correctly? Check that of the securely connected. the the correctly? the Brightness command to the brightness. Brightness the command to the the correctly? the correctly? the Intensity and Tint commands to the and tint. Intensity, Tint the and correctly? when from appear the Brightness and Brightness commands to the brightness and Brightness Brightness the nearly the become and the become this the should with the the Contrast command to the "Contrast" the and correctly? the correctly? The that those from the You to Nothing appears the from other than the projected?
when If this the the the from There the or the the the outlet and The connected correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. the of the switched off? Alternatively, the to supplied. Press the to the the the turn off and when the touched? the that sound heard. that the connected to the the connected correctly? sound heard or the sound the to the Other Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. A/V active?
The operating the approximately and the the light-receiving vertically. light-receiving the the facing the when operated? The the location where light the light-receiving while that they the The operating the the too from the or light from light-receiving the the or the correctly? If of the buttons the than seconds, the The of this to the from to something top of the the released, operation than seconds?
Product (located the of the Product S3) or of the please the following information ready: technical through services hours as the following Where to from or the You purchase carrying or other www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please and technical through Access and From the reach troubleshooting information, selecting and Access World Service of to and free. This service to through the of AM PM To the service, and the PIN the included This the Telephone Services warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: to through AM PM to through AM PM or charges apply.
This chapter information to the of performance from the
The the following four allowing to choose the the the the Instructions first. this its to otherwise malfunctions (Rear/Ceiling of the from Please would to this The optional mount when the Rear using (Rear the "Projection" the to match the or using
If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to with It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the and shortening of the service life. Cleaning the and This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should clean the becomes or the of to the Instructions cleaning. cloth using to the Then containing amount of and then wring the Clean the with cloth. If the the cloth with with cloth. the to and the coating such as or thinner to the These off. Cleaning the reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with If the or the the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the Cleaning the the with or the to shocks, as easily become
the of the and the to that the the the This section to the the and the If the of the or becoming the batteries. AAA- that the ready to when the Instructions the the Press the cover clicks C the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover. the cover PROCEDURE Catch
The to appear the following of to the and of the "Brightness It to the when: continuously high brightness: of the becomes with as as appears. You should ready the used, the become continuously brightness: the characteristics of the and If to the this the the appears, the or the warning hours hours The the appears the when displayed. Flashing the flashing the cooled sufficiently the cover. To the enough to cool turning off the about should that If the If the of which the and when that the the cover. hour. the The or to
with the (or head [Phillips] the screws with the screwdriver that C the screws. screwdriver). the off the and the PROCEDURE the cooled then the with the (or own head [Phillips] Then the cover straight and to the cover screw with the screwdriver that cover from the of the screwdriver). the as shown the below and If the with or further If the yourself, to of and of the the
the that fits correctly. Once the screws. the the cover the and the the cover. screw. the off as the securely. If the cover the turn the or the The mercury. of properly with regulations. cover correctly.
from the and then this operation, to the Therefore, the counter to the operating the operating reaches The built-in counter which of the the warning to displayed. with You this using the the the buttons and the operations they the the of the replaced, otherwise the the operating the indicated correctly. the and the PROCEDURE C appears, The operating then
the covers from the and them C the they The the If the or the reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. the Turn off the the the the of the and the to PROCEDURE of properly with Polycarbonate, ABS Polyurethane Recess
this operation, to the Select from the and then recorded, the previous You the that currently as and the operations they the the which buttons the or the of the the would to as the and then the PROCEDURE recorded. To Protect to ON, displayed and the If the Protect function of Protect to OFF first. Remote and the function currently when the If correction, or selected.
to or the the that from the of the the its with the or projected, the C Choose this as the appears, Select this appears, Select the from the displayed. the to The to recorded and selection the of the to The then Once the this displayed, the Completed. displayed. which connected to the while the the (about otherwise Once the seconds). the or other to the factory operation. Remote
Checking Projected While and RGB and RGB from input to the "Computer/ to this and output to The correction and the and to the To with
Optional and Where to To purchase please the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please You purchase carrying or other from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and referral.This of optional as of of to without pull-down aspect ELPSC09 aspect ELPSC07 aspect ELPSC08 aspect ELPSC06 V13H010L33 V13H134A08 ELPKC19 mount ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC Distribution ELPDA010 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP mount ELPMBUNI ELPSV01 Samsonite shoulder and ELPKS43 ELPDC05 High V12H162020 Samsonite wheeled softcase ELPKS35-S ATA hardshell ELPKS54 security ELPSL01
The following of of the this which or which the text of this Further information obtained to other commercially-available publications. The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio Aspect ratio which the brightness and together. The type of commonly The and which the to household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and which the brightness and separated, to The of that light. If the high, the bluish If the lower, the High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or reception and playback (or Screen aspect ratio of HDTV sound Normal which which to this rear and graphics clearly, or to them appear this property of The relative brightness of the light and of increased or to text and from to right and then from the top to the of the The and of whereby the which displayed alternately. Interlaced of whereby the from from top to to The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and Refresh Definition It to which the High-Definition SDTV consisting of with that commercially-available theft-prevention through to the to or This with the Security Security
international that that which easily operating (OS) and the If the both the and the connected to this the that they the these played back the they to their recording as which the and to quality. It to which of and C type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA The from and RGB If the match this the of The of matching the phases of these (the of the and troughs the synchronisation. If the such as and interference (synchronisation) type of with of which IBM computers. SVGA (the of the If tracking correctly, The output from and RGB If the match this the of The of matching the of these appear the Tracking USB interface to which only relatively USB type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. XGA type of with of which IBM computers. VGA
of ESC/VP21 Commands USB to the the the command, and the If terminates with the outputs and the to the and then the to Command <At the <At the Connector USB (type B) (type B) Command Item PWR OFF OFF PWR ON ON ON/OFF SOURCE 1F SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE MUTE OFF OFF MUTE ON ON A/V ON/OFF MSEL Black selection of the commands, (CR) to the MSEL MSEL A/V Selection
of Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Refresh Source Refresh Computer/RGB SDTV (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) HDTV (D4) HDTV (D3) VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA Aspect ratio TV (NTSC) Aspect ratio Refresh SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" SDTV TV (PAL, SECAM) The of the functions supported. HDTV the VGA
Specifications The USB to correctly with USB- The USB with the USB (W) (H) (D) including S3 Product inches TM DNX ICs this of SVGA (W) (H) UHE W, ELPLP33 TFT active (light If the higher than the and EMC +35C 200W(100 to 4.8W(100 to 100-240VAC 1.0-2.2A supply 1W FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class USA EN55022, Class IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 The EMC Directive Community EN55024, (89/336/EEC) The Directive UL60950 Third Edition IEC60950 Edition CSA C22.2 Community (73/23/EEC) USA Computer: Connectors DIN +60C RCA AS/NZS CISPR Class Australia/New USB (B USB*: RCA (L,R) Black
Appearance 3-M4 of Units: from of to fixing
Instructions If the or exposed to instructions, or performance, indicating the from the outlet cleaning. cloth or other or closed-in the following when the to of through of outlets, or The internal of such as the the from the outlet and servicing to the where the It and the from overheating. the the and top of heat the and the They with these or fire or shock. the when If normally when follow the operating If or the housing the outlet with the or or This fire or shock. cleaning. or cleaners. service the following or heated such as the with or to the the the the and service or covers the the the the and the the with The invisible the switched as the bright light covering their heads with death the life. specifically directed the supplied, to service this yourself. optional of the reach of Children the when the suffocation. around children the when cover. the injury. as servicing to service cloth or to the Please the following information about the type of indicated the If of the outlet where the easily grounding-type properly grounded If If the three-prong the three-pin the or electricity the or the or heavy the or of heat. to as recommended. Follow these instructions when and the
Instructions should when the to reach of and If the with cloth. If the the and and fire or shocks. or Authorized as of when the cover If the of the cleaned If using that these of the If cleaning the or the yourself, or the or mouth, or other effects noticed, If the and from the or of If there the otherwise Service to the least once year. to allow such of to the or mouth. If the immediately. of to regulations. batteries, the following the as as they Clean the of the to heat or immediately. this service. immediately shock. the of released when the from or should when the to as or the the while from the that might Doing serious burns. the off the the the Once becomes the appears, to the while to If the and to with the If the of Mercury when they the with to from and to allow such of to the or mouth. mercury with high internal as the light supply and the specified the to allow the of when the cover the that released when the from The and easily If the the the the of the with while the following. If the following The mercury mercury If the immediately the to the that of purchase or information or with the or mouth. the or to the with as as or to the immediately or repairs. the this around the with the or mouth. to cool completely. with including to the State of California to or other WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, Health
America, Inc. Warranty than EPSON Authorized Servicer. or incurred EPSON carry-in warranty service responsibility. If or software interaction with products, or service other such as fire, and service, incurred. or conforms to the specifications and free from that the purchased and operated the United States warranty service, of the of workmanship and of years from the Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the What purchaser of the EPSON with this warranty of purchase that the warranty purchase. Two-Year Warranty and Warranty OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. IN THE EVENT THE REMEDIES ABOVE FAIL, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY SHALL BE LIMITED TO HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS MADE BY ANY THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON PRODUCT COVERED AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, INCONVENIENCE, INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER RESULTING WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INC. NOR ITS WARRANTIES INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY. EXCLUSIVE AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY, THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. UNLESS STATED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THIS OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE USE OR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE service, please the securely its or or warranty service the of the or of the item becomes EPSON property. The exchanged quality, and option, the another of EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without charge and quality. of the covered or products or the warranty If carry-in warranty What EPSON To Correct or or previously refurbished to the EPSON of with of the of purchase, to of the covered this warranty. However, each the of the covered the warranty stated include both warranties and and This warranty cover or the rating or or should the other than This warranty installation, caused the United States and EPSON warranty service should the EPSON or to properly or to function properly as of refurbished or reconditioned products. This warranty covers This warranty apply to What This Warranty Not allow warranty and allow the or of
America, Inc. Warranty or the and apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to SM PIN or the U.S. and To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON or write to: America, Inc., P.O. CA
interference to and reception, which with the instructions, interference to Class to of the FCC These turning the off and the to to This tested and found to with the interference This or reception. there that interference and and, and If this the outlet from that to the or to reasonable protection Increase the the and receiver. the interference or of the following FCC United States or the which the connected. Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Computers EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS: Located the the authority If this than interface to interfaces. or established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this the FCC or Declaration of this The of non-shielded interface to this and interference which the WARNING to the tested and found to with the Records with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class within the accepted, to and testing to the expected to as 47CFR to the interference, and this interference received, Each to the responsibility that the following this including interference that operation. EPSON of Product EMP-S3
light-emitting the the the as wireless these buttons to back and forth through down][Page and Functions the wireless function activated, this the the or displayed, these buttons items and of or each the pressed. This when and Turns the and off. or item or displays the or when Acts as left-click when the wireless function. or of without the of the the of that using the or projected, the the the the the following aspect ratio each this pressed. and the The and turned or off each the pressed. the or while Acts as right-click when the wireless function. the function. Press to of as of [A/V The input searched the following and the input from the connected projected. and the which shows buttons [Search] the sound Switches to from the Switches to from the Switches to from the [Computer] these buttons to when using Protect. Automatically and RGB