S11/X12
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The S11 and X12 include these features: Bright, high-resolution S11: to of (white light and light X12: to of (white light output and light S11: Native of (SVGA) X12: Native of (XGA) USB and PC shows connected USB memory HDMI or X12) connecting and S11) Easy-to-use and features of ownership with correction X12) ratio X12) closed captioning and Direct On features and The X12 shown this noted otherwise. Product
Additional Optional and Remote Remote AA VGA Carrying CD topic: to the to the following To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized To HDMI HDMI X12). or purchase information. To with from with or purchase information. topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP67) V13H010L67 ELPAF32) V13H134A32 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005
Warranty and Information Option or ELPDC10S DC-11 V12H377020 BrightLink interactive (IU-01) V12H415020 BrightLink interactive with RM Easiteach (IU-01) V12H415020RM AP-60 Sound V12H329020 ELPSP10 ELPSC80 ES1000 Projection V12H002S4Y ES3000 Projection V12H002S3Y Universal mount ELPMBPJF ELPMBP01 plate ELPMBP02 Round plate ELPMBP03 to ELPMBC01 (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA ELPKC02 VGA ELPKC09 VGA ELPKC10 security ELPSL01 1-Year Service Service EPPFTPA1 Service Service EPPFTPA2 Service Service EPPEXPA1 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the Service brochure the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to injury. to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support and to technical hours If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the
Rear topic: Introduction to cover X12) lights
Rear S11) cover X12) X12) A/V foot Foot release A/V topic: Locations S11 Remote
USB USB RS-232C screw Security AC input X12 Remote USB
USB RS-232C HDMI cover screw Security AC input topic: Locations
Mounting foot Rear Security topic: Locations S11
Source Search (searches (selects options) buttons buttons and arrow buttons buttons and arrow buttons information) X12
Source Search (searches connected (selects buttons, buttons and arrow buttons buttons and arrow buttons information) topic: Locations Related Light
Remote
through connected through connected buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow through options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and of the A/V off and sound) information) action) buttons (activates on-screen and wireless (selects LAN functional) USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the Cover You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or using mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within of grounded outlet or cord. and topic: the You or to the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the option the topic:
Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or S11 Aspect Ratio or or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to X12 Aspect Ratio or Screen
Screen or to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to to inches to topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI X12). such as DVD players, and with If or includes sound, input necessary. shows without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting to USB Connecting to topic: the Related
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to Computer USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB the the USB to USB X12). Turn the to USB the other to USB USB of the following: the that appears to the USB software.
Connecting to VGA XP as appear and the the USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and EMP_UDSE.EXE to the USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software only the first the to the The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related USB You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple If necessary, the VGA to the other to the
Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the optional HDMI X12). the and turned off. the HDMI to HDMI output the other to the HDMI HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to USB or HDMI X12) the the to as wireless This from To this, the to using USB connected already. the USB to USB
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources USB the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related Remote If includes sound and using the USB or HDMI X12) sound through the optional (with and RCA the to headphone or or or the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source
Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI X12). the and turned off. the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to the to with the and turned off. the to or If these to
Connecting to Source the VGA to the If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related If to the optional or A/V the and turned off. the with the to the other to the
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using optional the and turned off. the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the the to the (with and RCA the to
Connecting to the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources If connected the to to the S11). This the when the that refresh than to correctly. or connected to the If there the Computer1 the to topic:
Connecting to Connecting to USB Devices To the sound from the to with built-in amplifiers S11). You the the The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. Locate the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic:
USB Projection Connecting USB or to the You and other without using or of these to USB or phone USB USB memory or USB-mounted You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics You USB or to the USB and to or If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB shown USB
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics Projecting You switch the to the connected to USB the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with connected USB or to the from the If the off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You to USB to the You to to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB
the Remote the other of the to the USB USB topic: Related references Optional and The the AA that with the the as shown.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks topic: the
the To the cover, the A/V To cover the or temporarily turn off the and sound, the A/V cover closed. topic: the
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the Focusing the the Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the With the Turn the or to the the the cover.
the to the the The light This that the turned With Direct On the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right try the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary).
Turning the Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right
To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing the cover.
Selecting the the the Height topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the rear to their height. If the to the topic: Related Related You the directly front of the of the and it If the to the or or or off to the to the the
Correcting With the correction X12), corrects when the (The X12 corrects Correcting With the Correcting With the Correcting With Corner topic: You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the Press the
Correcting With the The buttons and the S11. correction, slightly If the of reach, the the the topic: Related You the X12) to the of that such as when the to the of the Turn the and You to the using the
Correcting Shape With Corner the the correction, slightly topic: Related You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the using the Press the button.
Select the and the and Select the Corner and You the Corner
the the arrow the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: You the the or the and buttons, the You to the the If the includes to or reduce the If the includes and buttons, the the to the Press the to reduce the X12 S11 topic:
Focusing the the Remote Turn the and You to the using the To the the X12 S11 topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the
the Remote as using the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the Remote as Wireless the Remote as topic: Related the You the as wireless from
the as the to the USB or HDMI X12) to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB and to USB wireless the following the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote Operation Related You the as to information The arrow, using the
Selecting Source Press the the the arrow the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Related If connected to the such as and DVD player, to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary). of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the
Press the the the If there than that the to the other and HDMI X12) USB and topic:
Projection the Projection the Remote the Projection the the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and the rear. You the the or the Projection the the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right using the
Aspect Ratio Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: Projection The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect topic: Related Quality
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to topic: Aspect Ratio
the The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input the the Turning On Iris topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD player or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic:
Turning On Iris You the to these the input bright bright Theatre Sports bright displays Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) bright topic: the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the button.
the With the Select the and Select the Iris and On Press or to the topic: You the buttons the to the as with (On the X12, the buttons the The buttons the internal You the each connected input Turn the and that includes Press the as to or the appears the To the to input the using the topic: Related
Projecting Slideshow You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily and the Supported Slideshow Starting topic: Related USB Projection Related Connecting USB or to the You these of the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the the the the topic: Projecting CMYK Highly
USB to the switch to the USB input and You the Slideshow operation options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the button. To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the
Slideshow To of the the arrow buttons to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or only the While the following commands to the as necessary: To the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the on-screen instructions or the button. Slideshow topic: Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow
Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected seconds) and switches to the Effect with with of effects topic: Starting
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Action Temporarily and of Security You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You the A/V the topic: Related
Action Temporarily and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the indicating the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the to four
Security Security To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from and to the and other security to operation of the the buttons the Security cabling to the Security the Security topic: You these of security shared On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security,
the the the Protect This about seconds. Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted." Press to to the Protect of the and
Selecting Security to the topic: Security the Protect Select the to If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the
You the to the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to try the to proceed. If the incorrect three that the and the the off, and the from the Then the cord, the back and the to than and the
to displayed and of purchase information to to the If the incorrect the locked. You the to service. topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this
Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever turn the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from using the You the buttons or the the Press the Select the and Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the
Security You of security the to theft. the security the back of the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security Related Rear
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of High the tone based High tints the and and tints the
each the intensity of the Iris On the based the when selected The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input You the of the Tracking and the the
To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On) the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the On whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction X12) NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the X12) Expanded connected to the HDMI input On fast-moving NR2 graphics, and
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect Ratios the features. height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
H/V to and Corner vertically) Varying the of the S11) locking to the Three the of the H/V manually and Corner to and using on-screen the buttons
Normal Selects the of the ECO Varying the of or Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch On to focusing and the and correcting to topic: the Related Correcting With Corner Front/Rear Caption Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
the features that its operation. Selects options Background whether displayed the A/V Background selects the or to when whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Caption of and selects the closed CC1 Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Operation Direct On Selects options CC2 Rear Rear Direct On the without the High off the of inactivity the off the the cover closed High the operating
Information Info Communication On Selects whether the following when the Communication or (off) USB USB Selects the of the USB X12) 21L Selects the and displays option) topic: the You information about the and input the Info the and the from from the Computer S11) USB when to the USB to 21L when to the RS-232C with
The hours the least hours. the input Information item Hours the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service technician information about that service the topic: the
Related Optional and Specifications You of the to their using the option the You the to when the the option. You the following the option: S11) topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and from to Transporting the to its You to the periodically, and the and to the from overheating to The only should the and batteries. If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and To lint-free cloth with and the Warning: that The high heat the fire. to clean the or touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and thinner, or other chemicals to clean the These the topic: The the clean, and its the If collects the or clean them as this clogs the to overheat to to the and to nothing the Cleaning the and the topic: to the or they or to clean them. Turn off the and the cord.
the Gently the using or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the Turn off the and the cord.
the cover. the of the ABS resin and polyurethane of to regulations.
the the as shown and clicks the cover. topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Optional and Specifications
the Information Info the the cool least hour the Warning: the to injury. You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury.
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the
the the to to of the topic: Related the You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the button. Select the and Select and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic:
the Remote Related the The AA or the as as they only the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury.
the with the and facing as shown. the cover and clicks Warning: of to regulations. to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Operation
the The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection Light the these sections the Projection Light the or Sound or Remote Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light the light
light light and Flashing Flashing too overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing Light Flashing the to the Flashing or Turn the off, and light that the and with or the too If overheating or the that the and with or If operating the high High If overheating or the If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. If operating the high turn High If the the and
the or Sound light light and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: Related Where to Related Cleaning the and the the You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. light
Appears Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect There Sound or topic: If appears, the following Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or If the and right back the button to the (with Direct On the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from off DirectX topic: or Sound
Incorrect the USB Function Appears Related references Quality Related Unlocking the If appears or the appears incorrectly using the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications With reduce the from With off DirectX Turn off the layered the USB topic: or Sound Related If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears From topic: or Sound If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or the topic: Appears If the Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related
Appears the Not Supported If only appears, the following Press the the to the the using the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the using the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the Turn the the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting With the Correcting Shape With the
the or Static the or Blurry Correcting With Corner If the to interference or the following the connecting or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to If from turning off the to the the the to they match the If the and Reduction that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to quality. If connected without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related references Supported Related From PC From If the or the following the Clean the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect To the the from the to the enough to the the the that the Turn the the Sharpness to If from the the to the and If or the and manually the Tracking and topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Focusing the the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the input the the securely connected to the and If connected computers, the of If the incorrect from selected the
There Sound or or Remote Operation If using the ECO selecting Normal the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound Related Related Quality If there sound when it or the too the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI X12), the connected to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to With the Remote to
to or Shut-Off to With the Remote topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the or the to the The Disconnect the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote turned the topic: or Remote Related references Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the to the causing to Release the to the lighting, sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or
to Where to If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Remote Related Optional and Remote If or try the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and If the from topic: or Remote If to technical services, the following options. www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM, through the of warranty
You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM, through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications USB of Poly-silicon TFT active S11 S11 reproduction (SVGA) X12 (XGA) F=1.44 length: X12 F=1.58 to length: to
Brightness S11 ratio with Normal S11 S11 rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO X12 Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO to inches to X12 to inches to to inches to X12 to to
Specifications S11 ratio S11 (Tele-to-Wide) sound (Normal correction USB USB and USB or USB USB and USB input or topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) Normal Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness X12 X12 (ECO to about hours ECO to about hours
Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) Normal to ECO (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications to V) Normal topic: Technical Specifications to to Humidity to (relative, non-condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the However, includes that other resized to automatically. ECO On) to to to with High UL60950-1 CSA-C22.2
or refresh with the or The the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA X12) SXGA+ X12) WXGA+ X12)/85 UXGA WSXGA+* WUXGA (Reduced MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" X12) X12)/85 X12) X12)/85 X12) X12)
Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input X12) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV only X12) topic: Technical Specifications
USB the to the USB software. (Service only) OS or XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and and CPU III or PC G4 or or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or topic: Technical Specifications Related Connecting to USB and
Notices Information Instructions these sections about Information Instructions FCC Copyright Notice the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the severely as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from children to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted should technicians mounting with this
or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the or of heat. the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when the to the when disconnecting to with these fire or shock. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which the If the least inches of the and the the closed-in of through the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other
covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. the where to or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become or heat near the or to the while the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other than the cover. This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from
Recycling FCC If the the to contained the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Recycling topic: Notices offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or
Copyright Notice WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. topic: Notices and Corner and of Corporation. and TM TM and BrightLink TM and SM and SM service of America, Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices rights of this reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise,
Copyright Attribution without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. Copyright Attribution topic: Notices This information to without Inc. CPD-34721 topic: Copyright Notice