Foot I/R Computer/Component USB Rear foot Specifications of Poly-silicon TFT active (XGA) Brightness (ANSI) (High Brightness Brightness (High Brightness Brightness ratio to inches to Projection to to Projection rear, mount) sound aspect ratio ratio Brightness High Brightness correction correction) Supports USB (type B) Security UHE High Efficiency) High Brightness about hours Brightness about hours V13H010L32 Remote AAA Height inches retracted inches inches Rated AC to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to F to C) to RH (non-condensing) to RH
and United States FCC 47CFR Class UL60950 Third Edition ICES-003 Class CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC, 89/336/EEC IEC Third Edition EN EN DNX ICs this Compatible The the below: Refresh NTSC NTSC PAL NPAL MPAL PAL60 SECAM HDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV SDTV SDTV TV480i TV480i Compatible To from the refresh with the the following resized to the (XGA). The of allow to correctly; Refresh VGA EGA VGA60 VESA72 VESA75 VESA85 SVGA56 SVGA60 SVGA72 SVGA75 SVGA85 Refresh XGA60 XGA70 XGA75 XGA85 SXGA170 SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 SXGA285 SXGA360 SXGA375 SXGA385 SXGA+60 SXGA+75 SXGA+85 UXGA60 VGA SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC1960 MAC19 MAC21 The resized Positioning the connecting the to where to The location choose the of the and what the and from the there of around and the the top of anything that the the the within of outlet or and within of and/or the directly front of the of the facing the squarely. Its to the when the directly front of the If the corner, to the correctly the and
the below as to from the to the increases with the and whether the with other to to to To the following formulas: To the when know the (inches) screen [inches]) (inches) [inches]) To when know the (inches) [inches] (inches) (Projection [inches] If the below the of the to the front foot, as shown. This the to its the the the information about correcting the If the with the of the the and to If the higher than the of the the to the whole with the Starting the and other and connected correctly. Then the as below. If connected or the the and displays the If the first, or of to the manually. Selecting the Source Follow these to and the the the with the The heat the the of the to the Then the other to The light top of the indicating that the Press the top of the or the The once and the light flashes as the then to appear. the light flashing and the ready Warning: the when the This and Remote
If connected -based to the New found If the the Source Search the or the Search the the to If prompted to Starting the with You the Source buttons the to switch to the each What To If You If or the turning or the following: the connected correctly. the light and flashing and the cover off. If connected than and/or to the Source Search the or the Search the repeatedly the to Selecting the Source the information. If using the and the function that It such as or CRT/LCD Allow seconds the to or On the or CRT/LCD the LCD and the or both the might to the the to that both the LCD and or If with OS X: You to to the as as the LCD connected to the then follow these From the Apple Preferences then Select VGA or LCD or and If with OS to You to to the screen as as the LCD Follow these From the Apple then or and Sound Click the top of the other. If the option isnt selecting of the Click the necessary, and then (Allow seconds the to the selection.) Selecting the Source If connected to the the to the to the Search the or the Source Search the the projected. You of the following buttons the to the connected to the Computer/Component to the connected to the to the to the the the appears. The the
the Once to as this section. Focusing and the to the the to reduce or the You the the to or farther from the You the buttons the to of the instructions. the Height of If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the to the foot. Once the where release the to the foot If the isnt the back foot the back of the If the the section. the or the directly front of the of the with the of the with the of the the slightly (within of or the correction function that and corrects Corrected It about the to corrected. this correction appears the If distorted, the the or the If manually the the the corrected the or then the function the The function projecting or Correction To when the top or the following: Press of the the as shown below. the with the of the
the the and From the and the the to the as The from to These of to of of The slightly the Brightness The of the and the amount of light the If the too bright or bright enough, of the following: the Brightness the Select or High the Brightness option the Brightness the of the and the the You to the option to that the and the which The following the matching the of displays. increased brightness bright (the (the when from with with increased Theatre increased when or TV bright Blackboard chalkboard the white To the the button the the The currently selected appears the right of the You the to the the Correcting If connected and the right, or properly the the the or the the This the and You this to Additionally, the option the to OFF the function If the the to the tracking or using the the input off the and This electricity, cools the and the of the If the the cord. If to the You the Direct On The Direct On function The when to the Follow these to Direct On: Press the the and the Choose and Choose Direct On and
Highlight ON and Press or to The the the Direct On the as normally would. Follow the instructions the section. (The when the finished the follow the recommended to This the and protects the from overheating. Turn off the To turn off the the the or You (If to off, other Press the The light flashes as the cools the to (If the mounted the seconds to cool the cord.) the when the light or flashing To the the light flashing. Then the Press the foot release and the to the front foot, as shown. the the the within of the the the or the (the front bounced off the Press the the function to Turning the and Sound You the A/V the to off the and sound. This to temporarily To turn off the and sound, the A/V The (or or To the and sound back the A/V You such as or to the screen whenever the A/V the information. Action Press the to the action or and the the This function the the sound. Also, the to the action from the To the action, the Follow these to of the Press the the You crosshair indicating the of the to the crosshair the the to the to the selected to While the to around the the Press the to the to the to its
the Remote as the as wireless or through show-style (such as Microsoft from to connected the USB the and or Left-click or Right-click the To the or the Press the or to back To the the To the the the the and the To (or left-click), the To right-click, the button. To the To and and the and to the then release the the the batteries, the following the as as they If with cloth. If them immediately. to heat or of to the using the the Follow these to the AAA batteries: Turn the Press the the battery cover as the cover off. the batteries, then the as shown. the cover. (It should the Security To of the the following: Assign this to the to user that displayed and/or when the A/V pressed. the instructions.) the buttons; this classroom and to that touches the while the instructions.
If assign the appears the whenever and turn the If the incorrectly three the locked. Disconnect the and If the incorrect the and authorized servicer If the the displayed as the and/or Unauthorized users off or This to theft and to the should Additionally, to borrowed temporarily the of that the function reactivated and the the If should to the and the to the the to proceed. If the to the the Press the the about seconds, the Protect If the Protect Release Starting the with ON Protect to ON and Press Select and You the the Select and the the and the to The as the appears. the the the to to the Protect of the and Turning On the and To the and follow these Press the the about seconds the Protect Select ON Protect and Select ON and turning this to the off) to The appears the and turning If to the temporarily the without the and Then the while the to the of hours (from to the If the to the every turned the to 0H The counting as as the Protect (You the this to the the passed, and the correctly, the to 0H and the to or this when finished using To Protect and Then ON and this the appears whenever the turned the the and as the A/V selected as the Background the of the when the Protect function Press to the Protect
the with You the and then back to protection. the function this when and the the the as the to the Once the correctly, the and If the correct, the Please If incorrect three the The operation locked. and the switches to the Then the from the and the back the Protect Release the If the and them the that appears the Protect Release If incorrect the and authorized servicer to the the function, the buttons the Press the Select the and Select and Select ON and Then and to the Press the to the You the seconds. Lights The lights top of the the and know when light light light Light The You or the to Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant turn it back (and should the light flashing and There with the the other lights and the information this to the Flashing There with the or Stop the the and Flashing cooling Although this the higher. there of around and the and that the and clear.
Light The overheating, which the off automatically. the cooling then the cord. the back and the the F C), and there of around and the Flashing Its to the If to the the warning, there increased that the Flashing The burnt First the securely If thats the the cool, the and as If this the Flashing off of internal the and Warning: as specifically the to service this yourself. Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the lens-cleaning If necessary, cloth with and the to the and of directly the the cloth and then the with the cloth. The clogged. Clean or them as the If the to overheat the the caused to the cooling or Cleaning the Turn off the and the the To or the with cloth. To or the with cloth with thinner, or other These the directly the Cleaning and the Clean the and the of the every hours of If cleaned periodically, they become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the allow to and the cord. Turn the and other office If (such as paintbrush). If to or the torn, The V13H134A08 information.
If to the off as shown. the clicks the The typically about hours of High Brightness or hours Brightness It to the when: The or to The the appears the when the and the light flashes To and the as as The warning light flashes (the burnt You hours the the Info Turn the off when Continuous reduce the of the information and V13H010L32 Follow these to the Turn off the the light flashing, the cord. If the allow to cool least hour (or the Warning: the cool the that the and should to Turn the Press the and the cover. the screws holding the to them). the as shown and straight the (If easily, facing the right Warning: The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the the of the assembly. Touching the Once the its screws. the cover then the cover the as the section.
the You the the to clear the the the the If the the of hours that the used. the and the Press the the and the Then You this Select and You this and Press to to the or the to the Optional the following optional the Product V13H010L32 (includes V13H134A08 Samsonite wheeled ATA hard-shell carrying shoulder ELPKC19 ELPSV01 ELPAP01 Distribution ELPDA01 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch 83.6-inch pull-down High V12H162020 security ELPSL01 Universal mount Security bracket/cabling mounts You purchase these from authorized information and to the please GO-EPSON To purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please Related CPD-20247 CPD-20249 ELPKS35-S ELPKS42 ELPKS43 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPSC09 ELPMBUNI ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC ELPMBACC