S1 EPSON
of of Indicates the that people or the these Indicates related information or useful information and things should Indicates related topics and which information. rights of this reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. The information only with this EPSON EPSON of this information as to other products. The this and this which appear this to the with the and other optional products. Copyright Notice SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized modifications, repairs, or to this or the U.S.) Neither SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred to strictly comply with SEIKO EPSON operating and instructions. EPSON EPSON and service and and of America, Inc. EPSON of SEIKO EPSON CORPORATION. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. EPSON and rights those Copyright America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc.
The high and high achieves bright Clear, Functions Projection The the of the to which connected and to operations easily the included as follows: of Ease of Selecting to the type of selected around the The using the included (wireless function inches The and easy to carry. Compact and lightweight
and Functions the P. P. and Functions the P. from the outlet Another foot located the Press both buttons when and retracting the front right foot P. this to when carrying the Another front foot located the and to the right front foot P. when the to the from becoming or cover
and Functions buttons P. P. P. correction buttons P. or the Press to buttons P. Flashes or lights to the operating of the P. P. the and off. each the pressed. and Switches the input the Computer/ [Source] P. the or the function. when to the or item or when P. P. to with the Flashes or lights to Warning P.
and Functions Rear the when This to the P. P. Computer/Component to A/V the from and from other P. P. P. P. using to the P. from the the security P. P. the or A/V or to the and switch. RCA (RS-232C) P. P. P. RS-232C This and the to should the
and Functions when the the optional mount mount from the this cover when the the P. foot and other from the the the also. P. P. this to when carrying the
Remote Selects the The the of Presentation, Theatre, and each the pressed. P. the and off. P. of the without the the of the that using the button. of the P. or when item or to the P. [Computer]: Switches to the input Switches the input to the and the to the Computer/Component [Source] buttons P. [Aspect] P. Displays the screen or when the function. to their when this to to OFF. P. P. the aspect ratio of from to Selects items and buttons P. buttons the the the P. or the Momentarily off the and [A/V P. P.
Remote using the the The the back of the the the the the the Remote the please the the the clicks the the the If sunlight or lighting hits the receiver, to the
Projection and from to Instructions to the installation. the that right to Projection from of to of of the of least inches the and the inches or
Other Rear installation. Optional Accessories Please to this as The optional mount when the from using rear or from the the Projection
Press and the followed the function that to computers further Connecting to Connecting to found. Follow the on-screen instructions to proceed. appear to that If the troubleshooting chapter Troubleshooting It the projected. the PC, the when using the the to when the to the Turn off the both the and the connecting, to: the types. incorrect switched whether the of 5BNC or from that the such as Condition RGB or CRT with built-in and Please to further to that of the Supported The and of the Condition Compatible To Computer (accessory) To You to purchase the of the to the with the further or PC with built-in the
You sound from through the built-in Connecting to sound from 5BNC 2RCA To RCA To VGA-HD15/BNC PC (optional) To and the or switch. To using Press or the To Computer/ (commerically To You the from the type of workstations. Please the and together. Interference Select Computer the with the of workstation. or
Down, Left/Right click, A/V and the the screen.The the functions Functions You the as wireless to Connecting to Remote The input the Connecting to using the the insulation correction, and to To with the of used.) Compatible to the function to used. to The only connected to with USB interface. OS or or
Connecting to the Next. Screen to the of This screenshots from the the accessory Remote to the USB of the the Macintosh. Click the to Specify location. C:\WINDOWS and Next. the and Next to proceed. The New Hardware displayed. Remote (accessory) To USB Click Next. You to location to search the OS that Click to the search location.
Connecting to Click Next to the which displayed. Click The of the and the Follow the instructions to the (The the The installation.
Connecting to the or A/V the the of the the the receiver. and Functions right, To the the of the following Press these to back and forth Down] buttons through when Acts as left-click. [L Click] the or the Acts as right-click. [R Click] To and the [L Click] and The item when [L Click] released. the with the and Momentarily off the and [A/V the [L Click] click: If the the the of the buttons
Connecting to (DVD, VHS, Projecting approximately To To vertically To To (DVD, VHS, AV (yellow) to when the Turn off the both the and the to the connecting, to: the types. incorrect switched Connecting to To To
Connecting to sound from (DVD, To To AV (red/white) To Computer/ (optional) To using and the or switch. Press or the the the to or P. to match the from the RGB You the with the To Computer/ (accessory) To RGB RGB or required. the the P. to Computer.
Turning the Operation the to the Turn off the of the and the to. Turning the the The lights Connecting to Computer Connecting to the the cover. If connected to playback. Turn the of the using or PC with built-in P.14 the
Turning the The and the to Press the the lights It about seconds.
Turning off the Cool-down It about seconds. the lights Turn off the to the Turning off the the from the Press the the while the or this the Turn the off when reduce its life. the the the cover. displayed. pressed, or nothing seconds. The anything other than the The to Press the
the Turn the to the the the the The of the basically the from the to the and Press the or the to the increase the reduces the to the correctly. If Cleaning the this or the If the of the or as of If the the of If the to the the The this to the If to the further, the further from the The function of the The
the the front and release the buttons when the to the height. from the the front of the while the buttons both the that right to the the The height turning the of the front from of Press the front buttons both and the to to its If to the that right to the instead.
the corrected without when the to of the right to the the the of This corrected. below You with this function. corrected. Press the or buttons. correction the sharpness Quality Sharpness) when correction If the become appearance
Selecting the Source Remote to the input however when connected to or connected, without to switch the input Selecting the Source The input switches and whenever the [Computer] pressed, as shown Computer/ The input switches and whenever the pressed, as shown The items selected using the the displayed. The input each [Source] pressed. If or connected, to the the connected when necessary.
Functions Advanced Quality the Tracking and manually There selection to the which Selecting The analyzed and the following to the quality. Functions Projection Tracking and to brightness. Brightness emphasized. bright (The ON) You to off the Brightness emphasized. bright their tones. Theatre to off, the the to Conforms to the If the connected both the and the connected to when displayed, the If the or operation, or and
Functions Enhancing the The each the the Theatre to to the where to played back the Pressing the clears activated. To the or the Press the the The You the the input: Other input: Press the [A/V the The sound and Temporarily the and sound. A/V to played back the to activated while the sound and The A/V to or The Background Color) to the where A/V activated. Projection when the [A/V or the
Functions Enhancing The or reduced. projected. which recorded and or or This function the Aspect ratio of from to when or Projecting aspect the to the of the to Press the buttons to reduce. the Press the the Press the [Aspect] the to the as follows: to the to reduce the of the without the of the ratio the of the that using the You with the buttons. Press to
and within the Sharpness Sharpness Quality Brightness Quality Tracking only) Background Source Info Refresh Rate Info Source Info
Press the or to the Top Press the operation The top displayed. Top
Press the or buttons to the the following Press the Press the or buttons to the Then the button. displayed. Press the to the selection. Item currently selected. Item currently Press the or buttons to the items, then the the or the then the displayed items which or to The
Press the or buttons to the Then, the Press the buttons to the Press the to to the previous item or or Press the to finish. other items the
Function The the to the type of which input. input, only the and appears when projected.
Corrects the of the The each type of or Function and to brightness. Select from the type of Brightness emphasized. bright their tones. Theatre: Conforms to the If the connected both the and connected to Brightness emphasized. bright the brightness of the Brightness Quality the when appear the the sharpness of the Sharpness the of the only) Tracking
the when or interference the Function Quality and when the brightness, sharpness or correction Press the and from the which displayed. Higher and tones. and tones. obtained the the bright from to bluish only) ON: the input switched to the the to its when or NTSC input) OFF: the of the the only) only) only) the within the to their Press the and the which displayed. Select the type of to the Computer/Component HDTV DVD Computer: only) Select to such as and sound, to their
If the become appearance correction the The when correction Corrects the sharpness Function Press the and the the which displayed. the vertically and horizontally. displayed, as The and reversed. The displayed reversed. The vertically reversed. Rear/Ceiling Rear Projection
to off, such as and the of the selected input or displayed. Warning such as the to displayed. Function the and and the when the the or the the when cooling (The lights the option when input. noticeable when the input Selects the of the input. whether or the EPSON displayed the background to or Background the the within the to their Press the and the which displayed. Press the and the from the which displayed. Selects the which on-screen displayed.
Info the of the reaches about hours, displayed red. the operating Hours Function appear when the input or the input only) appear when the input or the refresh only) the input projected. Source only) the input the only) Refresh Rate the that with and to EPSON, please the information displayed this information. only) Info
the operating this selected, the operating to the Function Select to only the the items that Press the and the which displayed. and items the to their
You Troubleshooting the the There the which of You Warning P.22 P.22 The should when the this Press the to Cause/Remedy Condition You the the cool-down Press the cool-down Please The cool-down about seconds. Cool-down finished. If the the supply flashing P.22 P.22 Please Warming about seconds (the EPSON appears seconds). the to steady Warming-up
You operating flashing Warning P.12 P.54 the back the to its Press the the The off and about without operating the the and clear and that the about passed, the and the following: or the to back If the dirty, should cleaned. High internal (overheating) Cause/Remedy Condition the and the the or the If the please or Where to to EPSON. (You to the from the the and that If the that the and cover securely If the or cover securely the the the replaced). switch to back P.54 Stop the the from the and or Where to P.12 P.54 (This the too high automatically.) the which and the and outlet clear. Clean the High-speed cooling If follow the and to the please using the the from the If with the please to the section the Where to If which this please or to EPSON. Where to and repairs from or to EPSON. the to EPSON.
You tinted or tinted red/purple Only of the displayed interference appear (Nothing displayed) the The off the pressed) The sound heard appear displayed appear appear (Nothing displayed) appear the of the switched off and the cool-down the the operations The lights this the or the turned off and then straight back or correctly? the brightness Quality Brightness) displayed, including completely to the information. the option to ON the Turning the input. A/V the completely the of the input? A/V activated?
You to the with the and of the from the Supported of the from the which to the the appear displayed Connecting to Computer "Connecting to Press the [Source] the the input selected. the the [Computer] or the or PC with built-in Selecting the Source the selected the the input properly selected? the connected properly? appear supported Turning the P.20 the the or switched
You If the to OFF, Quality Tracking, correctly the and using the function, the manually their respective the the to these If the Quality the Tracking and correctly? of the input the or connected, the the the or connected, the P.39 the right to the the correct? of the The whole of of The The the If the too the of vertically. within this the the from the the front that the too the to hour If the the to appear the the which the of the and this If the from to off the and the to the Turning the the Cleaning the the correctly the the cover the dirty?
You the tracking the Quality the Tracking appear the respective Quality If the to OFF, correctly the and the the to these If the using the function, the manually their the Tracking and correctly? interference the input the the that the that with this or connected, the the the or connected, the to further the correct? the selected? If interference the Confirm Connecting to Computer "Connecting to that using shielded the connected correctly? used? P.20
You or the to only. Selecting the that the displayed the whole of the or with LCD the the of the displayed the about of the off the to the the Please to further If activated the of the connected the that the that with this the To the whole of the the widescreen aspect further the the selected? Press the [Aspect] to the aspect ratio to the Source the aspect ratio correctly? the to correctly Press the the to the the function to the correctly? the
You If connected and Computer as the become the when this the If connected and Please the the the appear the and the the appear red/purplish. or as the the correct? the tinted or tinted red/purple the correctly? Quality Contrast) correctly? the and Quality Saturation, Tint) correctly? the brightness Quality Brightness) the correctly? Quality Connecting to Computer "Connecting to the connected correctly? Colors exactly match those displayed the or LCD this and the of P.20 to
You become the when this the the and the the correctly? the brightness Quality Brightness) the correctly? Quality Contrast) Press the [A/V the to A/V A/V The A/V A/V activated? sound from sound from the connected correctly? the to the P.21 sound heard
You Suspect the Remote or light from the receiver? The the (Remote Remote the Remote the the The operating the and vertically. The operating the the too from the facing the the the This that the the turned off. The switch off when the this, the to steady and then the pressed, the cool-down the from the disconnected from the Cool-down about seconds. The The cooling the correctly? the The off the pressed)
Where to Product (located the of the please the following information ready: Product (EPSON S1) EPSON technical through services hours as the following Where to from EPSON or the EPSON You purchase carrying or other www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please or of the From the reach troubleshooting information, and technical selecting through and World Access Service to through the AM PM of to and free. This service the PIN the included EPSON This the To the EPSON service, and of warranty Access and Telephone Services You with of these numbers: to through AM PM U.S.: to through AM PM or charges apply.
commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the Cleaning the You should the becomes or the to to the Instructions proceeding. Cleaning the easily the with or the to shocks. Clean the with cloth. Cleaning the using to the this, the If the the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off.
the the If the becomes with overheating and to clean the from the Cleaning the with the Accessories information purchasing please the the the Optional replaced. instructions. If the to or should
Press the clicks. the the Remote Please of with regulations. from children to the of If the battery, immediately. battery: CR2025 lithium the battery It to the when the Warning flashes It to the when the appears the of the the of and seconds. While the catch of the the displayed. It recommended that ready this displayed, please the as as The appear about hours of the selected, operating the The to the purchased and this the of the the to that the the the and the
the screws holding the cover. It hour the cool-down further If the yourself, to the with or the cooled sufficiently the finished the to cool enough. of the the the and then the to cool Turn off the and the cool-down to seconds) Press the clicks then the screws. the the the cover and to the cover.
and the to when the The built-in counter which of the operating operating reaches Therefore, the counter to from the the with the operating First the and then the clicks the cover. the operating displayed Please the operating when the correctly. Turn the and the New included with The the to the operating off as The the securely. If the cover the should when the replaced. the or the cover correctly. Select from the the buttons. of properly with
the and the Please there the and the the with the buttons to then the First the and then the clicks the cover. the when the mounted to Turn off the the cool-down to then the The operating the the the cover and the cover to Cool-down about seconds. of properly with
Optional You purchase carrying or other from EPSON or the EPSON www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please This of optional as of November of to without Optional to PC or V12H007T09 V13H010L25 Remote V12H007T11 V13H134A03 to ELPAP01 aspect ELPSC07 aspect ELPSC08 aspect ELPSC06 plate ELPMBFCP mount ELPMB42 ELPKC19 Samsonite shoulder and ELPKS43 Samsonite wheeled softcase ELPKS35-S Distribution ELPDA01 ELPMBAPL ELPSV01 High V12H064020 High ELPDC02 ATA hardshell ELPKS49 security ELPSL01
The to that or the to the off. when the the cooling If cool-down interrupted, heat from from Cool-down the while shortening the of the and the trapped the causing Cool-down terms this or the of the further please reference Normal which whereas which and which aspect ratio of The aspect ratio The ratio and its height. Aspect ratio type of to input 5BNC Interlaced reception and playback (or to high which the High-Definition of or or greater aspect ratio of following HDTV brightness and information separated, of three and and TV (HDTV), to which to quality. high- type of which the The of which light. bluish when the the high, to to which displayed from to right and then from top to this of Each scanning, numbered and displayed Interlaced from of whereby the from top to to information together. and the combined within the SECAM) which the brightness and consists of the The (NTSC, PAL, to text and graphics or appear The relative of the light and of which increased or
brightness and information which of to It to type of which the and C to refresh the light- The of refresh operations The this reason, the The refresh and light-emitting of the Refresh Rate The of the and (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the Tracking The of matching the phases (the If of and troughs) of and such as and interference (Synchronization) This function to that than or than the that they the whole of the which type of with of IBM computers. VGA which type of with of IBM computers. XGA Definition It the High-Definition to which SDTV consisting of with through to the with the MicroSaver Security that commercially-available theft-prevention to or This Security The from the and The the high-definition TV (HDTV) the from the and the The the (NTSC) TV The and recording them software as The of with the to their international that easily that which operating (OS) and the which type of with of IBM computers. SVGA
Format grounding GND Function Format ready DTR TD RD ready DSR RS-232C input type: Connector type: (PC
Supported Supported Aspect ratio (D4) Aspect ratio Refresh Rate VGA VGAEGA VESA Refresh Rate Aspect ratio (D3) Aspect ratio Refresh Rate SVGA XGA MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 It to which the with such TV(NTSC) TV(PAL, SECAM) MAC21 SDTV HDTV SDTV the VGA output HDTV
Specifications Specifications IEC60950 Edition, The Directive (73/23/EEC) CSA C22.2 Community UL1950 Edition USA EPSON S1 LCD Product (W) (H) (D) inches including SVGA (W) (H) Polysilicon TFT active UHE 130W (light inches IEC61000-4-6, IEC61000-4-8, IEC61000-4-11, IEC61000-4-2, IEC61000-4-3, IEC61000-4-4, The EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) IEC61000-3-2, IEC61000-3-3 EN55022, Class Community EN55024, IEC61000-4-5, FCC 47CFR Class ICES-003 Class USA EMC Connectors VAC 1.3A VAC 2.7A supply -10C to +60C (14-140F) +5C to +35C (41-95F) Approximately 1W CISPR A1:1995, A2:1996, Class AS/NZS A1:1997, A2:1997, Class Australia/New Computer/Component RCA (L,R) (RS-232C) RCA TM DNX TM this
Instructions the following when the to comply with these or fire. the with Please the following information about Instructions and the from overheating. the the and the They or other or closed-in provided. outlets, or This fire or shock. the from the outlet cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the where the It or to the the the death suffocation. around The invisible the bright light the the when the switched as the as specifically directed the supplied, the the and optional the the with of the reach of Children covering their heads with the to service this yourself. servicing to covers the the cover. the life. cloth or to the service when the and top of heat or heated such as of through of the the when Follow these instructions when and the If the or it to or the from the and servicing to service the following instructions, or performance, If normally when follow the operating indicating service the or or the type of indicated the If of the or electricity the near outlet where the easily the or the or of heat. only as recommended. The internal of such as the and If or the housing grounding-type properly grounded If If the three-prong the three-pin to the with
If cleaning the or the yourself, as of when the cover to allow such of to the or mouth. should when the to Instructions The and easily If the the with to from and or Where to repairs. Authorized EPSON Service to the least If the of the cleaned and fire or shocks. or once charge this service. If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other noticed, immediately If there the otherwise shock. Clean the of the periodically. to allow such of to the as of when the cover should when the to or mouth. or the the while from the that the this to the immediately button-type of the reach of If using that button-type these and If the immediately. the supply and the specified the to allow Doing serious burns. the off the to cool completely. light Mercury when they mercury with high internal as the the with while the following. If the following or the or to to the while to the that released when the from or with the or mouth. becomes the Once the the of the the the appears, the with as as immediately the to the that The mercury mercury If the released when the from or with the or mouth. If the and to with the of purchase or Where to information If the of around the
FCC FCC United States Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class According to 47CFR, and DECLARATION of CONFORMITY Computers Class to of the FCC These installation. This and there that interference reception, which turning the off and the If this interference to and instructions, interference to or reception. to reasonable protection interference to to the interference or of the This tested and found to comply with the and, and with the following EPSON AMERICA, INC. Airport CA MS: Located the outlet from that to which the connected. the or Increase the the and receiver. or the to the tested and found to 47CFR to the following with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class Each responsibility that the this interference, and this with the Records to the accepted, to and testing as interference received, including interference that expected to within the operation. The of non-shielded interface to this this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface connected to interfaces. interference which the established the FCC or the interface with this If this than the FCC or Declaration of this and the authority to the WARNING of Product: EPSON EMP-S1
Warranty responsibility. If or EPSON carry-in warranty service service, incurred. Inc. Warranty Warranty MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SOME SHALL BE LIMITED TO REFUND OF THE PRICE PAID FOR THE EPSON THESE LAWS APPLY, THEN ALL EXPRESS AND IMPLIED WARRANTIES UNLESS STATED HEREIN, ANY STATEMENTS OR REPRESENTATIONS PROVIDED IN THIS WRITTEN WARRANTY, NEITHER EPSON AMERICA, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, RESULTING FROM THE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES. IF THEORY. IF THE REMEDY ABOVE FAILS, EPSONS ENTIRE LIABILITY THE WARRANTY AND REMEDY PROVIDED ABOVE ARE EXCLUSIVE RESULTING FROM BREACH OF WARRANTY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF AND IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES MADE BY ANY OTHER PERSON OR FIRM ARE VOID. EXCEPT AS ARE LIMITED TO THE WARRANTY PERIOD IDENTIFIED ABOVE. INCONVENIENCE, OR DAMAGE, INCLUDING DIRECT, SPECIAL, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE EPSON PRODUCT, WHETHER INC. NOR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, PRODUCTS COVERED BY THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. conforms to the specifications and free from workmanship and of years from the What America, Inc. (EPSON) warrants to the first that the purchased and the United States or of the EPSON with this warranty of purchase that the warranty Two-Year Warranty and Warranty service, please the securely its or or warranty service the of the or or or repaired to the EPSON of EPSON or EPSON Customer EPSON its option, or the without or or the warranty of the covered this warranty. What EPSON To Correct If carry-in warranty each the warranty stated of the item becomes EPSON property. The exchanged with of the of purchase, to or the and allow warranty and allow the or of apply to This warranty rights, and other rights, which from to include both and warranty service should the EPSON or or the rating installation, caused such as the United States and 24-hour-per-day or to function properly as of and This warranty cover other than EPSON or or should the to properly interaction with products, or service other than EPSON What This Warranty This warranty covers fire, and software Authorized Servicer. or incurred or write Inc., P.O. SM PIN or the U.S. and To the Authorized EPSON Servicer the EPSON CA