S4
of of Indicates the that people or the the instructions followed. Indicates or helpful information. Copyright Notice rights of this publication reproduced, or transmitted or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporations operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. of Corporation. and service and and of America, Inc. DNX, and the DNX of Inc. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those Copyright America, Inc.
Direct On and the Direct On function to the the the turn off, and the carrying The to cool first. Ease of cover Temporarily closing the cover. foot height with hand. to search Press the Source Search to and the connected On-screen about and the tone choosing the surroundings. Security Function to of the buttons the to when the
the the The the following four allowing to choose the mount from the to correctly or the the its or malfunctions To the of the off when Rear using (Rear using (Rear/Ceiling The optional mount when the or the "Projection" command the to match the
and Functions and Functions this cover when the foot the to the Foot release the front foot. Security the light-receiving from the cover when the to the If while the and sound termporarily
and Functions and the Turns the or off. LED The of the and whether they flashing or shows the of this [Source Search] The input searched the following and the input from the connected projected. Press to If or displayed, selects items and Automatically RGB from and RGB to the If or displayed, and the selection. the function. the previous or while and the which shows the If or displayed, selects items and
and Functions Rear RGB from and RGB and from other the computer's RGB or RGB to from the that connected to the This to the Rear foot the to the from other input from connected or of that the input to the other, or selector. to the from other USB the to the USB when the wireless function. using the USB to the Remote light-receiving from the
and Functions Clean the periodically. foot Foot fixing the optional mount when the from This and other from the when It should cleaned and
and Functions Remote buttons and [A/V [Computer] [Search] and
the Quality and the the Quality and RGB RGB from and these that the obtained. of Tracking, and (synchronization). If the to this the the or the the to the while or RGB the the If to the while other functions such as or these and then the the correctly the type of or RGB input. such the commands to the tracking and manually. the Tracking If appear the or RGB and this to the Tracking manually using the following Select from the and then "Tracking". the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the
the Quality the tracking the from the the the The tracking increases or each pressed. Press the to the the synchronization the The when tracking from the this the If or interference appear or RGB and this to the (synchronization) manually using the following Select from the and then the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the
the Quality the the The increases or each pressed. Press the to the If the without the tracking first, to the Incorrect noticeable with of However, with of and to incorrect clearly, the tracking first. and when the brightness, sharpness, and correction Selecting the Projection Quality The following the characteristics of the that projected. You easily the selecting the that to the The brightness of the which selected. Application and RGB input) The and increased. such as bright Sports or input) The and brought to life. TV and bright bright Theatre bright that to the Blackboard board), this tint, when
the Quality the the the following The appears the top-right of the each the While the displayed the to the the The the command the
the the Projection this directly front of the the finely without this the the or correction. the The the Remote the Press the to the The operations about seconds. The when to the supply off, the the or the of the or the following operations. You from the Press and the and than second.
the the The of the built-in as follows. Remote the to the the increases, and when to the the The appears the screen when the If the the the when the that the reached. The the Selecting the Source The the to which connected. You the automatically, Source Search as below. as Automatically Detecting the Source (Source Search) Source Search the from connected and the Turn or If or DVD, playback. Press the Source Search the Remote the
Selecting the Source The searches active and displays the Unused as shown below. or of connected, the [Source Search] repeatedly to the You this You the to choose the input Selecting the Source from the Remote You the to to the from the to the to the from the from the Remote
Functions Enhancing Projection Additional Functions This chapter functions when and using the security Functions Projection the and Sound (A/V this to the and the what and to such as selecting the Pressing the [A/V Closing the cover and sound. and sound. the You temporarily turn off the and sound the cover, and sound turned off. the cover to and sound. the A/V the and sound turned off. If to when the A/V Press the A/V to and sound. If the to while the You should the to playback where The A/V chosen from or "A/V the
Functions the The to when the You operations such as without Remote You this function or off the Sound though the the the to and to from the where Pressing the clears displays and The function while the function used. the Aspect Ratio This function the aspect ratio of from to when or projected. which recorded or The whenever the button. You this using the the
Functions the This allows to the and to the about. the Remote Each the the appears or the Remote You the command the to the of the to of three of the This when to such as and Remote
Functions Projection the to the of the that to or reduced. Remote You reduce the the button. To the the The ratio appear the You the the button. The selected to the Remote as If the USB of and the USB the back of this connected USB A-B the wireless to the Edition/XP Professional (OS To USB USB To USB
Functions The USB only connected to with USB interface. If which the of Edition/ XP Professional If the of Edition/XP Professional that from earlier of operation guaranteed. It to the function of both the and operating to the function to used. the the further Once the the operated as follows. the clicks Right Double-click: Press and This the previous or slideshow. the and and the Release the to the location. If the to the the operation of the buttons reversed. The wireless function while the following used. While displayed While While the function While function While sound While To previous To
Security Functions Security Functions Preventing theft Protect) the Protect function activated, people who know the to the to the the correctly. Furthermore, the that displayed the background of the This effective theft. At the of purchase, the protection function Protect On Protect" (On) the turned the first the connected to or when Direct On the following displayed. While holding the the buttons to the If the correctly, If the connected to the and the when without the appearing. The when the Remote the first the and then reconnected. If Direct On to "On" and or to centrally the the displayed the first the turned the supply restored. If incorrect three the "The operation locked." displayed and then the switch to If this the from the outlet and then and the back to the displayed, the If to the of the that appears the and If to the and input the thirty the following and the The operation locked. Pressed
Security Functions to "On" and The when the turned the of that the of the displayed each the turned The of to the the from the when the closed. If to the displayed each the and from the If the when it the displayed. Protect" (On) If to of the following operations, displayed and the To the Protect" to first. the Background" or the "A/V from to or or from or to the ("On" or Protect the following to Protect. the seconds. The Protect" displayed. If Protect already the displayed. If the correctly, the Protect" displayed. Protect Enabled If Protect to "On", the accessory Protect to the as theft- Turn On Protect" Select On Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Press the Turn If this to Select and then the Select "On", and then the Press the Select and then the While holding the the buttons to the within the of to hours and then the If the the Remote
Security Functions and the finished using the Protect" the countdown the Turn Protect" Select Protect", and then the Select "On", and then the Press the button. the To and then the The the displayed, and then the The the should this to If the shown While holding the the buttons to The displayed as Once four the displayed. the The "The displayed. If the incorrectly, displayed prompting to the the This function the buttons the You when tradeshows or that without From the "Operation the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the to "On". If to "On", of the buttons the the operated.
Security Functions the the the displayed, The buttons with the selected There to the lock. the the to the continuously about seconds. displayed and the
You the that currently as which the or the and the operations they the the of the recorded, the previous the would to as the and then the the the from the and then If the Protect" function of Protect" to "On", and the recorded. To Protect" to first. Protect" (On) If correction, or and the function currently when the selected.
"Choose this as the appears, the the its or with that from the displayed, the The to recorded and selection displayed. the to the of the to the the to "Select this appears, Select the from the this displayed, The then Once the the "Completed." displayed. the (about seconds). the or other which connected to the while the otherwise operation. Once the to the factory
from RGB or RGB to the with To and to The correction and the and to the
the the Select from the the from the selected item Remote
The items that the input that currently projected. each Computer/RGB Function Select the of the to surroundings. Brightness the brightness. the light and the the the the tint. when or NTSC input.) Sharpness the sharpness. You the of If "High", appear bluish, and appear (This item selected selected as the the the red, and of the Red: the of the the of the the of the (This item selected selected as the the the to their If to items to their
The items that the input that currently each Computer/RGB Function or off the function when the input when appear the when or interference appear the the vertically and only when or input.) IP each field the This when with amount of On: Interlaced converted This when Computer1 Selects the input with the that connected to the If to the input with the connected If the when the the connected manually. when input.) the With the function, automatically. If interference appears the or appear when the manually. the aspect ratio the the to their Press the the or the If to items to their
Function Corrects the the of the the to "On", the operation of the the The of the selected. Brightness This the to of Select the too bright such as when or selected, reduced. This reduces and while the operating life. the the functions to their and If would to items to their
Function This related to the whether on-screen displayed. include the input and Background: the background displayed when input. include or whether the (the when the started). A/V the background when the [A/V the pressed. include or the that displayed as background or A/V the where the to the "Rear" "Rear/Ceiling" holding the [A/V about seconds, the the following Rear Rear
Function Direct On: whether ("On") or to "On" and the connected to the when electricity whether the following input approximately the cover and operations approximately "On" the off about the and the continuously. the off the and the High of about to "On". 21L whether the EMP 21L software or To the EMP 21L, the off and the cool finished. the the and and "Operation" the "High to their If would to items to their
"Info" "Info" the type of and the of the Computer/RGB Function the operating If reaches the warning the characters displayed yellow. The operating from to hours as "0H". From "10H" the of Source the input currently projected. the appear when the input or the input appear when the input or the (Not RGB or Refresh Rate the refresh appear when the input or Info Information from this when service from or from appear when the input or
Function items to their The "Computer1 and to their Clears the operating and to "0H". this when the
Cleaning This section such as cleaning the and Cleaning You should the becomes or the of to Cleaning the Clean the with cloth. If the dirty, the cloth with containing amount of and then wring the cloth to the Then with cloth. such as or thinner to the These the to and the coating off. Cleaning the commercially-available blower, or cleaning to the the with or the to shocks, as easily become Cleaning the and If collects the or the the internal of the to and this to with and shortening of the service life. It recommended that these least once every three months. Clean them often than this the If the or the reappears they cleaned, they should replaced. with the
This section to the the and the the If the of the or that the the batteries. ready to when required. the cover. While the catch of the cover, the cover the batteries. the of the and the to that the the Catch the cover. Press the cover clicks It to the when: The the appears the screen when the flashing displayed. Flashing
The or to The to appear the following of to the and of the high brightness: hours brightness: Approx. hours If to the this the of the becomes the appears, the with as as the characteristics of the and the used, the become or the appears. You should ready selected, and brightness Turn off this when to the of the the If the that the around the If the ceiling-mounted when the cover; of the and the cooled sufficiently (about the cover. Turn off the and the the cooled then the from the of the the cover screw with the screwdriver that with the (or head screwdriver). Then the cover straight back and it off. the screws. the screws that the
the the as shown the below and and of the If the with or further If the yourself, to of the the that the fits correctly. the screws. the cover. the cover and its screw. the securely. If the cover the off as The the or the cover correctly. This includes that mercury Please and regulations or recycling. the
the The built-in counter which track of the operating the operating reaches the warning to displayed. The counter to the with You this using the the operating the replaced, otherwise the indicated correctly. The operating then the and the Select from the and then the buttons and the operations they the the of the the the appears,
the If the or warning reappears it cleaned, should replaced. The the Turn off the and the the the of the and to Recess the the and clicks of properly with Polycarbonate, ABS Polyurethane
the Troubleshooting the If with the the function to the It of and If the function to the the the the Select the the Confirm the selection. the the
the the operations and to through the to items. Press the to the
If with the first the and to "Reading the Indicators" below. If the clearly what the might the Reading the The with the following three which the operating of the The following what the and to that they If switched off, that the connected correctly and that normally. lights or Stop the the from the and Indicates the operating of the when the pressed. You the from the when the light this Warm-up Warm-up approximately seconds. the flashing. Indicates the Indicates the internal
or related High (overheating) cover or flashes or flashes or High warning (This abnormality, the too high automatically.) that the and clear and that they such as If the clean or the the from the and The turn off and about the switches to then the following: the and clear, and the If the or them. Press the to the back If this the and the to overheat or the to when the turned the the from the and the and If the back and then the If the with If this the using the and the from the Then If the with or further If the yourself, to of the replaced.) that the and the cover securely If the or cover securely the switch of about the "High to "On".
or the with If to the the the that the increase. the with as as The the the If the operating properly though the showing to the the following If showing which appear the
the If of the following and the offer to the each relating to when appear the completely the completely and Projection The "Not Supported." displayed The or of Interference or appear such as interference, or white appear. off or too of the displayed. right The whole appears purplish or white, appear and and LCD performance, that the the and the appearing the match, this of appear Nothing appears the turn Other sound heard or the sound The
relating to appear the pressed? Press the to the the switched off? The connected correctly or normally. the correctly. the that supply A/V active? Press the [A/V the to the the correctly? the completely input such as screen completely the correct? If or connected to the the to the the cover closed? the cover. to "On"? If to used, the to The "Not Supported." the correct? If or to the the to the If from the match the and of the of the to the with the and of the from the of Supported Displays
The the correctly? that of the securely connected. the the input selected? Press the [Computer1], or the or the [Source Search] the or the to the the the or turned Turn the the If from the to the or of the correctly? Turn the the to the the the the recommended the too Decrease the to reduce the amount of correction. the the too the the the If the from to or the of the and this the to appear the the hour to used. If the turn the off and the to If the only to the to the to as as the own when the externally, they appear the LCD title such as or "Connecting If the while the already the function that switches the to Turn the the and the off and then back the
Interference or appear the correct? If or connected to the the command to the the connected correctly? that of the securely connected. the used? If used, interference the the selected? the and Tracking Press the the or the the to correctly? If the correctly the using the and "Tracking" off or too Press the the the aspect ratio correctly? the the function? the correctly? If RGB from or RGB the the or the the to If the correctly using the function, the manually using the command. If other than RGB from or RGB input, the manually the command. the If activated the of the the only about of the the To the whole of the the off the the the that the that with this of selected? Displays the that the that with this of Supported Displays Press the the to the function.
right the input match the from the If or connected to the the command to connected the of Supported Displays the brightness correctly? the "Brightness" command to the brightness. the connected correctly? that of the securely connected. the the correctly? the "Contrast" command to the the correctly? the to the the and correctly? appear the brightness and the "Brightness" and "Brightness commands to the brightness and correctly? the correctly? the to the the the nearly the become and the become this the should with Nothing appears the from other than the The that those from the You projected? to the Saturation" and "Tint" commands to the and tint.
when the Press the to the of the switched off? The connected correctly or supplied. the to the correctly. the the to supplied. the off and when the There the or the the touched? If this the using the the from the outlet and Other sound heard or the sound the connected correctly? that the connected to the the to the A/V active? Press the [A/V the to the A/V function. the cover closed? the cover. the that sound heard.
The the light-emitting the front or back of the or the the too from the The operating the sunlight or light from the location where light the light-receiving the light-receiving the or the correctly? If of the buttons the than seconds, the than seconds? This the from to something top of the the released, the the or the The operating the and vertically. that they correctly.
Where To Where To these technical services: to You and and troubleshooting or with to and to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to and free. This service AM to PM through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM through AM to PM through or charges apply. please the following information ready: Product S4) Product (located the of the of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase carrying or other from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca
Optional and Optional and You purchase carrying or other from authorized information and to the authorized please 800-GO-EPSON or of products www.epson.com, the and Where to To purchase please the www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please This of optional as of of to without V13H010L36 V13H134A08 ELPSC06 aspect ELPSC07 aspect ELPSC08 aspect ELPSC09 pull-down aspect ELPMBUNI mount ELPMBFCP ELPMBSEC mount ELPMBAPL ELPMBACC ELPSV01 ELPKC19 ELPDA01 Distribution ELPKS35-S Samsonite wheeled softcase ELPKS43 Samsonite shoulder and ELPKS54 ATA hardshell V12H162020 ELPDC05 High ELPSL01 security
and Screen and the following to choose the The only Units: Units: Units: to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to to Screen of to
The following of of the this which or which the text of this information obtained to other publications. Aspect ratio The ratio and its height. HDTV aspect ratio of and appear elongated. The aspect ratio The of that light. If the high, the bluish If the lower, the which the brightness and separated, to high-definition TV (HDTV), to which of three and and which the brightness and together. The type of commonly household (NTSC, PAL and SECAM The and which the to The relative of the light and of increased or to text and graphics clearly, or to them appear sound Normal which which to this and HDTV High-Definition It to high-definition which the following of or or =interlaced) Screen aspect ratio of reception and playback (or Interlaced of whereby the which from to right and then from the top to the of the The and alternately. of whereby the from from top to to Refresh The light-emitting of the and of this, the to refresh the light-emitting The of refresh operations the "refresh and expressed SDTV Definition It to which the High- Definition Security that attached to the to theft. This with the Security this the that they the recording as these played back the they to their international that formulated that which easily operating (OS) and the If the both the and the connected to
type of with of which IBM PC/AT-compatible computers. SVGA which the and to quality. It to which of and C type of with of which IBM computers. SXGA (synchronization) The from and RGB If the match this the of quality. The of matching the phases of these (the relative of the and troughs the "synchronization". If the such as and interference Tracking The from and RGB If the match this the of quality. The of the of these (the of the If tracking correctly, appear the USB Universal USB interface connecting to peripheral which relatively type of with of which IBM computers. VGA type of with of which IBM computers. XGA
of ESC/VP21 Commands of ESC/VP21 Commands Command to the the and the to the turned the command, and the to If terminates with the outputs and then the Item Command ON/OFF On PWR ON PWR OFF selection SOURCE 1F Computer1 SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE A/V ON/OFF On MUTE ON MUTE OFF A/V Selection Black MSEL MSEL MSEL of the commands, (CR) to the USB Connector USB (type B) <At the <At the (type B)
of Supported of Supported The of the functions supported. Computer/RGB Refresh VGA VGAEGA VESA SVGA XGA SXGA SXGA SXGA MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" the VGA The when to Source Refresh (D1) SDTV SDTV (D2) (D4) HDTV (D3) Refresh TV (NTSC) TV (PAL, SECAM) Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio Aspect ratio
Specifications Specifications (W) (H) (D) inches (W) (H) (D) including TFT active SVGA (W) (H) ratio Brightness ANSI (high brightness) ANSI brightness) UHE hours (high brightness) hours brightness) 1W supply 100/240VAC 2.2/1.0A 250W to 120V 240W to 240V to 120V 6W to 240V to to to C to F) to C to F) Approx. (high brightness) brightness) Connectors DIN RCA RCA (L,R) USB* USB (B Black The USB interface with the USB The USB to correctly with selected, and brightness Turn off this when to the of the of If the when than or DNX TM ICs this
Specifications USA UL60950-1 CSA C22.2 EU The Directive (73/23/EEC) IEC/EN60950-1 EMC USA FCC 15B Class ICES-003 Class Community EMC Directive (89/336/EEC) EN55022, Class EN55024 IEC/EN61000-3-2 IEC/EN61000-3-3 Australia/New AS/NZS CISPR Class
from of to fixing of 3-M4 Units:
Declaration of Conformity Declaration of Conformity DECLARATION of CONFORMITY According to 47CFR, and Class Computers and Peripherals; and/or CPU Boards and with Class Computers :EPSON AMERICA, INC. Located Airport MS: CA responsibility that the with 47CFR and of the FCC as Class to the tested and found to with the Records to the expected to within the accepted, to and testing as 47CFR to the following this interference, and this interference received, including interference that operation. :EPSON of Product :EMP-S4 FCC This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the
Instructions Instructions Please the following information about the when the switched as the bright light the when it covers the the cover. the injury. as specifically directed the to service this yourself. servicing to service the the and optional of the reach of Children covering their heads with death suffocation. around the the with The invisible the the life. cloth or to the Follow these instructions when and the the or the or heavy the or of heat. as recommended. the type of indicated the If of the or electricity the where the easily If the three-prong the three-pin grounding-type properly grounded If to the following when the to with these or fire or shock. the with the the outlets, or This fire or shock. the where the It or to the the with the from the cleaning. cloth cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or closed-in of through of the the when the and top of heat or heated such as the from the outlet and servicing to service the following the or or If the or to or If normally when follow the operating instructions, or it performance, indicating service If or the housing The internal of such as the and
Instructions The and easily If the the with to from and repairs should when the to as of when the cover to allow such of to the or mouth. or the the while from the that might the this to the immediately Doing serious burns. the off the supply and the specified the to allow the to cool completely. mercury with high internal as the light Mercury when they the with while the following. If the following or the or to the the Once the the of the becomes the appears, the with as as The mercury mercury If the immediately the to the that released when the from or with the or mouth. to the while to the that released when the from or with the or mouth. If the and to with information If the of around the should when the to as of when the If cleaning the or the yourself, to allow such of to the or mouth. regulations and the If the and from the or of or the or mouth, or other effects noticed, immediately This includes that mercury Please and or recycling. the If there touch the otherwise shock. If using that these of the reach of and If the immediately. batteries, the following the as as they If the with cloth. If immediately. to heat or of to the using the of WARNING: The cords included with this chemicals, including to the State of California to or other with Health