1751/1761W/1771W/1776W
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 1761W, 1771W, and 1776W include these features: Bright, high-resolution 1751/1761W: to of brightness (white light and light 1771W/1776W: to of (white light and light Native of (XGA) 1761W/1771W/1776W: Native of (WXGA) connectivity Plug-and-play USB Wireless 1761W/1771W/1776W), including and Wireless LAN included 1761W/1771W/1776W) PC connected USB memory HDMI optional EPSON and operation 1776W) ratio and Iris crisply the or 1776W) and Direct On and Network to to only; 1761W/1771W/1776W)
Additional Optional and Carrying Wireless LAN 1761W/1771W/1776W) EPSON USB 1776W) Protected CD software CD Wireless LAN cover screw topic: Related to the to the following To You purchase from or authorized EPSON To HDMI HDMI To with from with or purchase information. topic: You purchase other optional and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or EPSON (ELPLP65) V13H010L65 (ELPAF31) V13H134A31
Option or Wireless LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 Wireless USB (ELPAP08) V12H005M08 EPSON DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 EPSON DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 BrightLink interactive (IU-01) V12H415020 security ELPSL01 ELPSC80 ES3000 Projection V12H002S3Y ES1000 Projection V12H002S4Y (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 VGA (ELPKC10) F3H982-25 VGA ELPKC09 VGA ELPKC02 Service EPPFTPA1 Warranty EPPEXPA1 2-Year Service EPPFTPA2 topic: Related Wireless Network Projection Related Information Info Specifications to with the Remote
Warranty and Information Notations Used the Where to Additional Information with warranty that with the warranty that with offers free Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States, or the Service the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic: Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to using where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support and to technical hours instructions using 1761W/1771W/1776W), the Network instructions that from USB connected to only), the Converter
Locations If this and the the EPSON service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to Related Where to the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to
Wireless LAN light 1761W/1771W/1776W) Wireless LAN cover 1761W/1771W/1776W) A/V Foot release foot A/V cover) Remote Projection distance/shape 1776W)
Rear lights 1751/1761W/1771W) cover topic: Locations AC input USB USB HDMI Remote cover screw Security topic: Locations
Mounting Rear foot Wireless LAN screw 1761W/1771W/1776W) topic: Locations
and light 1776W; Source Search (searches connected (selects buttons and arrow buttons information) and arrow buttons 1776W) topic: Locations Related Light
Remote
through connected through connected 1776W and when from buttons the 1776W) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and of the A/V off and sound) (splits to functions 1761W/1771W/1776W) information) action) buttons (activates on-screen functions and wireless ID which ID the button (selects numbers) LAN (switches to 1761W/1771W/1776W)
USB through connected USB Source Search (searches Remote light topic: Locations Related Connecting to USB
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote the You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within reach of grounded or cord. and topic: the You or to the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
Projection Related The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or Aspect Ratio or Projection to inches to to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to 1761W/1771W/1776W Aspect Ratio
or Projection to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches to topic: Related the or Blurry Quality Related Automatically Correcting Shape With Focusing the Cleaning the You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI such as DVD players, and with output If or includes sound, input necessary. shows without USB (such as or or optional EPSON If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Sources Connecting to USB and Connecting to USB Devices Connecting to topic: the Related Product Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to USB the the USB to USB Turn the to USB the other to USB of the following: Select the that appears to the EPSON USB software.
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and XP as appear and the the EPSON USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and to the EPSON USB software. OS The USB appears Select USB and follow the instructions to the EPSON USB software. Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software the first the to the The displays the from and sound, topic: Connecting to Sources Related You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the using optional HDMI
Connecting to USB To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple and through the HDMI the HDMI to computer's HDMI the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to USB or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to using USB connected already. the USB to USB the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources Related Remote
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source If includes sound and using the USB or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI The HDMI the the HDMI to HDMI the other to the HDMI
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source topic: Connecting to Sources If to the to with the to usually or If these to the VGA to the If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources Related If to the using optional or A/V the with the yellow to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Sound Connecting to USB Devices USB You sound through the the to the using (with and RCA You RCA connected to the that with the to the other of the to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or connecting of these to USB or phone
Connecting USB or to the USB USB memory or USB-mounted You the PC to own shows containing and and them from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB Devices Related topics You USB or to the USB and to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices
Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to Related topics You switch the to the connected to USB the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with USB or to the from the If the off and the Disconnect the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB You the EPSON DC-06 to USB to the software, the EPSON DC-06 to instead of the You to EPSON to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB the other of the to the USB
the topic: The the AA that with the the type of specified this of types, or and batteries. the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the the cover and it clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: the To the cover, the A/V To cover the or temporarily off the and sound, the A/V cover closed. topic: the
the Network Wireless Network Projection Follow the instructions these sections to Wireless Network Network SNMP You to through wireless 1761W/1771W/1776W To this, the EPSON wireless LAN and then and wireless There to the to wireless the optional EPSON Wireless USB only; included with the 1776W) the manually the Network the and the the software from the Software CD the following software and to and wireless Network Projection software wireless the Network software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Network Security topic: the Network
the Wireless LAN Related Optional and Network Network Network Not Network Network To the 1761W/1771W/1776W wireless the EPSON wireless the other type of wireless the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord. Turn the and the screw the LAN cover.
the wireless LAN cover. the wireless LAN the the wireless LAN cover, and then the
Wireless Only) the wireless LAN cover the screw and the topic: Network You the optional EPSON USB to the to wirelessly 1761W/1771W/1776W; USB included with the 1776W). Then and the when Turn the the USB to the USB You that the information the USB
Selecting Wireless Network Manually the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If to the firewall. the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the USB from You to to wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network from wireless the the its Turn the Press the
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Select the following options as necessary: to characters to the the
to characters using the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network software to the the to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them. Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless LAN topic: Network Projection
Wireless LAN Network selecting these LAN On wireless LAN Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless Wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the to SSID On SSID searching to when to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to LAN to or the optional EPSON Wireless USB to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the screen IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually connecting to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the Click topic: Wireless Network connecting to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the the IP and Gateway as
Wireless Network Security topic: Network Projection You security to the wireless 1761W/1771W/1776W). of the following security options to match the WEP WPA security with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and the Security and Select the security as to match selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Wireless Security
Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the connecting the to. Security WEP and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless WEP Encryption WEP security, selects the type of Format ASCII WEP security, selects the input HEX ID to WEP security, selects the WEP ID Encryption to characters the selected WEP ID selected WEP Encryption and the Encryption WEP Authentication WEP security, selects the type of WEP authentication Shared PSK from to WPA-PSK or WPA-2-PSK characters security, selects the the ASCII text input HEX input ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F) ASCII characters HEX characters to and to F)
Network topic: Network Security You the to the there with the Press the button. Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to
Network SNMP Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: EPSON the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, to each field. these or through (where from to If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If to the If this to broadcasted the the Broadcasting the the Broadcasting only). selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and using browser. This the remotely.
The and Microsoft or and that You of the or browser. If to Communication On to and the You of the or functions using the turned connected to the the IP the and the computer's You the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To remotely, the Remote option. You this Selects
Selects and HDMI A/V and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Closed Caption Select the to the function to topic: the Network Related Wireless Network
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to basic features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height Shape the With the Focusing the Remote Selecting Source Aspect Ratio the with the Projecting Turn the or to the the the cover.
the to the the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: the cover the Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary).
Turning the Press the Source Search the or to the topic: Related turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The displays shutdown Press the (To other button.) The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right necessary).
To or the the light then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing the cover. topic:
Selecting the the the Height If to the and another the Turn the Press the Select the and The Network appear non-network Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the rear to their height. If the to the topic: Related Related references
Automatically Correcting Shape With You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the correction corrects when the (The 1751/1761W/1771W and the 1776W corrects and Automatically Correcting With Correcting with Corner Correcting With the topic: Related references Related the You the Screen to the and of to 1776W). The the and these mounted the inches or about to about right or or or The too Projection and the
Press the the or You the the as necessary to the the of the the its the of the Press the Screen displays then this appears: the as the arrow buttons the finished,
Correcting Shape with Corner necessary, the corners individually using Corner the arrow buttons the topic: You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the using the Press the Select the and Select the and Select the Corner and Then You the Corner
Correcting With the the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the
Press the correction, slightly If the of reach, the the the topic: Shape Related references
the With the Focusing the Turn the and You to the the To or reduce the the 1776W 1751/1761W/1771W topic: the the and 1776W: Press the buttons the or 1751/1761W/1771W: the
Remote 1776W 1751/1761W/1771W topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the that the the receivers within the
the Remote as the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the batteries. the Remote as the as topic: Related the Remote You the as wireless from
the Remote as the to using the USB or HDMI to If connected to the or HDMI USB to the USB and to USB wireless the following buttons the to To through or the or buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once to To right-click, the button. To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Related You the as to information The arrow, the
Selecting Source Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote Related If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the connected to turned DVD or other and its necessary). of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the
Press the the the If there than that the to through the and HDMI USB and Network 1761W/1771W/1776W) topic:
Projection the the the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. Rear the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and You the using the or the Projection the Remote the Projection the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection
the Projection the Aspect Ratio You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect However, the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios topic:
the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios Related Quality You the aspect ratio of the displayed to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect button the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input
Aspect ratio Normal the and the aspect ratio of the using the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to 1761W/1771W/1776W Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input Normal using the and the aspect ratio of the Converts the aspect ratio of the to the of the the aspect using the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and The aspect ratio only HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input using the the Turning On Iris
the topic: Related Quality You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre
Turning On Iris bright Sports bright or input only) displays Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) using the DICOM SIM photographs and other This that approaches the DICOM The and topic: Related Quality the Iris to the based the brightness of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the
the with the Select the and Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when Closed Caption Press or to the topic: You the buttons the to the as with The the internal You the each connected input Turn the and that includes Press the buttons as necessary to or the
Slideshow appears the To the to input the using the topic: Related You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily or and the Slideshow Supported Slideshow Starting or topic: Related USB Projection Related Connecting USB or to the Slideshow the following: of
Supported Slideshow to the Converter included with 1761W/1771W/1776W only) instructions to the the Converter CD. topic: Projecting You these of using the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the the the the from Converter CMYK Highly
Starting or type PDF the PDF or 1761W/1771W/ Encrypted 1776W) the topic: Projecting connecting USB to the switch to the USB input and or You the Slideshow options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. with other than PCM or ADPCM
the following as to If to the arrow buttons to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to or To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and To from the arrow buttons to the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To switch from type), of these buttons the Next
Slideshow Previous Next or Next or played) Previous or played) To the follow the on-screen instructions or the Slideshow topic: Projecting Related Disconnecting USB or From the You these options when the Slideshow Sorts first-to-last Sort Ascending Sorts last-to-first
Continuous On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the with with of topic: Starting or
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security You temporarily turn off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You using the A/V the topic:
Action Temporarily and of Related You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the
Security Security You crosshair the indicating the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to Press the repeatedly to the as necessary. To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to of the the buttons the Security cabling to physically the Security the Security topic: You these of security On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protect from the the 1761W/1771W/1776W).
Selecting Security to the to topic: Security To security, the the the Protect This about seconds. 1761W/1771W/1776W Press the arrow to and You the the
Selecting Security Select and the the and the to The displays as as Then the confirmation the You the accepted." Press to to the Protect of the and topic: Security the Protect Select the security to
to the 1761W/1771W/1776W If this the the seconds the appears. To unauthorized of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and To to Network Protect On and 1761W/1771W/1776W). You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the
You the to the the the while the the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If incorrect the displays and to EPSON EPSON the displayed and of ownership the topic: Security
to Related Where to You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which useful the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the as Select and You selection the arrow buttons the to surround the to as the and You to this Select and (If to the selected and the
You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and it to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from the You the buttons or the buttons the Press the button. Select the and The option appear Select the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To buttons the You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them.
Security topic: the You the security the back of the to Security from Security topic: Security You To this, to each and to the Then the once or individually. You match the displayed to each other. least of the to them from overheating. the ID the Remote ID Matching Quality topic:
the ID the ID If to from each ID. Press the Select the and Select ID and the arrow the to the to the Then these the other to from topic: The ID to If to the to to the ID to match the ID. Turn the the to with exclusively. know the ID as the ID the that
Quality the ID the while the that matches the ID. Then release the buttons. Press the ID the to the You the If the as On the ID to the If the as the ID properly. the to the ID to match the to You the ID to match the ID each the to topic: You match the of that to each other. Turn the which to match the ID each the the It to match the ID to match the first
Press the the and Select the and the to and the ID to match the the the and the to the Brightness Correct. the with the matches the and (You to switch the ID back and forth to to each of these the to each this match the to the the Brightness Correct. and the the Correct. G/R and blue-to-yellow B/Y the both the If to match these matching to to and topic:
Projecting You the to from to each other. You the using the or the 1761W/1771W/1776W). While the other features and to both Press the the The currently selected input to the of the Press the You this To input the other the Source the input and (You necessary.) To switch the the and
To the the Screen option, and to the input the appear the choose the To choose the to hear, the Source option, and to Select to hear from the or the To the the or topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or
Quality You the the Press the or arrow buttons to through the the The each displayed the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the using the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of to the tone based and
Iris On the based the brightness when selected The Brightness brightness. To the the topic: the Related Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input
You the of the Tracking and the the To input the and that Automatically On (when On) the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to to or right the location the
whether to interlaced-to-progressive Reduction NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the Expanded connected to the HDMI input the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- fast-moving NR2 height the selected input graphics, and RGB corrects corrects
the ratio to the or topic: the Related Aspect the features.
H/V to and Corner vertically) the and displays Source 1761W/1771W/1776W) to locking to the Three the of the Normal Selects the of the ECO Source H/V manually and or correction 1776W) or off Corner to and on-screen buttons the Normal ECO reduces brightness and and and
Varying the of or Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch On to focusing and the and correcting to topic: the Related Shape Related Appears Quality Front/Rear Closed Caption
the Not the Brightness or Colors Incorrect Quality to or Shut-Off Light to with the Remote Optional and Remote Related the Correcting With the the Remote as the with the Correcting with Corner Unlocking the Automatically Correcting Shape With Screen Correcting with Corner Unlocking the the features that its operation.
Selects options Caption of closed and selects the closed CC1 Creates screen that the displays to and security Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether displayed the A/V Background selects the or to when CC2 Rear Rear whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Direct On Selects operation options Communication On Selects whether the Communication when or (off) 1761W/1771W/1776W) USB USB Selects the of the USB ID Assigns ID the when through to Matches and of Brightness Correct. Direct On the without the Cover High off the of inactivity Correct. the off the the cover closed High the operating USB when to the USB to
Network Network Selects the and displays option) topic: the the Network information and the and 1761W/1771W/1776W).
Information Info Info Wireless LAN wireless and Network Accesses topic: the Related Network Projection You information about the and input the Info the SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC
the input The hours the least hours. Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information yellow, Source the of the to which the input connected the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service the
ID Information item ID the ID to the of ID 1761W/1771W/1776W) ID topic: the Related Optional and Specifications If the ID option the Info displays this of ID the to the associated with the 1761W/1771W/1776W). ID and The Network Turn the off and then Unstable the and connecting to the the the Network Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF
ID and with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. with unauthorized disconnected. to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network Projection and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the You the to when the the option.
You the following using the option: Network items Hours topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and it from to Transporting the to its You to clean the periodically, and clean the and to the from overheating to The only should the and If other replacing, or authorized EPSON servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: try to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and To cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. to the or or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: The the clean. If collects the or them as this clogs the to overheat to to the and to nothing the Cleaning the and the topic: Clean the or they or to clean them. Turn off the and the cord.
the Gently the using or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to clean or the If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to clean or The torn or You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord.
the the of the and of the ABS resin, and of to regulations. the the as shown and clicks
the topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: Related Information Info Specifications Optional and the the cool least hour the Warning: the cool to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour.
the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the chamber. to injury. the cover and off.
the the the and the of the the to the as the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
Gently the the If easily, facing the right Press the shown to the the assembly to Press the the clicks both
the the cover and the screw to the securely or the the to to of the topic: You the the to clear the and to track of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the
the Select the and Select Hours and You to the hours. Select and Press or to the topic: The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of this of types, or and
the cover as shown. the batteries. Warning: If the with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: Related Remote The of which Follow these to or the the cover to the connected to the carrying to hand-carry the the or as carrying Then the firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and Transporting the
Projection Light the these sections the Light the or Sound or Remote Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light to the Flashing Flashing too light that the and with or the too If overheating the
light light and overheated and turned off. turned off to cool Flashing On Flashing the to the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: light that the and with or If operating the high High If overheating the If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. that the and with or If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound Related Where to Related the the Cleaning the and You information to using the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect
Appears There Sound or topic: If appears, the following the or off. Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely and the the and connected Press the to from or connected or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the screen from from using off DirectX topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Unlocking the
Incorrect the USB Function Appears If appears or the appears incorrectly using the USB function, the following Press the USB the the USB software correctly. it manually necessary. the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications With reduce the from With off DirectX If the the of the smooth the EPSON USB Turn off the layered the EPSON USB topic: or Sound Related If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear. Turn the or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the the If the the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the checkbox. topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound Related Supported
Appears the Not If appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound Related Supported If the the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the Turn the 1776W). Press the 1776W) and the the on-screen the Corner to the topic: or Sound Related Related Correcting With Correcting with Corner
the or Static the or Blurry If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both Not connected to the the to they match the that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the using the the Sharpness to If connected without to caused interference the topic: or Sound Related Related From From PC If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the
the Brightness or Colors Incorrect the the that the the 1776W), the from the or the manually. Turn the the Sharpness to If from the the to the and If or the and manually the Tracking and topic: or Sound Related Quality Related Automatically Correcting With Focusing the Cleaning the If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the or the the securely connected to the and If connected If the ECO selecting Normal the If the progressively to the topic: or Sound
There Sound or or Remote Related Related Quality If there sound when or the too try the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily stopped. Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If using the USB function, the from the the EPSON USB If and hear sound from HDMI through the HDMI If to topic: or Sound the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to with the Remote to topic:
to or Shut-Off to with the Remote If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the buttons or the to the The Disconnect the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote the topic: or Remote Operation Related Light Related Unlocking the If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the batteries. operating the within the reception and of the to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or If off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off.
to Network If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or Remote Related Related Optional and Remote Operation If or remember the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and If the from topic: or If to with the 1761W/1771W/1776W), the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the software. the to Communication On the network software the topic: Related Network Projection
Where to Related Network Network If to technical services, the following www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the EPSON service, This service the of warranty You with (U.S.) or hours AM to PM, through and AM to PM, and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information ready: Product Product (located the or of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from EPSON authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of Poly-silicon TFT active F=1.58 to Brightness (XGA) 1761W/1771W/1776W (WXGA) length: to Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO
ratio with Iris and Normal inches to inches Projection Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) 1751/1761W/1771W 1761W/1771W Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO 1776W Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO inches to inches 1761W/1771W/1776W inches to inches 1761W/1771W/1776 1776W
Specifications ratio (Tele-to-Wide) sound 1751/1771W/1776W correction 1750/1761W/1771W USB and USB or USB USB One USB and USB input or EPSON topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) 1751/1771W/1776W to about hours (Normal (ECO 1761W (Normal (ECO only) 1776W or Screen or Screen 1761W
Remote Specifications Specifications Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Related Related Information Info Optional and Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches topic: Technical Specifications 1761W/1771W 1776W
Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) 1751W/1771W/1776W to V) 1751/1771W/1776W topic: Technical Specifications 1751/1771W/1776W to 1761W to Normal ECO Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On) Normal ECO 1761W Normal ECO (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications Supported to to Humidity (relative, to condensing) to to topic: Technical Specifications United States FCC Class ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The below the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA to to to with High UL60950-1 CSA C22.2
Refresh XGA WXGA WXGA WXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA SXGA+ WXGA+ WXGA++ UXGA WSXGA+* MAC13" MAC16" MAC19" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV
Refresh HDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA WXGA++ SXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDTV 1761W/1771W/1776W only topic: Technical Specifications Related "Not Supported" Appears Appears the or Static
USB Related From From PC the to the USB software. (Service only) OS or or XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and and USB USB and (USB recommended) CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Software Copyright Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light children the when cover the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and using the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted or should technicians mounting with this or or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the or of heat. the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the near outlet where the easily the following when the the with the outlet with the the the when the to the when to comply with these fire or shock. cords, or the This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the outlet cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which the If the least inches of the and the the closed-in provided.
of through the of the If using or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the outlet and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or frayed; or the or to or or the housing the shock. the when the where to or humidity. the where to or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of to to Doing and to the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the that become warped or heat the or to the while
Restriction of the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to the of such as candle, or the the or other than the cover. the to temporarily with the cover closed This the or fire. the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. The this mercury. Please and or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) Restriction of topic: Notices this high reliability/safety such as related to or should this only to including and to and reliability. this high reliability/safety such as or related to please this
FCC topic: Instructions United States This tested and found to with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver. the outlet from that to which the connected. the or technician WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the responsibility of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. toutes topic: Notices EPSON and Corner and EPSON of Corporation.
Software Copyright and BrightLink TM TM and TM and EPSON SM and SM service of America, Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices This software as as software to which this the rights. The following information the software this GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL please the "EPSON the and the of These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL
patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE LICENSE Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free softwareto the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and this service wish), that or that the software or of it free and that know these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software.
Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to know that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of individually the To this, clear that everyone's free or The terms and and follow. GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright it the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another included without the as other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole to third the of this
If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or collective based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the terms of Sections and that of the following: Accompany with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and customarily software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of physically distribution, machine-readable of the to distributed the of Sections and software or, Accompany with the information as to the offer to (This allowed only and received the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and
of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice.
This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or Each distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to free software which everyone redistribute and these terms. To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, this when it interactive Copyright year of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or itemswhatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of
This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL please the "EPSON the and the of These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble
The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and softwareto the software free its users. This the to specially software packagestypically the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of free and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the free library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the users of restrictive from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary
therefore such the fits its of The other with the library. this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that the as non-free this there to the to free software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the user of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The terms and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the terms of this "this as "library" of software functions and/or as to conveniently with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the
"Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library. other than copying, and covered this they its The of using the restricted, and from such covered only its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to to third the of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote
the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library. of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then specify that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the The therefore covered this Section terms of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and accessors, and and or length), then the of the
unrestricted, of whether containing this of the Section the of the Library, the the the of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that terms of choice, that the terms of the the customer's and such modifications. You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright notices, include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the who the of the to the to the shared with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. Accompany the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the user already of these or that already this user the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include anything that normally or
with the and of the operating which the that the It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise permitted, and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the combined of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its and or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this would to from of the Library.
If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the specify choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND
PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the hope that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the
Inc., copyright the written of Coon, of That's there to BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California, Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California. rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and accuracy. This software copyright Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these
If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the user responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the JPEG software. (Since only the Huffman that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading altogether, and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW algorithm; the GIF than GIF to that
"The Graphics Format) the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated." This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following additions to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This
with and the of satisfactory performance, and with the through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such
to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software.
to to this software including and to and redistribute freely, to the following The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the to The without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute would that include the history information This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright rights This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including and to it and redistribute freely, to the following
The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from L. of MD5 (RFC This the MD5 RFC whose The from the text of the RFC, including the (section A.5) the of A. It include or that the RFC as copyrighted. The and author of L. Other authors noted the history that follows to from RFC statically or Edited slightly TOC header rather than C++ from Martin This includes the software which the following terms of used) as follows.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this (I) the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the modifications, including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work.
"Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the and of this each hereby to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You (including or that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the contained within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational only and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or terms and reproduction, or of or such
Works as whole, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the terms and of this without terms or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and charge of warranty, indemnity, or other and/or rights with this accepting such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with own information. (Don't include the The text should the the
Copyright Notice that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this EPSON of this information as to other products. Neither Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or unauthorized repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly comply with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as EPSON Products or EPSON Products Corporation. This information to without Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution topic: Notices
Concerning of Copyrighted Copyright Attribution each to and of the copyright when EPSON While copying or of copyrighted those as broad as people copyright topic: Copyright Notice This information to without America, Inc. CPD-36701 topic: Copyright Notice