420/425W/430/435W
Introduction to to these sections to learn about and this Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations The 420/425W/430/435W include these features: Bright, high-resolution 420/425W: to of (white light output and light 430/435W: to of (white light and light Native of (XGA) 425W/435W: Native of (WXGA) USB including and HDMI or Wired and Optional wireless including and PC connected USB memory or VGA or connecting microphone and features of ownership with and high-efficiency High ratio shorter ratio and Iris crisply
Additional Optional and to the to the following To with or purchase information. To You purchase from or authorized topic: You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca offers the following optional and Option or (ELPLP60) V13H010L60 420/425W (ELPLP61) V13H010L61 430/435W (ELPAF36) V13H134A36 LAN (ELPAP07) V12H418P12 Wireless USB (ELPAP08) V12H005M08 DC-11 (ELPDC11) V12H377020 DC-06 (ELPDC06) V12H321005 (ELPCB01) V12H443020 Wireless Microphone (ELPMC02) V12H4430M2 Short Throw Wall Mount (ELPMB27) V12H003Z27 BrightLink interactive (ELPIU03) V12H482020 BrightLink interactive with RM Easiteach (ELPIU03) V12H482020RM
Warranty and Information Option or Active (ELPSP02) V12H467020 Universal mount ELPMBPJF mount plate (ELPPT04) V12H003D06 ELPMBP01 ELPMBP02 round ELPMBP03 to ELPMBC01 security ELPSL01 ELPSC80 ES-3000 (ELPSC26H) V12H002S3Y ES-1000 V12H002S4Y (ELPKC19) V12H005C19 Service EPPFTPA1 1-Year Warranty EPPEXPA1 Service EPPFTPA2 topic: with warranty that with the warranty that with offers Service. the of to to repaired. Instead, anywhere the United States or the Service using the CD or this www.epson.com/webreg products, and services. topic:
Notations Used the Where to Additional Information Locations Follow the these as to to to Notes information about information. topic: Introduction to where to Press the the or to to www.epson.com/support (U.S) or www.epson.ca/support and to technical hours instructions using 420/425W/430/435W), the Network with this from CD. If this and the the service to fast. "Where to topic: Introduction to the to learn about the Rear Remote topic: Introduction to
Foot release foot
Rear cover lights topic: Locations HDMI RS-232C Mic (microphone)
Security Wireless LAN Network LAN USB USB Computer2 Computer1 topic: Locations
mount fixing (three Wall mount fixing Rear Security foot topic: Locations
Source Search (searches connected (selects allowing to and information) buttons (to or reduce the topic: Locations
Remote
through connected through connected buttons numbers) and Aspect (selects the aspect (when switches buttons to function) Arrow through on-screen options and wireless (selects options and wireless buttons and of the A/V off and sound) information) action) (activates on-screen and wireless (selects LAN and optional Wireless USB through connected USB Source Search (searches connected topic: Locations
the and Follow the instructions these sections to the Remote You the to You the mount to location. these as location: the or mount. of around and the and top of or to that the the within of grounded or cord. and Projection topic: the You or to the following
Rear Rear Wherever the to front of the of the If from the or from the rear, to the Projection option the topic:
The which the from the the of the The increases the farther the from the the factor, aspect and other the to to the from the based the of the (Conversion rounded or
Aspect Ratio or or Projection from to inches to inches to inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches only Aspect Ratio or Screen or from inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches inches inches inches inches to
425W/435W Aspect Ratio or Screen or Projection from inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches to
or from inches to inches to inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches inches Aspect Ratio or or Projection from inches to inches to inch inches to inches to inch inches to to inch inches inches inch inches inches inch inches inches inches only Aspect Ratio or or Projection from inches to inches to inch inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches to inches to inches inches inches inches to to to
Connecting to Sources or from inches inches inches inches topic: You the to of and to or other with or without sound. type of that USB or HDMI projection, such as DVD players, and with If or includes sound, input necessary. or shows without USB (such as or or optional If the High to the internal properly. Connecting to Sources Connecting to Sources Connecting to Connecting to Connecting Microphone Connecting to USB Connecting to topic: the Follow the instructions these sections to to the to
Connecting to USB and Connecting to USB and Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Connecting to USB Connecting to Sound topic: If the and to the through the USB (preferably USB the to using USB the the USB to USB Turn the to USB the other to USB of the following: Select the that appears to the USB software. XP as appear and the the USB software Select EPSON_PJ_UD and to the USB software. OS The USB appears USB and follow the on-screen instructions to the USB software.
Connecting to VGA Connecting to HDMI and Follow on-screen instructions. You to this software the first the to the The displays the from and outputs sound, topic: Connecting to Sources You the to VGA To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the VGA Apple options. If necessary, computer's the VGA to the other to the Tighten the screws the VGA topic: Connecting to Sources If HDMI to the using optional HDMI To that includes DisplayPort or to that allows to to the HDMI Apple options. the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to USB the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If connected to Computer or HDMI the the to as wireless This from To this, the to using USB You the wireless function when USB to from the and buttons to through the the USB to the USB to USB the other to USB If necessary, to with USB topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Sound Connecting to Sources Connecting to HDMI Source If includes sound and to the USB or HDMI sound through the optional as the to headphone or or or the other to the that to the topic: Connecting to Sources Follow the instructions these sections to to the Connecting to HDMI Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound topic: If HDMI to the optional HDMI the HDMI to HDMI
Connecting to Source the other to the HDMI topic: Connecting to Sources If to the using to with the to or If these to the VGA to the If appear incorrect, to the the topic: Connecting to Sources
Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Connecting to Source Sound If to the optional or A/V the with the to yellow the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources If to the optional the to the other to the topic: Connecting to Sources You sound through the
Connecting to If the to the using optional If using the or the to the RCA the to of the following: the other of the to the that to the using the and white the other of the to the or topic: Connecting to Sources If connected the to Computer to the This the when the that refresh than to correctly. connected to the If there the Computer1
Connecting to the to topic: To the sound from the to with built-in amplifiers. You the using the The built-in when or connected to the with both and as necessary. the to such as or another type of or of the to as necessary. the of the to topic:
Connecting Microphone Connecting to USB Devices USB You microphone to the Mic to If microphone with the the the microphone to the Mic Turn the microphone, necessary. topic: Follow the instructions these sections to USB to the USB Projection Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source Disconnecting USB or From the topic: You and other without or of these to USB or USB
Connecting USB or to the Selecting the Connected USB Source USB memory or USB-mounted You shows from connected USB or memory topic: Connecting to USB You USB or to the USB and it to and other If USB with the the USB (or USB or USB memory the USB shown USB or USB than or the correctly. the other of the to topic: Connecting to USB Devices You switch the to the connected to USB the connected USB turned necessary. Press the USB the
Disconnecting USB or From the Connecting to Press the to through other USB topic: Connecting to USB Devices with USB or to the from the If the off and the the USB or from the topic: Connecting to USB Devices You to USB to the You to to the instructions. the USB that with the the USB to the USB the other of the to the USB topic:
the The the AA that with the the cover as shown. the with the and facing as shown.
the cover and clicks topic: the
the Network Wired Network Connecting to Wired Network Follow the instructions these sections to Wired Network Wireless Network Projection Network SNMP You to through wired To this, the to and then and connecting and the as the software from the Software CD-ROM the following software and to and projection: Network software the Network Projection from CD instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and Connecting to Wired Network Selecting Wired Network topic: the Network To the to wired (LAN), 100Base-TX or 10Base-T To shielded or of the to router.
Selecting Wired Network the other of the to the LAN topic: Wired Network Projection from the the its already connected the to wired the LAN Turn the Press the Select the Network and
Select Network and the and Select the following basic options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow buttons the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless Network the Wired LAN and If necessary, IP and Select IP as necessary: If assigns automatically, the DHCP If manually, off DHCP and the IP and Gateway as To highlight the from the the arrow buttons the To highlighted To of the IP the off IP selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: Wired Network You to through wireless To this, the optional wireless LAN and then and wireless
the LAN There to the to wireless the optional Wireless USB only) the manually using the Network the and the the software from the Software CD the following software and to and wireless projection: Network Projection software wireless the Network from CD instructions. software only) and through the You the software and from the to www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support and the Wireless LAN Wireless Only) Selecting Wireless Network Manually Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Network Security topic: the Network To the wireless the optional wireless LAN other type of wireless LAN the while its light or flashing, or while wirelessly. You the or Turn off the and the cord.
the screw the wireless LAN then the the wireless LAN the
Wireless Only) the wireless LAN and the screw and turn the topic: Network Projection You the optional Wireless USB to the to wirelessly. Then and the when Turn the the USB to the USB You that the information the USB the USB to USB or the then Allow the Follow the on-screen instructions to the Wireless If Firewall to the firewall.
Selecting Wireless Network Manually displayed the If appear, the LAN or as necessary. wirelessly, the USB from You to to wireless interface. topic: Network from wireless the the its Turn the Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the and the following basic options as necessary: to characters to the the to characters the to characters the the security to to the the with You displayed, from the Network Projection software to the the displayed to the and Press the arrow the to highlight characters and to them.
Wireless LAN Select the Wireless LAN and Select the the Wireless LAN as selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the the wireless to the wireless network Wireless LAN topic: Wireless Network Projection Network Projection selecting these Wireless LAN On wireless LAN
Selects the type of wireless Advanced selects the the wireless Wireless LAN the type of wireless LAN the to SSID On SSID searching to when connecting to the SSID characters the SSID of the wireless LAN the connecting to IP DHCP On or Selects DHCP assigns automatically, IP or off DHCP SSID On Selects whether to the SSID the LAN the IP and Gateway as to or the optional USB to Advanced to wireless
Selecting Wireless Network Selecting Wireless Network OS Wireless Network Security IP On Selects whether to the IP the topic: Selecting Wireless Network Manually connecting to the the wireless To wireless software, the the of the following: If existing Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the Click topic: Network to the the wireless OS X. Click the the the top of the turned then of the following: If existing (Advanced the (SSID). If the SSID assigned to the topic: Wireless Network Projection You security to the wireless of the following security options to match the WEP WPA security
Wireless Security with the information. Press the Select the Network and Select Network and Select the Security and Select the security as to match selecting Complete and follow the instructions to and the Wireless Security topic: Wireless Network Projection the Security the type of security and security that match the the to. Security WEP and WPA Selects the type of security the wireless
Network WEP Encryption WEP security, selects the type of Format ASCII WEP security, selects the input HEX ID to WEP security, selects the WEP ID Encryption to characters the selected WEP ID selected WEP Encryption and the Encryption Format WEP Authentication WEP security, selects the type of WEP authentication PSK from to WPA-PSK or WPA-2-PSK topic: Wireless Network Security You the to the there with the Press the characters security, selects the the ASCII text input HEX input ASCII: characters HEX: characters to and to F) ASCII: characters HEX: characters to and to F)
Select the Network and Select Network and Select the and Turn the IP the SMTP option. these or through (where from to Select the SMTP from to Choose field, the and the to there. to three to characters selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the If to
Network SNMP Network topic: the Network with and selected to containing the following information: EPSON the The of the The IP of the affected information about the If to topic: Network Network SNMP Network software they If this software, the SNMP Press the Select the Network and Select Network and
Networked Select the Others and to IP to SNMP notifications, using to each field. these or through (where from to If the Priority Gateway If AMX the AMX Discovery to allow the to detected. If the to allow the to detected. If connecting to the selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the topic: the Network Once connected to and using browser. This the remotely.
The and features Microsoft or and that You of the or using the turned connected to the the IP the and the You the To the of the and follow the on-screen instructions to To the remotely, the Remote option. You this Selects Selects and HDMI A/V
and Searches Selects the Selects the USB or USB Select the to the function to topic: the Network If the and the and You the or the Broadcasting when information topic: the Network To and and connected to the If connecting wirelessly, the the Advanced Press the button. Select the Network and Select Network and
Select the Others and the to On to allow the to detected. selecting Complete and follow the on-screen instructions to and the Turn off the then to the topic: Once to and browser. connected to the the IP the browser's and the You this
Select the input that to the Sources You through the and arrows the To remotely, the on-screen buttons that to the buttons. You through options the of the These on-screen buttons directly to the buttons: OK acts as the displays the To information about the the Info To and the the and selecting to the topic:
Turning On the Follow the instructions these sections to features. Turning On the Turning the Selecting the the the Height the with the and Focusing the the Remote Selecting Source Projection Aspect Ratio the With the Turn the or to the the
the cover. the to the the
Turning the The light This that the turned With Direct On turned the as as Press the the or the to turn the The and the light flashes as the about seconds, the light flashing and Warning: the when the This and If right the following: Turn the connected or DVD or other and the necessary). Press the Source Search the or to the Press the the the topic: turning off the connected to the shutdown. Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness Press the the or the The shutdown
Press the (To other The the off, and the light With there cool-down the right To or the the light flashing), then the cord. To the or the when the light or flashing
Selecting the the the cover. topic: If to the and another the Turn the Press the
the Select the and Select the and Select the to and Press or to the topic: If from or other and the too high or the height using the Turn the and
To the front foot, the foot release and the front of the The foot from the Release the to the foot. If the the rear to their height. If the to the topic:
Shape Correcting with Corner You the directly front of the of the and If the to the or or or off to the to the the Correcting with Corner Correcting with the topic: You the Corner to the and of that Turn the and You to the using the Press the button. the and Select the and Select the Corner and You the Corner
Correcting with the the arrow buttons the or the to the of the to Then Press the arrow buttons to the as necessary. finished, topic: You the correction buttons to the of that the Turn the and You to the the Press of these buttons the to the
Press the to the The and correction, slightly If the of reach, the using the the topic:
the with the and Focusing the the Remote Operation Turn the and To the the the To reduce the the topic: Turn the and To the the topic: The the from anywhere the to You the or the front or back of the
that the the receivers within the the with bright lights or sunlight, or the to commands. If the the the as Wireless the Remote as topic:
the as Wireless You the as wireless from You the wireless function when USB to the and buttons to through the to the or HDMI USB the USB to USB wireless Press the the and Wireless as the USB the following buttons the to To through the and buttons. To the the the arrow buttons. To left-click, the once it to To right-click, the To the as the with the arrow buttons, then release the topic: Remote
the Remote as Selecting Source You the as to information The arrow, the Press the the the arrow buttons the to the the Press to clear the from the topic: Remote If connected to the such as and DVD to switch from to the other. the to turned DVD or other and its necessary).
of the following: Press the Source Search the or the from the Press the the the If there than that the to through the and HDMI USB and Network topic:
the the Remote the to the correctly. from front of the the top-to-bottom to from or mount. the to from Rear/Ceiling the top-to-bottom and to from the and You the the or the Projection the Remote the the topic: You the to the top-to-bottom. Turn the and the A/V the seconds. The and reappears top-to-bottom. To back to the the A/V seconds topic: Projection
the the Aspect Ratio You the to the top-to-bottom and/or left-to-right the Turn the and Press the Select the and Select the Projection and Select and Press or to the topic: The width-to-height aspect Normally the input from the aspect the aspect ratio to the If to aspect ratio input using the the Aspect Ratio Aspect Ratios
the Aspect Ratio Aspect topic: You the aspect ratio of the to Turn the and switch to the to Press the Aspect the The and of the displayed and the of the aspect ratio appears the To through the aspect input the Aspect repeatedly. topic: Aspect Ratio You the following aspect the input from Black and aspect the aspect ratio and of input 425W/435W Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input and the Normal the and the aspect ratio of the
Aspect ratio Converts the aspect ratio of the to using the of the the aspect using the of the and the aspect ratio of the Native as (aspect ratio and Aspect ratio Automatically the aspect ratio to the input and the Normal the and the aspect ratio of the the aspect Converts the aspect ratio of the to The aspect ratio HDMI topic: Aspect Ratio The offers to brightness, and of and types. You to match and or with the If to input using the the Turning On Iris topic:
the You the the to the Turn the and switch to the to If from DVD or other or other and the necessary. Press the the to the The appearance and the of the appears the To through the input the repeatedly. topic: You the to these the input bright bright Theatre bright Sports** bright displays
Turning On Iris Blackboard the accordingly) Whiteboard whiteboard the accordingly) Customized using the when the input RGB or when the USB USB, or LAN when or topic: the Iris to the based the of the Turn the and switch to the to Press the Select the and
the With the Projecting Slideshow Presentations Select the Iris and On You Iris or off each that the You the Iris when using Closed Caption Press or to the topic: The buttons the internal or connected to the You the each connected input Turn the and that includes To the to input the topic: You Slideshow whenever USB that This and easily or and the Slideshow Presentations Supported Slideshow Starting or topic: Slideshow the following: of topic:
Slideshow Starting or You these of the Slideshow that FAT16/32. type the the the the topic: Projecting USB to the switch to the USB input and or You the Slideshow options or highlighting Option the of the and Press the USB the The Slideshow appears. CMYK Highly Animated
the following as to If to the arrow to highlight the and the To back highlight to Top and To highlight Next or Previous and of the following to or To the arrow buttons to highlight the and (Press the to to the To of the the arrow to highlight the Slideshow option the of the and If than characters or include the shortened or the While the following commands to the as necessary: To displayed the or arrow To to the or previous the or right arrow To the follow the instructions or the Slideshow topic: Projecting
Slideshow You these options when using the Slideshow Sort Ascending Sorts first-to-last Sorts last-to-first Continuous On continuously through Switching the to Seconds the selected and switches to the with Transitions with of
topic: Starting or
the and Sound Temporarily Follow the instructions these sections to the and Sound Temporarily Action Temporarily and of Security Creating to You temporarily off the and sound to redirect sound or action to however, the that If to such as or when the this the Press the A/V the to temporarily and sound. To the and sound back A/V You the A/V the topic:
Action and of You temporarily the action or and the the sound or action to however, the that Press the the to the action. To the action topic: You to of of the and the Press the the You crosshair the the of the the following buttons the to the the arrow buttons to the crosshair the to
Security Security Press the repeatedly to the it to four To around the the arrow buttons. To of the the as necessary. To to the topic: You to theft or the following security features: security to the from turned and to the and other security to operation of the using the the Security cabling to physically the Security the Projector's Security topic: You these of security shared On Protect from the without first Protect from the the when or when the A/V The of the theft the owner. Network Protect from the the Selecting Security to the to topic: Security
To security, the the the Protect This about seconds. Press the arrow to and You the the Select and the the and the buttons to The displays as as Then the the You the accepted."
Selecting Security to the Press to to the Protect of the and topic: Security the Protect Select the security to If this the the seconds the appears. To of the On Protect On and To to the or related Protect On and To to Network Protect On and You the Protect to the as theft to the to the to the topic: Security If and On Protect to whenever the
You the to the the the while the using the buttons. The If the incorrect, the following You and to the to proceed. If the incorrect three that the and the the off, and the from the Then the cord, the back and the to than and the displayed and of purchase information to to the
to If the incorrect the locked. You the to service. topic: Security You to the and then whenever the You the when the input or when temporarily (using the A/V This the The as the photo, graphic, or which the to theft. You to the protection the to as the Press the the and Select the and You to the as Select and You selection the arrow the to surround the to as the and You to this
Select and (If to the selected and the You the factor Select and You to the as the Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the Select the and Select and Select when to the To whenever there input Background and to To whenever the and to On To whenever the A/V A/V and to To from the without first and security. topic: Security
the Unlocking the You the buttons the to from the You the or the buttons the Press the Select the and the and Select of these and To of the buttons, To the button, You Select and Unlocking the topic: Security If the buttons locked, the the seconds to them. topic: the
Security Creating to You of security the to theft. the security the back of the to Security from the security the to and to or heavy topic: Security You to the and then as to when the This the the to as the from connected or
Press the the and Select the and Select the and You to the displayed as Select and It the to the the its or connected finished. You Press to the topic:
the the Follow the instructions these sections to the and the Quality Network Network Information Info You the to the that The displays the the Press the the or You the the
Quality Press the or arrow to through the the The each the right. The the input To the displayed Press the or arrow to through the the the buttons the of the To the to their Press or to the topic: the the the of the input currently The the currently selected input input
input
To input the connected and that the of the of Brightness Varying or the Varying the light and of the Varying the intensity of the Varying the of to tones the Sharpness Varying the sharpness or of to the tone based each the intensity of the and
Iris On the based the brightness when selected The Brightness brightness. To the brightness the topic: the Normally the and the input automatically. If to the the The the currently selected input Computer/RGB input input
input HDMI input
You the of the Tracking and pressing the the To input the connected and that On Automatically (when On)
the input Normal the option Tracking Varying to Varying to or right the location the whether to Reduction 420/425W/430/435W NR1 HDMI Normal the to match the of the 420/425W/430/435W Expanded to the HDMI input and fast-moving NR2 graphics, and
the type from input connected to RGB the type from the input connected to the Aspect the of aspect the aspect ratio (width-to- topic: the the features. height the selected input RGB corrects corrects
H/V to and Corner vertically) Varying the of the locking to the Three the of the buttons H/V manually and or turn correction or off Corner to and using on-screen the
Normal Selects the of the ECO Varying the of or Mic Varying the of the when microphone Remote reception of the selected receiver; Rear off receivers Assigns option to the the Info one-touch Front/Rear Caption Mic Normal brightness ECO reduces and and and
Selects options topic: the the that its operation. the selected type the to selects the type of or to and as displays to focusing and the and correcting
Selects options Closed Caption of and selects the CC1 Creates that the displays to and security Projection Selects the the the the oriented correctly Background whether displayed the Screen A/V Background selects the or to when received CC2 Rear Rear whether appears when the A/V selects the or to when A/V turned
Direct On Selects options Communication On Selects whether the following when the or (off) Microphone On Selects whether the from connected microphone when the Direct On the without the High off the of inactivity the High the operating the input the option from the Computer1 from connected microphone
Network Network Selects the and displays option) topic: the the Network information and the and
Information Info Info Wireless LAN wireless and Info Wired LAN wired and DHCP Network Accesses additional topic: the You information about the and input the Info the SSID DHCP IP Gateway MAC IP Gateway MAC
the input The hours the least hours. Information item the of hours the Normal and ECO the information displayed yellow, Source the of the to which the input the input of the input the of the input the of the input Refresh Rate the refresh of the input Info information that service information about that service the ID the ID to the of ID
ID ID topic: the If the ID option the Info this of ID the to the associated with the ID and The Network Projection Turn the off and then the and connecting to the the the Network Projection Communication with disconnected. the Network Projection The Network Projection unexpectedly. the then turn the off and then 04FE occurred. Turn the off and then 04FF with the SSID. and to the SSID. The WPA/WPA2 authentication type match. the wireless security correct. The WEP/TKIP/AES type match. the wireless security correct. Communication with disconnected.
ID and to DHCP. the DHCP operating correctly. If DHCP, off the DHCP the Network occurred. restarting the Network and restarting If that the topic: Information Info You of the to their the option the You the to when the the option. You the following the option: Network items Hours
topic: the
and Transporting the Cleaning the Follow the instructions these sections to and it from to Transporting the to its You to the and clean the and to the from overheating to The only should the and If other replacing, or authorized servicer. Warning: cleaning of the off and the cord. cover the as specifically this the severely. Warning: to service this yourself, as specifically this other servicing to servicers. Cleaning the Cleaning the and the Remote topic: and Transporting the Clean the or whenever or the To or the with lens-cleaning
Cleaning the and Cleaning the and To lint-free cloth with and the directly the Warning: that The high heat the fire. to the or or the touching the with to or to the topic: cleaning the off the and the cord. To or lint-free cloth. To cloth with and directly the thinner, or other chemicals to the These the or the topic: The the clean, and its the If the or them as this clogs the to overheat to to the and to nothing the Cleaning the and the topic: Clean the or they or to them. Turn off the and the cord.
the Gently the or (such as paintbrush). You the both of the or or to clean or the If to or the the topic: and You to the the following cleaning the to or The torn or You the while the mounted to the necessary. The the Turn off the and the cord.
the the and the cover. the of the of to
the the as shown. the cover. topic: and The of the of hours the and displays this information the
the the as as when the following The or to appears when the to the The light flashing the the topic: the the cool least hour the Warning: the to You the while the mounted to the necessary. Turn off the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour. the screwdriver included with the to the screw the cover. Warning: If the the to injury.
the cover and off. the screws the to the The screws the
the and the of the The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the
the the If easily, facing the right Press the the assembly to
the and the screws to the cover and the screw to the cover securely or the
the the to to track of the topic: You the the to clear the and to of correctly. the the to information. Turn the Press the Select the and and You to the Select and Press or to the topic:
the Remote The AA or batteries. the as as they the type of specified this of types, or and the cover as shown. the Warning: If the it with cloth and the If them immediately to injury. the with the and facing as shown.
Transporting the the cover and clicks Warning: of to to heat or of the reach of they and topic: The of which Follow these to or the connected to the the or as firm with cushioning around and the the repairs, its or with cushioning around the the incurred topic: and the
Light the these sections the Projection Light the or Sound or Network Not Where to If the properly, turning off and Then back and If this the the following: The lights the what the The information about the operating. The this If of these technical topic: The lights the the and know when the and of the lights and the below.
light light light light light and Normal operation. Flashing Warming to appear. or Flashing or the light to the Flashing Flashing too light that the and with or the too If overheating the
light light and overheated and off. turned off to Flashing On Flashing the to using the Flashing or Turn the off, and or flashing Flashing Flashing Turn the off, and If the lights the the off, and topic: light that the and with or If operating the high High If overheating the If the the and to the or incorrectly. Reseat or the as necessary. that the and with or If operating the high High If the the and
the or Sound Appears You information to the Turn the Press the the or the You the the and arrow buttons to highlight the to Press to the finished, of the following: To another to To the topic: the these sections with or sound. Appears Incorrect the USB Function Appears "Not Supported" Appears Appears the Not the or Static the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect There Sound or to Microphone topic: If appears, the following the cover or off.
Incorrect the USB Function Appears Press the A/V the to the temporarily turned off. securely connected and the the and connected Press the to from or or the the to they the the Brightness or the Normal the to to On If the when the buttons, the buttons locked. Unlock the buttons. If the when buttons the the receivers turned with reduce the from from using off DirectX topic: or Sound If appears or the appears incorrectly the USB function, try the following Press the USB the the USB the to USB With OS X, the USB the or from the Applications With reduce the from With off DirectX Turn off the layered the USB topic: or Sound If the appears, the following Press the Source Search and seconds to appear.
From PC From "Not Supported" Appears Turn the connected or and its to necessary. the from the to If from to If necessary, turn the and the connected or off and then From PC From topic: or Sound If the when from PC to the to the and the with or CRT/LCD seconds to appear. To both the and the pressing the If the displayed the and the to the or instructions.) If necessary, and the option to topic: Appears If the when from to the the Preferences and Select the VGA or LCD option, necessary. Click the or Select the topic: Appears If the "Not Supported" appears, the following the input selected the
Appears the Not the or Static the the and If necessary, topic: or Sound If only appears, the following Press the the to the the the Press the Aspect the to aspect If or of the the buttons, the to to to and the within the the assigned to to they created than software topic: or Sound If the try the following the directly front of the of the facing squarely, If the height the the buttons the to the the Corner to the topic: or Sound If the to interference or the following the or to the They should from the to interference Securely connected both
the or Blurry the Brightness or Colors Incorrect Not to the the to they match the If the and Reduction Select that with the If from the the to the Tracking and If the the the Sharpness to If connected without to caused interference the topic: or Sound If the or the following the Clean the To the the from the to the enough to the and directly front of the the that the the Sharpness to If from the the to the and If or the and manually the Tracking and topic: or Sound If the too or light, or the incorrect, the following Press the the to the and
There Sound or to Microphone the the the input such as Brightness and/or selected the input the the securely connected to the and If connected try connecting If the incorrect from selected the If using the ECO try selecting Normal the If the to the topic: or Sound If there sound when or the too the following the Press the A/V the to and they temporarily Press the Source Search to switch to the input necessary. or to the turned and the the the the and If hear sound from HDMI the connected to PCM connected If the USB function, the from the the USB topic: or Sound If there sound when microphone to the the following the microphone securely connected to the the Mic and as the topic: or Sound
or Remote to or Shut-Off to With the the these sections operating the or to or Shut-Off to With the Remote to topic: If the when the or off unexpectedly, the following the securely connected to the and to The buttons security. Unlock the or the to the The defective. the and If the off unexpectedly, of inactivity. to the If the off and the and lights red, the overheated and off. the this light If the the the its and the Remote Receivers turned the topic: or Remote If the to commands, the following that the correctly and If necessary, the operating the within the reception and of the to the causing to Release the to the sunlight, or with the receivers. the lights or the from the or
to Network Not Where to If turn off of the receivers the or the receivers turned off. If assigned ID to the to to or the ID with If the another from topic: or If or try the following You turned protection without first the If incorrect too and write the and If the from topic: or Remote If to with the the following the turned and connected to the correctly. (If the the correctly the or the network software. the to Communication On the software the topic: If to technical services, the following
www.epson.com/support (U.S.) or www.epson.ca/support to with You and and troubleshooting or with to To the service, and the PIN the included This the of to representative, and free. This service AM to PM, through the of warranty You with of these numbers: U.S.: AM to PM, Monday through and AM to PM, AM to PM, through and hours of to without or charges apply. the following information Product Product (located the or of the or of purchase (such as and of purchase or of the Purchase and You purchase other optional and from authorized To the 800-GO-EPSON purchase www.epsonstore.com (U.S. or www.epson.ca To purchase (U.S.) or topic:
Technical Specifications Specifications These sections the technical specifications of Specifications Specifications Remote Specifications Specifications Specifications Specifications and Specifications Supported USB of Poly-silicon TFT active F=1.80 (XGA) 425W/435W (WXGA) length:
Brightness 420/425W ratio with Iris and Normal Projection to inches to Projection rear, ceiling-mounted aspect ratio (width-to-height) ratio (Tele-to-Wide) Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light (ISO 430/435W Normal White light (ISO light ECO White light output (ISO to to 425W/435W to inches to 425W/435W
Specifications sound 420/425W correction USB USB and USB or USB USB and USB input or topic: Technical Specifications UHE High Efficiency) 420/425W (Normal (ECO 430/435W (Normal (ECO 430/435W
Remote Specifications Specifications 420/425W Turn off this when to the of the selected, and Brightness topic: Technical Specifications Reception or AA topic: Technical Specifications Height inches inches inches Normal to about hours ECO to about hours 430/435W Normal to about hours ECO to about hours
Specifications 420/425W topic: Technical Specifications Rated supply to VAC to V) 420/425W 430/435W 420/425W to 430/435W to Normal ECO 430/435W Normal ECO 420/425W (Communication On) 430/435W (Communication (Communication On)
Specifications and Specifications to V) 420/425W topic: Technical Specifications to to to (relative, non-condensing) to to topic: Specifications United States FCC Class Normal ECO 430/435W Normal ECO 420/425W (Communication (Communication On) 430/435W (Communication (Communication On) to to to with High UL60950-1
Supported ICES-003 Class topic: Technical Specifications or should to the includes that other resized to automatically. or refresh with the or The below the refresh and each Refresh RGB) VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA+ WXGA+ UXGA WSXGA+* WUXGA (Reduced MAC13" CSA C22.2
Refresh MAC16" MAC19" MAC21" TV (NTSC) TV (PAL) TV (SECAM) SDTV SDTV SDTV SDTV HDTV HDTV HDMI input VGA SVGA XGA WXGA SXGA SXGA+ UXGA SDTV SDTV
USB Refresh HDTV HDTV HDTV 425W/435W when the option as the topic: Technical Specifications the to the USB software. (Service only) OS or or XP Professional, Edition, and PC Edition Service and Professional, and and and CPU III or PC G4 or (Core or recommended) or recommended) Memory 256MB or (512MB or 512MB or recommended) 20MB or and or
topic: Technical Specifications
Notices Recycling Information these sections about Recycling Information Instructions FCC Software Copyright Copyright Notice offers recycling of products. Please to www.epson.com/recycle information to products topic: Notices the when the turned the bright light the when the the and covers. the as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to service Warning: The and its from to of suffocation. the the with the invisible the the life. cloth or to the topic: Notices
Instructions Follow these instructions when and the the when the The bright light the or the its or while to the than or back. If the mounted should technicians using mounting with this or mount, to the screws from and or This the to crack and the to from its mount. This serious to the mount and the the or of heat. the type of indicated the of fire or shock. If of the or the where the easily the following when the the with the with the the the when the to the when disconnecting to comply with these fire or shock. outlets, cords, or the This fire or shock. the where the This or to the the from the cleaning. cloth (or, or cloth that cleaning. or cleaners. the and the They and the from overheating. the or other or top of which the If the least inches of the and the the closed-in
of through the of the If or least of the to allow You to the and or to cool the or the the of as specifically this to service this yourself. servicing to or covers to and other covers the as specifically this to or the repairs to service the from the and servicing to service the following normally when follow the operating instructions, or performance; or from the the or or or the or to or or the housing the the when it the where to or humidity. the where to or or the or location, such as heater, sunlight, or closed vehicle. If the country other than where purchased the that country. the or heavy the of the of. Doing and to the of the of to to or sunlight of Doing to the anything that become warped or heat the or to the while
FCC the its turned off, the from the and disconnected. to the immediately removing the off the and least hour to allow the to cool completely. the or to impacts. the of such as candle, or the the cord. heavy top of the or or excessively. the from If the the to the from or with or mouth. If or with or mouth, immediately. If the mounted overhead and the to of from when the cover. The this mercury. Please and regulations or recycling. the WARNING The cords included with this chemicals, including lead, known to the State of California to or other (This with Health and following.) topic: Notices United States This tested and found to comply with the Class to of the FCC These to reasonable protection interference installation. This and and, and with the instructions, interference to or reception. there that interference installation. If this interference to and reception, which turning the off and the user to to the interference or of the following or the Increase the the and receiver.
the outlet from that to which the connected. the or WARNING The of non-shielded interface to this the FCC or Declaration of this and interference which the established the FCC this It the of the to and shielded interface with this If this than interface connected to interfaces. or the the authority to the This Class of the Interference-Causing Regulations. topic: Notices and Corner and Corporation. and TM TM and BrightLink TM and SM and SM service of America, Inc. HDMI and High-Definition Interface the or of HDMI Licensing LLC. Notice: Other and of their respective owners. and rights those topic: Notices
Software Copyright GNU GPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("GPL the of the GPL years the of of this If to the of the GPL as the These GPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of GPL as follows and the of author the of the GPL The of GPL patches wireless_tools EPSON The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
Copyright Software Foundation, Inc., Street MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users. This to of the Software Foundation's software and to other whose authors to using other Software Foundation software covered the GNU instead.) You apply to of free software, to to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish), that or that the software or of free and that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to the rights. These to of the software, or of such whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the software, and offer this which to and/or the software. Also, each author's protection and to that everyone that there warranty this software. If the software and its to that what they the that introduced others the authors' Finally, free threatened constantly software to the that redistributors of free individually the To this, clear that everyone's or The terms and copying, and follow.
GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to or other which the copyright distributed the of this The below, to such or and based the the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated another translation included without the as Activities other than and covered this they its The of the restricted, and the from the covered its based the of the Whether that what the You and of the as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and other of the of this with the You fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the and and such or the of Section that of these You the to that the and the of You that or publish, that whole or or from the or thereof, to as whole to third the terms of this If the normally reads commands interactively when when such interactive the ordinary to or including copyright and that there warranty (or that warranty) and that users redistribute the these and the user to of this the interactive normally such based the to These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the and reasonably and themselves, then this and its apply to those sections when them as
when the sections as of whole which based the the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the of another based the with the (or with based the of or the other the of this You and the (or based Section or the of Sections and that of the following: with the machine-readable which distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with written offer, least three years, to third party, charge than of machine-readable of the to distributed the terms of Sections and software or, with the information received as to the offer to (This allowed and the or with such offer, with Subsection The the of the to the associated interface the to and of the as the distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the If of or offering to from then offering to the from the counts as of the though third to the with the You or the as this otherwise to or the and terminate rights this However, who or
rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions this Therefore, or the (or based the of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the the from the to or the to these and You further the of the rights You third to this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the would royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the both and this to from of the If of this section or the of the section to apply and the section as whole to apply other It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the software which implemented people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or willing to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those that only or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this
The Software Foundation and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the of this choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other free whose write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If and to of the to the the to this to software which everyone redistribute and these terms.
To the following to the It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the and of what Copyright of author> This software; redistribute and/or the of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should of the GNU with this write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA. information to and If the interactive, output this when interactive Copyright of author with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY; type This free software, and to redistribute type The hypothetical commands and should the of the the commands something other than and they mouse-clicks or items--whatever You should as or to "copyright the necessary. the Inc., copyright the (which written of of This incorporating If subroutine library, to with the library. If this what to the GNU instead of this
GNU LGPL This includes the software which apply the GNU or ("LGPL the of the LGPL years the of of this If to the of the LGPL as the These LGPL WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU The of LGPL as follows and the of author the of the LGPL LGPL SDL-1.2.13 The GNU as follows. You the GNU GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE February Copyright Software Foundation, Inc. MA USA Everyone to and of this allowed. [This the first released of the GPL. It counts as the of the GNU hence the Preamble The software to freedom to and the GNU to freedom to and free software--to the software free its users.
This the to specially software packages--typically libraries--of the Software Foundation and other authors who to You first think about whether this or the ordinary the to based the below. of free software, to freedom of to that the freedom to of free software (and charge this service wish); that or that the software and of and that that these things. To rights, to that to these rights or to to these rights. These to of the or of the library, whether or fee, the the rights that You that they, or the If other with the library, to the that they them with the to the and them these terms they know their rights. rights with copyright the library, and offer this which to and/or the library. To each to clear that there warranty the library. Also, the and the should know that what they the that the author's affected that might introduced others. Finally, software threat to the of to that effectively the of free from Therefore, that obtained of the with the freedom of specified this GNU software, including covered the ordinary GNU This the GNU to and from the ordinary this to those non-free with library, whether statically or shared library, the of the combined of the library. The ordinary therefore such only the fits its of The other with the library.
this the to the freedom than the ordinary It other free software of non-free These the reason the ordinary the occasions, there to the of library, that becomes To this, non-free allowed to the library. that free the as non-free this there to the to software only, the other to non-free of people to of free software. to the GNU C free people to the whole GNU operating as as its the operating Although the protective of the users' that the of that with the the freedom and the wherewithal to that of the Library. The and copying, and follow. to the based the library" and that the library". The from the library, whereas the combined with the to GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION This to software or other which the copyright or other authorized distributed the of this "this Each as "library" of software and/or as to with (which of those and to The "Library", below, to such software or which distributed these terms. based the Library" the or copyright that to containing the or of or with and/or translated straightforwardly another translation included without the "Source the of the to library, the associated interface the to and of the library.
other than copying, and covered this they its The of the restricted, and output from such covered its based the of the of the writing Whether that what the and what the that the You and of the Library's as that conspicuously and each copyright and of warranty; the that to this and to the of warranty; and of this with the Library. You charge fee the physical of and option offer warranty protection fee. You or of the or of based the Library, and and such or the terms of Section that of these The software library. You the to that the and the of You the whole of the to charge to third the terms of this If facility the to function or of to that the facility, other than as when the facility then to that, the supply such function or the facility operates, and whatever of its function to that of the Therefore, Subsection that function or this function optional: the supply the function These apply to the as whole. If sections of that from the Library, and reasonably and themselves, then this and its terms, apply to those sections when them as when the sections as of whole which based the Library, the of the whole the terms of this whose other to the whole, and to each and every of who wrote the of this section to rights or rights to written rather, the to the right to the of or based the Library.
of another based the with the (or with based the Library) of or the other the of this You to apply the terms of the ordinary GNU instead of this to of the Library. To this, the that to this that they to the ordinary GNU instead of to this (If than of the ordinary GNU appeared, then that instead wish.) other these notices. Once this that the ordinary GNU to and from that This option useful when to of the of the that library. You and the (or or of Section or the terms of Sections and that with the machine-readable which distributed the of Sections and software If of offering to from then offering to the from the the to the though third to the with the that of of the Library, to with the or with that the Library". isolation, of the Library, and therefore the of this that the Library" with the that of the of the Library), rather than that the library". The therefore covered this Section of such that the Library" from header that of the Library, the the of the though the Whether this the without the Library, or the library. The threshold this to precisely If such and accessors, and and or length), then the of the unrestricted, of whether it containing this of the Section
the of the Library, the the the terms of Section containing that Section whether or they directly with the to the Sections or that the Library" with the to containing of the Library, and that of choice, that the of the the customer's and such You with each of the that the and that the and its covered this You supply of this If the displays copyright include the copyright the them, as as reference directing the user to the of this Also, of these things: the with the machine-readable the including whatever the (which distributed Sections and and, the with the Library, with the machine-readable that the Library", as and/or that the the and then to containing the Library. (It that the user who the of the to the to the with the Library. that of the already the rather than copying functions the and properly with of the library, the as as the interface-compatible with the that the with. the with written offer, least three years, to the the specified Subsection charge than the of this distribution. If of the offering to from offer to the specified from the that the already of these or that already this the of the that the Library" include and the from as the to distributed include that normally distributed or with the and of the operating which the that the
It that this the of other that normally the operating both them and the together that You that based the together with other covered this and such combined library, that the of the based the and of the other otherwise and that these things: Accompany the combined with of the based the Library, with other This distributed the of the Sections with the of the fact that of based the Library, and where to the accompanying of the You with, or the as this otherwise to with, or the and terminate rights this who received or rights, from this their terminated as such You to this nothing to or the or its These actions prohibited this Therefore, or the (or based the Library), of this to and its terms and copying, or the or based Each redistribute the (or based the Library), the from the to with or the to these terms and You further the of the rights You third with this If, as of or of or other reason to (whether or otherwise) that the of this they from the of this If as to obligations this and other obligations, then as the royalty-free redistribution of the those who directly or indirectly through then the only both and this would to from of the Library. If of this section or the of the section to apply, and the section as whole to apply other
It the of this section to induce to or other property right or to of such this section the of protecting the of the free software which people to the of software distributed through that of that to the author/donor to or to software through other and that choice. This section to thoroughly clear what to of the of this If the and/or of the restricted countries or copyrighted interfaces, the copyright who the this geographical those countries, that or countries excluded. such this incorporates the as written the of this The Software Foundation revised and/or of the from to to the to or distinguishing If the of this which to and the option of following the terms and of that or of published the Software Foundation. If the choose published the Software Foundation. If to incorporate of the other whose incompatible with these, write to the author to software which copyrighted the Software Foundation, write to the Software Foundation; this. the of the free of of free software and of promoting the and of software generally. NO WARRANTY BECAUSE THE LIBRARY IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY FOR THE LIBRARY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER PARTIES PROVIDE THE LIBRARY "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LIBRARY IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE LIBRARY PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE LIBRARY AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE LIBRARY (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR FAILURE OF THE LIBRARY TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS to Apply These Terms to New If library, and to of the to the free software that everyone redistribute and You redistribution these terms (or, alternatively, the of the ordinary To apply these terms, the following to the library. It to them to the of each to effectively the of warranty; and each should least the "copyright" and to where the found. to the library's and of what Copyright of author> This free software; redistribute and/or the terms of the GNU as published the Software Foundation; of the or option) This distributed the that WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. the GNU You should received of the GNU with this library; write to the Software Foundation, Inc., MA USA information to and You should as or to "copyright the library, necessary. the Inc., copyright the written of of That's there to
BSD Software Distribution This includes the software "University of California Software Distribution which the terms and of the copyright to the "BSD The "BSD WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of BSD terms of of each which of the copyright to the "BSD as follows. Copyright The of the University of California rights This from software contributed to Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) Thomas G. This of the JPEG Group's software. of and the accompanying README This the sixth release of the JPEG Group's free JPEG software. You to redistribute this software and to to the LEGAL ISSUES, below. LEGAL ISSUES English: that this software please know!) You this software whatever You to You that wrote this software. If acknowledge somewhere that the IJG The authors NO WARRANTY or representation, or implied, with to this software, its quality, merchantability, or This software "AS IS", and its the as to its and This software copyright (C) Thomas G. Rights as specified below. to and this software (or thereof) without fee, to these
If of the this software distributed, then this README included, with this copyright and no-warranty and additions, or to the clearly indicated accompanying If distributed, then the accompanying that "this software based the of the JPEG Group". of this software the user responsibility the authors NO LIABILITY of These apply to software from or based the IJG to the library. If ought to acknowledge NOT the of IJG author's or or publicity relating to this software or products from This software to as "the JPEG Group's software". specifically and the of this software as the of products, that warranty or the included this of L. of its copyright of CA. NOT covered the copyright and instead the terms of the Software Foundation; principally, that include redistribute the as of from the IJG this than the The Unix with GNU It copyright the Software Foundation freely The its ltmain.sh). Another install-sh, copyright M.I.T. freely It appears that the option of the JPEG covered IBM, AT&T, and Hence without or this reason, arithmetic from the JPEG software. (Since arithmetic only the Huffman that as there the The IJG included to and write GIF To with the LZW GIF reading and the GIF writer simplified to This the LZW the GIF than GIF to that "The Graphics the Copyright property of CompuServe Incorporated. Service property of CompuServe Incorporated."
This includes the software which the terms and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. of and copyright Copyright Copyright Andreas Copyright Inc.) This of the of this and the the that included the the COPYRIGHT NOTICE, DISCLAIMER, and LICENSE: If immediately following this Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors July through October Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors S. Raymond and with the following to the There warranty interference with of the or There warranty that or the of or This with and the of satisfactory quality, performance, and with the
through March Copyright and distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Tom through Copyright Distributed to the and as with the following to the of Contributing Authors: Bracey Tom through Copyright Inc. the of this copyright and "Contributing Authors" as the following of Andreas The PNG Reference "AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Inc. warranties, or implied, including, without the warranties of merchantability and of The Contributing Authors and Inc. indirect, exemplary, or which from the of the PNG Reference Library, of the of such to and this or hereof, without fee, to the following The of this
plainly as such and as the This Copyright or from or The Contributing Authors and Inc. specifically without fee, and the of this as to the PNG products. If this acknowledgment would appreciated. "png_get_copyright" function "about" and the printf("%s",png_get_copyright(NULL)); Also, the PNG PNG of the and and OSI Certified Source Software. OSI Certified Source of the Source Initiative. This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright (C) and This software 'as-is', without or warranty. the authors from the of this software. to to this software including applications, and to and redistribute it freely, to the following
The of this software that wrote the software. If this software acknowledgment the would required. plainly as such, and as the software. This or from If the to The free without warranty of The written and include third-party If redistribute that include the history information This includes the software which the following terms of (only used) terms as follows. TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION Definitions. the and reproduction, and as Sections through of this the copyright or authorized the copyright that the Entity" the of the acting and other that by, or with that entity. the of this the or indirect, to the or of such entity, whether or
otherwise, or ownership of or of the or ownership of such entity. (or or Entity this "Source" the including to software and from mechanical transformation or translation of Source including to and to other types. "Work" the of authorship, whether Source or the as indicated copyright that included or attached to the the below). Works" whether Source or that based (or from) the Work and which the revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other as whole, of authorship. the of this Works include that from, or (or to the interfaces of, the Work and Works thereof. "Contribution" of authorship, including the of the Work and or additions to that Work or Works thereof, that intentionally to inclusion the Work the copyright or or Entity authorized to of the copyright owner. the of this "submitted" of or written to the or its including to and tracking that by, or of, the the of and the Work, that conspicuously or otherwise writing the copyright as "Not Contribution." "Contributor" and or Entity of whom Contribution and incorporated within the Work. of Copyright to the and of this each to You royalty-free, copyright to Works of, publicly publicly and the Work and such Works Source or of to the terms and of this each to You royalty-free, as stated this section) to offer to and otherwise the Work, where such to those such that their Contribution(s) or of their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) submitted. If You
(including or counterclaim that the Work or Contribution incorporated within the Work or contributory then to You this that Work terminate as of the such Redistribution. You and of the Work or Works thereof with or without modifications, and Source or that You the following You other of the Work or Works of this and You to that You the and You the Source of Works that You copyright, and from the Source of the Work, those that to of the Works; and If the Work includes "NOTICE" text as of its then Works that You include of the within such NOTICE those that to of the Works, least of the following within NOTICE text distributed as of the Works; within the Source or with the Works; or, within the Works, and wherever such third-party normally appear. The of the NOTICE informational and the You within Works that You or as to the NOTICE text from the Work, that such as the You copyright to and or and reproduction, or of or such Works as whole, reproduction, and of the Work otherwise with the stated this of You explicitly otherwise, Contribution intentionally inclusion the Work You to the the and of this without or Notwithstanding the nothing or the terms of with such This to the service or of the as reasonable and customary the of the Work and the of the NOTICE of Warranty. or to writing, the Work (and each its "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied, including, without
warranties or of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You the of or redistributing the Work and associated with of this of and theory, whether tort (including or otherwise, (such as and acts) or to writing, to You including indirect, or of character as of this or of the or to the Work (including to of or malfunction, or and other or such of the of such Warranty or Additional While redistributing the Work or Works thereof, You choose to offer, and of warranty, indemnity, or other obligations and/or rights with this such obligations, You only and responsibility, of other Contributor, and only You to and each incurred by, or asserted such reason of such warranty or END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPENDIX: to apply the to To apply the to the following with the with information. (Don't include the The text should the the that or and of included the as the copyright within third-party archives. Copyright of copyright owner] Licensed the (the this with the You of the or to writing, software distributed the distributed "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, or implied. the the and the
This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of of of each which of the copyright to the as follows. Copyright Brian Worcester UK rights LICENSE TERMS The redistribution and of this software (with or without allowed without the of or that: include the copyright this of and the following include the copyright this of and the following their the of the copyright to products built this software without written DISCLAIMER This software 'as with or warranties of its including, to, and/or This includes the software which the and of the copyright to the The WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of terms of of each which of the copyright to the as follows.
The subdirectory of software from Each its copyright/license that the otherwise noted the of the the following copyright apply to the of the subdirectory: Incorporated Copyright Inc. rights This copyrighted to to or redistribute to the terms and of the BSD This distributed the that it WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY or implied, including the of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. of this that incorporated the or to the BSD and or replicated with the of Inc. University of California Copyright The of the University of California rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the distribution. Neither the of the University the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M. (AT&T
The author of this software M. Copyright AT&T. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, NEITHER THE AUTHOR NOR AT&T MAKES ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The author of this software M. Copyright (C) Rights to and this software and its and without fee granted, that the copyright appear and that both that the copyright and this and warranty appear and that the of or of its or publicity to of the software without written LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE. Advanced Devices Copyright Advanced Devices, Inc. This software the property of Advanced Devices, Inc (AMD) which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights AMD. AMD MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL AMD BE LIABLE FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
that from please or about this software to the 29K Technical 800-29-29-AMD the USA or the UK, or free. The Advanced Devices, Inc. 29K Products Stop E. White Austin TX C.W. Copyright (C) C.W. This freely distributed as as the author's (C) Copyright This software freely as this copyright intact. There this software. Microsystems Copyright (C) Microsystems, Inc. rights Microsystems, Inc. business. to and this software freely granted, that this Copyright HEWLETT-PACKARD COMPANY To who acknowledges that this "AS IS" without or warranty: to and this hereby without fee, that the copyright and this appears and that the of or publicity to of the software without written about the of this software Copyright (C)
to and this software freely granted, that the copyright this and the following with THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Christopher G. Copyright Christopher G. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Inc. Copyright Inc. rights This software the property of Inc which specifically the the right to and this software this or other rights SUPERH MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SUPERH BE LIABLE FOR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING FROM THE FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, OR USE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
that from please or about this software to the Inc. River CA USA of Copyright of rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of KTH the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY KTH AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL KTH OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright
rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. S. L. Author: S. L. Copyright S.L. to and this software without granted, that this included of software which or includes or of this software and of the such software. THIS SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY. IN PARTICULAR, THE AUTHOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND CONCERNING THE MERCHANTABILITY OF THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. C. Copyright C. rights Redistribution and and forms, with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the author to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. DJ
Copyright (C) DJ rights Redistribution and and that the copyright and following such This distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without the warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. Copyright Corporation to and this software and its this that the copyright appears and that both the copyright and this appear this that prominently as of the to this software or and that the of Corporation or publicity to of the software or the without written Corporation this AS IS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. or the of, or the of the of, the software and terms of correctness, reliability, currentness, or otherwise; and the software, and IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND. IN NO EVENT SHALL INTEL'S TOTAL LIABILITY EXCEED THE SUM PAID TO INTEL FOR THE PRODUCT LICENSED HEREUNDER. Barcroft Copyright Barcroft rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. (Charset Conversion Library) Copyright B. SoftMine Corporation. Rights to Publishers. Redistribution and and with or without that the following
Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright IA, rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. M.
Copyright M. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. A. Chernov using Copyright (C) A. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR
OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. Copyright rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE AUTHOR AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. ARM and only) Copyright ARM rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the The of the to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ARM LTD "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL ARM LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. CodeSourcery, Inc. Copyright CodeSourcery, Inc. rights Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the the of CodeSourcery the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY CODESOURCERY, INC. "AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL CODESOURCERY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. MIPS Inc Copyright MIPS Inc. rights
Redistribution and and with or without that the following Redistributions of the copyright this of and the following Redistributions the copyright this of and the following the and/or other with the Neither the of MIPS Inc. the of its to or products from this software without written THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Copyright Notice Copyright Attribution topic: Notices rights of this publication reproduced, or or mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written of Corporation. The information with this of this information as to other products. Corporation its to the purchaser of this or third or incurred purchaser or third as of: or of this or repairs, or to this or the U.S.) to strictly with Corporation's operating and instructions. Corporation or from the of options or products other than those as Products or Products Corporation. This information to without Copyright Attribution topic: Notices This information to without America, Inc. CPD-35021 topic: Copyright Notice