This Product Information the of the EPSON TW100 cover foot Remote switch foot Foot release Remote or A-RGB/D-RGB DVI-I RS-232 A/C Specifications of Poly-silicon Thin Transistor (TFT), active of LCD inches F=1.74 to to Brightness (ANSI) aspect ratio ratio to inches to Projection to to Projection rear, mount) ratio correction correction ratio UHE High Efficiency) About hours V13H010L17 Remote AA Height inches inches inches EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100
EPSON TW100 Rated to supply to VAC, to VAC, to F to C) to RH, United States FCC 15B Class UL1950 DOC SOR/88-475 CSA C22.2 CE Directive 73/23/EEC EN Directive 89/336/EEC EN EN Compatible The the NTSC, HDTV, PAL, and SECAM international as as the below. To from the refresh thats with the the following resized to the The of allow to correctly; EPSON TW100 to F to C) to RH, Refresh Rate DVI PC98 Supported VGAEGA Supported VGA60 Supported VESA72 Supported VESA75 Supported VESA85 Supported SVGA56 Supported SVGA60 SVGA72 Supported SVGA75 Supported SVGA85 XGA60 XGA70 Supported XGA75 Supported XGA85 Supported SXGA170 Supported SXGA175 SXGA185 SXGA260 SXGA275 Supported SXGA285 SXGA360 Supported SXGA375 SXGA385 VGA SVGA XGA Supported MAC II MAC16 Supported MAC19 Supported MAC21 TV480i TV575i Supported SDTV575P Supported NTSC4.43 PAL M-PAL N-PAL PAL60 SECAM The resized to of the
SDTV (when aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) SDTV (when aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) SDTV (when aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) SDTV (when aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) HDTV aspect) aspect) HDTV aspect) aspect) TV (NTSC) (when aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) TV (PAL, SECAM) (when aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) aspect) RGB PC98 EGA VGA SDTV (when VESA (when SVGA (when XGA (when (when QVGA (when SXGA (when MAC13 MAC16 MAC19 Normal Through Through Normal Through Through Normal Through EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100 Aspect Aspect Aspect
EPSON TW100 MAC21 SDTV (when SDTV (when SDTV (when HDTV HDTV These with both and This that with VGA ESC/VP21 Commands the ready the the If terminates with and then the The of commands through the Item Command ON PWR ON ON/OFF OFF PWR OFF SOURCE selection SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE RGB) SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE SOURCE ON/ ON MUTE ON OFF OFF MUTE OFF Black BSEL selection BSEL BSEL EPSON TW100 Normal Through Assignments The RGB, the assignments: Synchronous GND GND GND SDA GND GND GND SCL GND Aspect
Positioning the Follow these to the when the and from the there of around and the the within of grounded outlet or and within of the the the The as shown below. If or overhead to the Projection option from the Table temporary front Shelf Perfect temporary or the and the Choose the Projection option. Professional recommended. Choose the option. Rear Choose Rear the option. Rear/Ceiling Professional recommended. Choose the Projection option. If the the front or the back, to its and Projection The the and the the of the as shown below. other as those with the Aspect and buttonalso the of the the the should Turning the On and Once the connected to or and follow these to and the turned off the and connected to the cover. Turn the switch the back of the EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100
EPSON TW100 The light top of the flashes and then The to buttons the or while the light flashing or Turn the to connected to the Press the the or the top of the The light flashes as the and the about seconds. The light and with the displayed. This Press the to necessary). If connected than and/or to Press the Source the or of the buttons the Switching Sources information.) If from and New that found and-play If the or reversed, to the Projection option the the information. If to appear, What To If You below Once instructions focusing and other EPSON TW100 Turning the ready to the follow these Turn off or connected to the first. Press the the or to off the You If to off, or the (It about seconds.) Press the The turned off and the light flashes about seconds and then to flashing The light flashing the cools the cooled, the light and the off. If to the the light flashing red. Then the button. If using the of the light then off the switch the back of the the cover. What To If You If or with the turning or the following: the cover off. to the switch the back of the turned the light and flashing. If the light the the or the the connected correctly, as the (or the connecting If active, the the to Select than connected to the of the buttons the D-RGB or A-RGB or the Source the OFF? Please to off.
the input matches the the or commands the Advanced to the that matches the connected the information. turning off or and restarting If to to the as as the LCD as below. If using PC Press the function that Its with such as CRT/LCD You to the while or On the the LCD and the or both the Allow seconds the to might to the the to that both the LCD and or If with OS or From the Apple then and Sound Click the and then top of the other. Click top of the other If the option isnt to of the Click the and then from the the (Allow seconds the to the selection.) If with OS X: Preferences from the Apple and Click To the both and LCD the (If this another Click the of the One of the top of the othe Click EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100 Click
EPSON TW100 Switching Sources If the connected to than the the or to switch the On the the Source to the currently selected Press to switch. the the of the the Source On the of the buttons to the To the connected to Press this this or D-RGB D-RGB DVI-I A-RGB A-RGB DVI the the appears. EPSON TW100 the There to the once displayed, as the following the of the The should as to the as If the too the front foot. the Press the foot release and the front of the This the foot. buttons Once the where release the to the foot If to straighten the the round foot the back of the If the Foot release
Focusing and the The of the the the and the the to or reduce the the to the You the as below. the If the the front or the back, this: the or of the shown below. To this, the the and the top or the corners of the correction, slightly The the memory, the of the might to the as If the becomes or correction, the Sharpness the as the You (as the section) or through the You or to the and the light and Follow these Press the the or the You the Crosshatch the the If to the the and the top or as Press the to the this to the and light shades. First the and choose the option. Then or RGB the the disappears. the to the and the to EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100
EPSON TW100 Selecting the Select from to the with and Theater when or with their PC brightest that to the If the both the and the to To the the the appears the Remote You the through the Selecting the Aspect Ratio The aspect ratio the ratio and its height. aspect ratio of and HDTV aspect ratio of If the its If choose the Press the Aspect the or the to of the following aspect The appears the each the ratio EPSON TW100 Aspect ratio Normal Normal the aspect ratio of the and the appear the this the If TV the when selected the the correctly their the top and amount and then Through If the input or the with the unchanged. The of the the input Through If the input or the input and the aspect ratio of The of the displayed the input The below shows which aspect ratio the input Normal Through Through (SDTV) (HDTV) (SVGA or lower) (XGA or higher) Normal output the they elongated
Turning the and Sound Press the the to and turn off the sound. ready to If the to though cant or hear the to the playback the You the instead of or the EPSON the whenever the the Action Press the the to temporarily the action the This the the the the and input while the when the to the playback where the Source buttons The following the functions the Function or the Aspect through aspect ratio Normal, Through, Through. the function. Pressing while or the displays the previous or Select or Select options the and the to allow focusing the and the light and areas. through Theater, PC, and Press with the buttons to as below. Corrects which when the or directly front of the the while of the to the Source than connected to the switches from input to another. EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100 the and the You these buttons to through the and Aspect Select and buttons
EPSON TW100 the Remote The line-of-sight It the from anywhere the to (This shorter the If connected the the as wireless The to commands these You too within within to the or right of the front or or or below or correctly light too bright light the light (such as sunlight) the Other (such as heater) The buttons shown the following Aspect EPSON TW100 Remote Select Memory buttons This the functions the Function the to allow focusing the and the light and areas. or the the function. Pressing while or the displays the previous or Select the and the button) through Theater, PC, and off the and the or EPSON background. buttons than connected to the selects the connected to the interface the back of the A, B, D-RGB, or A-RGB. Memory that assigned to the buttons buttons through the memory function the the the or the the Aspect through aspect ratio Normal, Through, Through. the the buttons.
Lights The lights top of the the operating light light light Light The You the to or turn off the switch the back of the to off. Flashing The the to appear. The operating normally. Flashing The cooling You cant or back (and should off the switch the back or the light flashing red. Flashing Flashing Flashing The ready. Flashing The too and cooling the surrounding the C) and there of around and Clean the necessary. instructions. off of internal the and The as The overheating, which off the automatically. then turn back there of around and the If to overheat, to the instructions. Light Flashing Flashing Cleaning the and Warning: of the turn off and the cord. cover the the and covers. the severely. try to service this yourself, as specifically this Product Information other servicing to service Cleaning the Clean the whenever or the of to To or smears the cleaning If necessary, cloth with based and the the with Cleaning the the off the and the cord. To or the with free cloth. To or cloth with and Then the thinner, or other These the EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100 The cooled properly. The switch turned off the cooled the used, and then the turned back hour. Turn off the and when the off the switch. another then the back There with the cooling or Turn off the and
EPSON TW100 Cleaning or the Clean the the of the every hours of If cleaned become with This overheating and the Follow these Turn off the and allow it to cool Turn off the switch the back of the the cord. Turn the its that the top and the easily. To the EPSON using and other office If clean the using (such as If the to or the or EPSON the United States to please included. You should the when the If to the the to the EPSON TW100 the To the first the then the clicks the The typically about hours of It to the when: The or to The light or flashing The LAMP REPLACE appears the when the about hours of To and quality, the as as You to hours the through the About or EPSON the United States V13H010L17. please Warning: when the the cool If the the to injury. the that the and should with If mounted the should unmount the This to the and the chance of from the Follow these to the Turn off the and to cool the light flashing). Turn off the switch the back of the and the cord. Allow the to cool least hour it
screwdriver to the and the cover. Then and screwdriver to the screws holding the (You cant these screws.) the as shown, and straight the of the assembly. Gently the and its screws. To the cover, the and then the (The the cover the as the section. the to the the track of hours used. Follow these Press the the or the You the Select the About You the hours and other Select You this Select then Select finished, or The the least hours. EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100
EPSON TW100 Optional Product Product and V13H010L17 carrying Samsonite wheeled ATA ATA Samsonite shoulder mount Distribution ELPDA01 security ELPSL01 High Motion High 50-inch 60-inch 80-inch (includes ELPAP01 and (VGA to ELPKC19 DVI to DVI, DVI to DFP, DVI to You purchase these from or EPSON or the EPSON SM www.epsonstore.com (U.S. only). please EPSON TW100 ELPKS35 ELPKS40 ELPKS41 ELPKS43 ELPMB36 ELPMBAPL ELPMBFCP ELPDC02 ELPDC03 V12H064020 ELPSC06 ELPSC07 ELPSC08 ELPKC20 ELPKC21 V12H005C25 Related CPD-15280 EPSON TW100 CPD-15282 EPSON TW100
art/loc_shlf.eps art/mac1grey.tif art/mac2grey.tif art/REMOTE.EPS art/aspect1.eps art/power_light.eps art/power_light.eps art/power_light.eps art/power_light.eps art/power_light.eps art/temperature_light.eps art/power_light.eps art/temperature_light.eps art/temperature_light.eps art/power_light.eps art/lights.eps art/power_light.eps art/power_light.eps art/temperature_light.eps art/clean_air_filter.eps art/replace_air_filter.eps art/light.eps EPSON TW100 EPSON TW100